Facebook twitter instagram Advertisement Home News Finance Education Sport Travel Culture Everyday Tips Us Advertising About Us Hot Topics 4. June 2017 | The National Archives celebrates 200 years 4. June 2017 | Students request cancellation of exam 4. June 2017 | Trouble for Dubrovnik passengers 4. June 2017 | The Eiffel Tower goes dark to honour London victims 4. June 2017 | Advises everybody to vaccinate against measles Search for: Home Finance Delivery of Norwegian Airline planes delayed again TOPICS:737 Max aircraftBoeingNew planesNorwegian airlinesPostponement The airline Norwegian.Photo Norway Today Media Posted By: Gerard Taylor 3. June 2017 New postponement to delivery of Norwegian Airline’s new planes Flight manufacturer Boeing has postponed delivery of the 737 Max aircraft to Norwegian once again. Advertisement Completion was expected by late May, but, ‘Boeing has informed us that delivery of our first 737 Max is postponed until the end of June,’ said a spokesperson for Norwegian on the Flight Global website. In mid-May, Boeing announced that they had ordered test flights of all 737 Max aircraft due to a possible error in a vital enginepart. Boeing, and engine manufacturer, CFM, told Reuters news agency they didn’t know how long the problem would persist. Four routes affected Norwegian had planned to launch four foreign routes with the 737 Max by mid-June. The company say they will switch to the 737 Max when they receive them, but according to the website, can’t specify exactly when that will be. Norwegian made purchase options on a total of 100 of the aircraft type, referred to as the next generation of short and medium-distance planes. The airline plans to fly 737 Max aircraft, with lower fuel consumption than its predecessor, on routes between Europe and smaller cities in the United States.   © NTB Scanpix / Norway Today Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Related SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Related Articles Finance Boeing supports Norwegian in license case Travel Trouble for Dubrovnik passengers Finance Norwegian will be first on the wing with new 737 Max aircraft Finance, News Teething problems for Norwegian’s Boeing 737 Max Be the first to comment on "Delivery of Norwegian Airline planes delayed again" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow on Facebook Advertisement Recent News The National Archives celebrates 200 years Students request cancellation of exam Trouble for Dubrovnik passengers The Eiffel Tower goes dark to honour London victims Advises everybody to vaccinate against measles Advertisement Latest Articles 4. June 2017 The National Archives celebrates 200 years The National Archives celebrates 200 years with open doors The National Archives opens the doors to everyone and invites birthday celebration when the archive reaches… Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Read More 4. June 2017 Students request cancellation of exam 4. June 2017 Trouble for Dubrovnik passengers 4. June 2017 The Eiffel Tower goes dark to honour London victims 4. June 2017 Advises everybody to vaccinate against measles Advertisement Tags 2016 2017 A man arrested Asylum seeker Bergen Billion Billions Børge Brende Charged Children Donald Trump Employees Erna Solberg EU Finance Fire Government Increase Millions NATO NAV New Norway Norway Today Norwegian Norwegians Oslo Oslo Airport People Police Prime Minister Erna Solberg Prison Rape Refugees Russia Statoil Stavanger Sweden Today Travel UDI unemployment US Visit Advertisement About us Norway Today Media, is an independent newspaper. Our goal is to bring you the latest Norwegian news and happenings in English. We are not connected to any political party, and do not belong to any of the major newspapers in Norway. As a result of this, we are able to give you a neutral view of what is happening in Norway on a day to day basis.. Copyright Articles and photos that you find in this newspaper, are copyright protected and owned by Norway Today Media. Copying content from the newspaper for commercial use is prohibited. If you should wish to use any of the paper’s content, you are welcome to contact us. Contact us E-mail: Management ADS: Advertisement Found a problem in our pages? Please tell the webdevelopers Home News Finance Education Sport Travel Culture Everyday Tips Us Advertising About Us © Copyright Norway Today Media - Maintained by MjøsWeb - webpages for the future. To give you the best possible experience, this site ues cookies. Continuing to use norwaytoday.info means you agree to our use of cookies. If you´d like to learn more about cookies please click 'Read more' on the rightOkRead more
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 58 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) United Launches Longest Flight From US at 8,700 Miles Douglas A. McIntyre 24/7 Wall St. June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share United Airlines will start the longest flight between a U.S. location and any airport in the world. The service, which will cover 8,700 miles, will run between Los Angeles and Singapore. United Continental Holdings Inc. (UAL) will use a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner plane for the flight. The aircraft builder launched the plane in 2009 and delivered the first one to Nippon Airlines in 2011. It can hold over 300 passengers. It is good for long-range flights because Boeing Co. (BA) has taken as much weight off its frame as possible, mostly through the use of composite material. Boeing says it has made 541 of the planes. Boeing's price for the plane is $270 million, although carriers rarely pay the list price. ALSO READ: Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Lighter planes have become the key to longer flights. On top of that, international travel has surged. According to a leading industry group: The International Air Transport Association (IATA) announced full-year global passenger traffic results for 2016 showing demand (revenue passenger kilometers or RPKs) rose 6.3% compared to 2015 (or 6.0% if adjusted for the leap year). This strong performance was well ahead of the ten-year average annual growth rate of 5.5%. Capacity rose 6.2% (unadjusted) compared to 2015, pushing the load factor up 0.1 percentage points to a record full-year average high of 80.5%. The rise in load and drop in fuel prices make these long routes more profitable than they would have been several years ago. Related Articles Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America The World's 25 Fastest Growing Retailers Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Lawsuit Claims Double-Amputee Passenger Arrested After American Airlines Denied Him Wheelchair Yahoo Beauty Do you know your net worth? Calculate it here! Fisher InvestmentsSponsored In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored If Trump won’t address climate changes, states, cities and companies will Yahoo Finance What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.2k
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Motivated Kohli plays down 'tiff' with Kumble ahead of Pakistan tie Business Standard SpiceJet's Q4 net profit plunges 61% IANS  |  New Delhi/Mumbai  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 19:38 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPoAx ALSO READ SpiceJet posts Rs 181 cr profit; in black for 8th straight qtr SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say SpiceJet plots expansion with order for 100 new Boeing planes SpiceJet agrees to buy 100 new planes from Boeing Budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Saturday reported a decline of 61.40 per cent in its standalone net profit for the fourth quarter (Q4) of 2016-17, due to demonetisation and increase in fuel cost. According to the airline, its Q4 net profit declined to Rs 41.63 crore from Rs 107.87 crore during the like period of 2015-16. The total income from operations during the period under review, however, rose by 10.22 per cent to Rs 1,625.72 crore from Rs 1,474.99 crore during Q4 of 2015-16. Besides, the company reported a decline of 4.24 per cent in its standalone net profit for the financial year 2016-17 to Rs 430.7 crore from Rs 449.78 crore during the previous financial year. However, the airline's total income from operations stood at Rs 6,191.26 crore -- up 21.68 per cent -- from Rs 5,088.07 crore reported during 2015-16. "Two successive profitable years, a record aircraft order and emerging as India's largest regional operator are testament of the fact that SpiceJet remains firmly on track on its long term growth strategy," said Ajay Singh, Chief Managing Director, SpiceJet. "SpiceJet continues to invest aggressively in creating capacity in line with forecast. We overcame a complete operational shutdown and placed the biggest order for 205 aircraft in our history." --IANS ppg-rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Spicejet | Demonetisation | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance SpiceJet's Q4 net profit plunges 61% Budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Saturday reported a decline of 61.40 per cent in its standalone net profit for the fourth quarter (Q4) of 2016-17, due to demonetisation and increase in fuel cost. Budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Saturday reported a decline of 61.40 per cent in its standalone net profit for the fourth quarter (Q4) of 2016-17, due to demonetisation and increase in fuel cost. According to the airline, its Q4 net profit declined to Rs 41.63 crore from Rs 107.87 crore during the like period of 2015-16. The total income from operations during the period under review, however, rose by 10.22 per cent to Rs 1,625.72 crore from Rs 1,474.99 crore during Q4 of 2015-16. Besides, the company reported a decline of 4.24 per cent in its standalone net profit for the financial year 2016-17 to Rs 430.7 crore from Rs 449.78 crore during the previous financial year. However, the airline's total income from operations stood at Rs 6,191.26 crore -- up 21.68 per cent -- from Rs 5,088.07 crore reported during 2015-16. "Two successive profitable years, a record aircraft order and emerging as India's largest regional operator are testament of the fact that SpiceJet remains firmly on track on its long term growth strategy," said Ajay Singh, Chief Managing Director, SpiceJet. "SpiceJet continues to invest aggressively in creating capacity in line with forecast. We overcame a complete operational shutdown and placed the biggest order for 205 aircraft in our history." --IANS ppg-rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet's Q4 net profit plunges 61% Budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Saturday reported a decline of 61.40 per cent in its standalone net profit for the fourth quarter (Q4) of 2016-17, due to demonetisation and increase in fuel cost. According to the airline, its Q4 net profit declined to Rs 41.63 crore from Rs 107.87 crore during the like period of 2015-16. The total income from operations during the period under review, however, rose by 10.22 per cent to Rs 1,625.72 crore from Rs 1,474.99 crore during Q4 of 2015-16. Besides, the company reported a decline of 4.24 per cent in its standalone net profit for the financial year 2016-17 to Rs 430.7 crore from Rs 449.78 crore during the previous financial year. However, the airline's total income from operations stood at Rs 6,191.26 crore -- up 21.68 per cent -- from Rs 5,088.07 crore reported during 2015-16. "Two successive profitable years, a record aircraft order and emerging as India's largest regional operator are testament of the fact that SpiceJet remains firmly on track on its long term growth strategy," said Ajay Singh, Chief Managing Director, SpiceJet. "SpiceJet continues to invest aggressively in creating capacity in line with forecast. We overcame a complete operational shutdown and placed the biggest order for 205 aircraft in our history." --IANS ppg-rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Why Boeing Expects to Sell More F/A-18E/F Super Hornets and F-15 Eagles Dave Majumdar June 3, 2017 TweetShareShare Boeing expects to see the fortunes of its defense business improve over the next several years and much brighter prospects for its tactical fighter products.  Nonetheless, the company faces uncertainty over how future U.S. defense spending will shape up. The company expects that it will see robust demand for its military aviation products including the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, the EA-18G Growler and the F-15 Eagle. “We see our defense business strengthening. We still see it as a modest growth business going forward,” Boeing chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg said at Sanford C. Bernstein’s Strategic Decision Brokers Conference on June 1. “We see some fundamentals strengthening in the U.S. defense budget as you well know, there is still uncertainty on exactly where the fiscal year 2018 budget will come out what the five-year plan looks like.” Compared to just a few years ago, when Boeing faced the prospect of shuttering both its F-15 Eagle and F/A-18 Super Hornet product lines, things are looking up for the company’s tactical fighter business. “We see some new energy in our fighter line for example,” Muilenburg said. “Demand for the F-18 is returning and you see the five-year plans that have just been launched and the fiscal 2018 budget requests. Those all include Super Hornets, when in the past they did not. So that creates some opportunity for the future.” Meanwhile, the Navy is looking at mid-life upgrades for the Super Hornet, which could prove to be lucrative for the company. In addition to more F/A-18s and upgrades for the existing Super Hornet fleet, Muilenburg noted that the Navy has expressed interest in more EA-18G electronic attack aircraft. “We see continuing interest in the Growler electronic attack variant domestically,” Muilenburg said. “All of that tells us that line should very well be strong and healthy through the next decade. Not just through this decade, but well into the next decade.” Things are also looking up for both the Super Hornet and F-15 overseas in the export market. “We are continuing to see international interest. Kuwait’s interest in F-18s, as you recently saw the signing of the agreements—our approval of the agreements in Qatar for three F-15s with an option from another 36—Canadian interest in the Super Hornets,” Muilenburg said. Embed from Getty Images “We have continuing international interest in several places. So we can see both the F-18 line and the F-15 line being extended in a strong way well into the next decade.” If Muilenburg proves to be correct and the F/A-18 and F-15 lines are extended into the 2020s, Boeing’s fighter production lines will survive long enough to compete for the U.S. Navy’s Next Generation Air Dominance (NGAD) or F/A-XX program to replace the Super Hornet. The company could also be a competitor for the U.S. Air Force’s next-generation Penetrating Counter-Air (PCA)—which is also sometimes called F-X or Next Generation Air Dominance [sharing the same program name as the Navy’s separate effort]—program to replace the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor and the F-15C Eagle air superiority fighters. However, the Pentagon needs to start working on those next-generation projects sooner rather than later for the sake of the industrial base. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @Davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Kim Jong-un Isn’t Crazy and China Doesn’t Have a Solution Negotiating with North Korea requires treating its leader as closer to a “smart cookie” than a “madman.” Doug Bandow What Do China's Military Strategists Think of the Battle of Midway? China likely recognizes that once wars are started with America, even when militarily successful, they may be extremely difficult to end. Lyle J. Goldstein America May Have Ditched TPP, But It Hasn't Ditched Asia The Asia-Pacific region is refusing to let the pact die, even leaving the door open for a change of heart by Washington. Anthony Fensom Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Cheers & Jeers Vancouver blessed with philanthropy; Boeing job cuts violate spirit of deal By The Columbian Published: June 3, 2017, 6:03 AM A   A Cheers: To philanthropy. The Tod and Maxine McClaskey Foundation has awarded $2 million to Washington State University Vancouver for the creation of an endowed chair in hospitality business management. Tod McClaskey was a co-founder of the Red Lion Inn Hotel chain, and the foundation in his name donated money to help launch WSUV’s hospitality program in 2013. Last year, the foundation gave $4 million to Clark College to bolster the school’s culinary program, and over the years it has contributed to numerous other educational programs throughout the county. Vancouver in recent years has benefited from the generosity of a remarkable generation of philanthropists, people who have used their wealth to provide for the future of the community. In the process, they have bolstered the region’s high quality of life. Jeers: To job losses at Boeing. The aerospace giant, Washington’s largest private employer, saw its workforce in the state decline by 1,582 in April. According to The (Everett) Herald, that was the company’s sharpest monthly decline since 2003. Boeing officials said the cuts are necessary for the company to remain viable in a competitive global market. And, it should be noted, Boeing still employs some 80,000 people in Washington and remains essential to the state’s economy. But at the same time, the company reports that it saved $242 million on its state tax bill thanks to breaks approved by the Legislature in 2013. Those breaks were provided in exchange for a promise to build the 777X in Washington. Boeing has lived up to the letter of that agreement, but often has violated the spirit of it by moving other jobs out of the state. Cheers: To pneumonia. Well, we’re not big fans of the illness, but cheers go to the fact that “pneumonia,” according to Google, is the most often looked-up word in Washington. Hey, it’s a tough word to spell, so there is no shame in having to double-check it. Oregonians, on the other hand, were most likely to look up “sense,” which common, um, sense tells us isn’t very difficult to spell. And while our neighbors to the south might be scratching their heads over that one, it is the people of Wisconsin who should be truly embarrassed by the Google analysis. The most searched-for word in The Badger State is “Wisconsin.” Jeers: To tension at The Evergreen State College in Olympia. After a couple weeks of racial unrest, the campus was abruptly closed Thursday following a phoned-in threat of violence. Evergreen has seen recent protests stemming from the tradition of Day of Absence, in which minorities traditionally attend programs off campus. The situation has devolved from there, with a professor being urged by some to resign and with national news outlets paying attention. We’ll make it simple: Campuses should be bastions of free speech. Meanwhile, whomever escalated the tension by threatening violence should be investigated and punished to the fullest extent of the law. Cheers: To the Portland Rose Festival. Portland’s annual civic celebration is getting underway, providing opportunities for fun and frivolity in an extravaganza the attracts people from well beyond the city boundaries. CityFair, which lures revelers to the Willamette River waterfront with rides, carnival games, food, and entertainment, is open this weekend and next. The Starlight Parade will wind its way through downtown Portland tonight, and the Grand Floral Parade is next Saturday. The Rose Festival dates to 1907, and it long has heralded the start of summer while celebrating the natural beauty of this region. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 58 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Norwegian Air's 'first-flight' customers must wait as Boeing delays 737 MAX delivery date Phil LeBeau CNBC June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share For Norwegian Air, taking delivery of its new Boeing (NYSE: BA) 737 MAX 8 is another great marketing opportunity. It's offering a dozen people a once-in-a-lifetime ride on the airline's newest plane. But just four days after opening an auction for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13, Norwegian says it won't be taking off that day. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June," the company said in a brief statement. Why the delay? Boeing spokesman Doug Alder tells CNBC: "On occasion delivery processes run into minor issues — whether for maintenance or other reasons. In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue." Alder declined to give further details about issues causing the delay. Boeing expects Norwegian Air to get the plane by the end of June. Pushing back scheduled deliveries of new planes is not unusual, but Boeing has a lot riding on its new 737. The transition from the current 737 NG to the 737 MAX is being watched closely. Boeing is currently building 42 737s each month, with monthly production scheduled to jump to 47 later this year, 52 in 2018 and 59 in 2019. As that production climbs, so will deliveries of the 737 MAX. There's no indication that delaying some initial 737 Max deliveries will jeopardize Boeing's production plans, but pushing back Norwegian's delivery comes less than a month after Boeing suspended 737 MAX test flights to inspect some of the engines for a potential manufacturing flaw. After inspecting the LEAP 1B engines and working with the engine manufacturer CFM International, (Singapore Exchange: CFMH-SG) Boeing resumed test flights, and the first 737 MAX 8 was delivered in mid-May to the Asian carrier Malindo Air. Malindo is now operating two 737 MAX planes. As for Norwegian, the delivery delay will not change the airline's plan to expand service to the U.S. this summer. "This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between the U.S. East Coast and Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Norway will be operated by another aircraft type," the airline said. Boeing shares closed Friday up more than 1.6 percent at about $190.23. Watch: Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue More From CNBC British Airways IT outage reportedly caused by a contractor who accidentally shut down power supply How to get ready for hurricane season JetBlue will accept selfies as boarding passes Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Whatever Makes You Feel Beautiful WalgreensSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills The Street Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Malls of the Future May Be Nothing More Than Giant Parking Lots for Uber Drivers and Amazon Workers The Street Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video 5 biggest money mistakes new grads make Yahoo Finance Donald Trump's Political Arm Cites InfoWars In An Email Boasting About Crowd Size Gary: Trump, the administration of lies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Here’s your Sunday roundup of the region’s biggest traffic headaches. Boeing & Aerospace Business International Trade Boeing delays Norwegian Air’s first 737 MAX plane a second time Originally published June 2, 2017 at 6:03 pm Boeing is looking to step up shipments of the 737 MAX after briefly suspending flights last month because of a potential manufacturing fault in the plane’s engines. Boeing said the latest delay was due to a “a minor technical issue.” (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) Boeing attributed the latest delay decision to a “a minor technical issue” without providing details. Share story By Julie Johnsson and Justin Bachman Bloomberg News Boeing is delaying the delivery of Norwegian Air Shuttle’s first 737 MAX jet — again. The upgraded single-aisle plane will now arrive at the end of June, the discount carrier said in an emailed statement Friday. The delay is the second in about a month for Norwegian, which initially planned to receive its first 737 MAX at the end of May before being forced to reschedule for June 13. Boeing is looking to step up shipments of the fastest-selling plane in company history after briefly suspending flights last month because of a potential manufacturing fault in the plane’s engines. Norwegian has been discussing “appropriate” compensation with Boeing over the delay, Thomas Ramdahl, the airline’s chief commercial officer, said this week. The carrier referred questions about the delay to Boeing. In an emailed statement, the planemaker attributed the decision to a “a minor technical issue” without providing details. The engines are made by CFM International, a venture of General Electric and Safran. Most Read Stories In Seattle, is it now taboo to be friends with a Republican? | Danny Westneat ‘There’s going to be a lot of dead gangsters’: Inside King County’s surging gang war Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Telemarketers, debt collectors fight to bypass ringtone on cellphones Police: Bottles, bricks thrown at officers near Portland rally; counter-protest shut down; at least 14 arrestedUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Norwegian has already planned to begin new trans-Atlantic service from Edinburgh to the U.S. with a 737-800 limited to 150 passengers. The delay likely means Norwegian will fly the older 737 on the route longer. Norwegian is the European launch customer for the 737 MAX, with 108 orders. Boeing delivered the first of the upgraded 737 to Lion Mentari Airlines’s Malaysian unit, Malindo Airways, on May 17, followed by a second shortly after. Lion is the largest 737 MAX customer, with 201 orders, one more than Southwest Airlines, which plans to begin flying the plane in October. Julie Johnsson Justin Bachman View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Vancouver, B.C., home prices resume stubborn climb to fresh record Previous Story US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:32 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy’s $4.8 bln Unfunded Priorities Wishlist Includes 24 Planes, No Ships © AP Photo/ Lockheed Martin Military & Intelligence 03:37 03.06.2017(updated 08:47 03.06.2017) Get short URL 0 233135 The US Navy’s unfunded 2018 priorities list contains a $2.7 billion request for 24 additional aircraft but no additional ships. The aircraft would include four F-35C Joint Strike Fighters made by Lockheed Martin, four CMV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft made by Bell and Boeing, six P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft and 10 F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet strike fighters, both made by Boeing. Lawmakers received the 48-item list, which contains equipment, weapons, development and operations equipment and maintenance assets totalling $4.8 billion, on May 30. The list items were not included in last month’s $171.5 billion fiscal budget for 2018. © AFP 2017/ MLADEN ANTONOV Trump Nominates Richard Spencer to Be US Navy Chief The fact that no ships are included on the list comes as surprise, as US President Donald Trump made a larger Navy one of his top defense planks on the campaign trail and the Navy called to expand the fleet from 270 ships to 355. If the expansion is enacted, the Navy would see the largest shipbuilding boom since the end of the Cold War, ideally creating tens of thousands of jobs for sailors. Navy Times quoted then-Senator Jeff Sessions at the time saying, "Trump's plans are actually to build more ships and maintain a higher number of troops and aircraft. It will go a lot further than words to convince the world that we remain strong. It will help us to maintain the peace." Matthew Paxton, president of the Shipbuilders Council of America, said in early January. "Russia and China are going to continue to build up their navies … The complexities aren’t going to get any easier. The Navy, more than any of the services, is our forward presence. We’re going to need this Navy."  © AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman US Navy Orders Another $244Mln Worth of ‘Vehicle Spares’ for $1Trln F-35 Last month, acting Navy Acquisition Chief Allison Stiller said the White House supports buying two additional Littoral Combat Ships (LCS), as the Navy’s 2018 request only called for one. She said at the time, "The administration recognizes the criticality of our industrial base and supports funding a second LCS in FY-18," though she did not clarify how the new vessels would be paid for. Although there are no ships on the unfunded list there is a request for $312 million for five ship-to-shore connectors made by Textron and $84 million for upgrades to the LCS survivability and lethality capabilities. The Navy also asked for $110 million for a new LCS training facility in Florida at Naval Station Mayport and $31 million for the development of the ships’ over-the-horizon capabilities. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 35 Related: US Guided Missile Destroyer Ross Departs Haifa, Israel After Port Visit - Navy US Concludes Readiness and Training with Thai, Singapore Warships - Navy US Undersea Tech Firm to Provide Acoustic Warfare System for Navy Attack Subs US Navy Must Increase Fleet to Catch Up With Russia, China - Naval Ops Chief Lockheed Martin to Upgrade Tomahawk Cruise Missile Software for US Navy Tags: Wishlist, US Navy, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14834 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10285 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7193 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7170All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Battlespace Tech C4ISR Cyber Defense Defense IT Mobile Unmanned Systems Resources Newsletter Events Face-to-Face Events Connected Warrior Summit Defense Analytics Event Defense Systems Summit Advertise Advanced Search C4ISR Boeing to demo DARPA space plane By George Leopold Jun 02, 2017 Boeing will build and demonstrate a prototype of a new class of hypersonic aircraft designed to provide quick access to low-Earth orbit. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency selected Boeing's design for the next "fabrication" and "flight" phases of its Experimental Spaceplane-1 (XS-1) effort. The DARPA program seeks to create a "launch-on-demand" capability for smaller payloads while lowering launch costs by a factor of 10. The reusable XS-1 would serve as a hybrid aircraft-space launcher capable of lifting payloads to the edge of space where an expendable upper stage would place satellites up to 3,000 pounds into polar orbits. Launched like a rocket and powered by cryogenic propellants, program officials said the XS-1 space plane would reach hypersonic speeds before releasing its upper stage. The reusable first stage would then land on a runway to be readied for its next flight "within hours," DARPA said. "Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities," Brad Tousley, director of DARPA’s Tactical Technology Office, which oversees XS-1, noted in a May 24 statement announcing the Boeing design win. Phase 2 of the program calls for Boeing's Phantom Works unit, which also builds the X-37B space plane used for classified Air Force missions, to design and test a prototype vehicle by 2019. The initial tests include firing the prototype vehicle's engines 10 times in 10 days to verify its propulsion system is ready for flight tests. The XS-1 will use an Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the U.S. space shuttle main engine. Flight testing of the XS-1 is scheduled to begin in 2020, with up to 15 sorties that would also include 10 test flights over 10 days, DARPA said. Initial flights without a payload would reach speeds up to Mach 5. Later flights would top out at Mach 10 and eventually deliver a demonstration payload to orbit. Along with lightweight composite cryogenic propellant tanks, the XS-1 demonstration phases will evaluate the ability of composite-metallic wings and control surfaces to withstand the pounding of suborbital hypersonic flight along with temperatures of more than 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Pamela Melroy, a former shuttle commander who also served as deputy director of DARPA’s Tactical Technology Office, noted that XS-1 and related efforts are designed to get a handle on launch and satellite costs. "The cost of access to space is one of our major focus areas," Melroy stressed. DARPA also said XS-1 testing will wring out its Airborne Launch Assist Space Access program, which seeks to launch 100-pound satellites into low-Earth orbit on short notice for less than $1 million per launch. That effort reflects the research agency's plans to develop smaller, cheaper satellites that could be replaced more quickly than current payloads launched using expendable rockets. Also competing for the next phase of the XS-1 program were the teams of Northrop Grumman and Virgin Galactic along with Masten Space Systems and XCOR Aerospace. Boeing's prototype dubbed "Phantom Express" measures 100 feet in length with a wingspan of 62 feet. The single AR-22 engine would burn a mixture of liquid hydrogen and oxygen. "Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk,” Darryl Davis, president, Boeing Phantom Works, noted in a statement.   About the Author George Leopold is a contributing editor for Defense Systems and author of Calculated Risk: The Supersonic Life and Times of Gus Grissom."Connect with him on Twitter at @gleopold1. Featured Articles DARPA proposes portable antenna for underwater drone communication Boeing to demo DARPA space plane Cisco, DOD move JRSS to cloud tech and greater automation Navy cyber hardens CANES, considers adding to LCS fleet Air Force to finalize new cyber mission forces Doubts raised about N. Korean role in hack Video Update 5-25-17: F-35 3F software to become operational Hughes offers new lightweight, mobile satcom terminal Air Force Budget Boosts Space Tech Amphibious Assault Ships Receive CANES IT software upgrade Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Doubts raised about N. Korean role in hack Air Force to finalize new cyber mission forces Air Force Budget Boosts Space Tech Hughes offers new lightweight, mobile satcom terminal Boeing to demo DARPA space plane Defense Systems Update Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Select primary job function/rank Click to Select One Flag Officer Field Grade Officer Captn/Lt/Ensign/Warrant Off Congress/Executive Branch Sr DoD Exec/PEO/SES/Dir/Dep Program/Project Mgmt Procure/Purch/Contract Mgmt Network/Comms/Eng/Ops Mgmt Defense Ind Exec/Dir/Mgmt Other Select military branch/agency/business type Click to Select One Army Commands Navy Commands Air Force Commands Coast Guard Joint Chiefs, Joint Commands DoD & Intelligence Agencies Executive Branch Congress/Legisltv Agencies Other Defense Govt Agencies Defense Ind/Gov Contractor University/Media/R&D Other I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Free Newsletters News Whitepapers About Us Print Archive Reprints Events Site Map Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use List Rental 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510, McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100©1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Close this Advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Airlines Norwegian Air's 'first-flight' customers must wait as Boeing delays 737 MAX delivery date Boeing told Norwegian Air that the delivery of its first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. The news comes four days after an auction began for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13. Phil LeBeau | @Lebeaucarnews Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 6:28 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airliner is pictured at the company's factory on March 7, 2017 in Renton, Washington. The 737 MAX 9, which can carry up to 220 passengers, is the second of three variants of the popular single-aisle model. For Norwegian Air, taking delivery of its new Boeing 737 MAX 8 is another great marketing opportunity. It's offering a dozen people a once-in-a-lifetime ride on the airline's newest plane. But just four days after opening an auction for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13, Norwegian says it won't be taking off that day. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June," the company said in a brief statement. Why the delay? Boeing spokesman Doug Alder tells CNBC: "On occasion delivery processes run into minor issues — whether for maintenance or other reasons. In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue." Alder declined to give further details about issues causing the delay. Boeing expects Norwegian Air to get the plane by the end of June. Pushing back scheduled deliveries of new planes is not unusual, but Boeing has a lot riding on its new 737. The transition from the current 737 NG to the 737 MAX is being watched closely. Boeing is currently building 42 737s each month, with monthly production scheduled to jump to 47 later this year, 52 in 2018 and 59 in 2019. As that production climbs, so will deliveries of the 737 MAX. There's no indication that delaying some initial 737 Max deliveries will jeopardize Boeing's production plans, but pushing back Norwegian's delivery comes less than a month after Boeing suspended 737 MAX test flights to inspect some of the engines for a potential manufacturing flaw. After inspecting the LEAP 1B engines and working with the engine manufacturer CFM International, Boeing resumed test flights, and the first 737 MAX 8 was delivered in mid-May to the Asian carrier Malindo Air. Malindo is now operating two 737 MAX planes. As for Norwegian, the delivery delay will not change the airline's plan to expand service to the U.S. this summer. "This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between the U.S. East Coast and Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Norway will be operated by another aircraft type," the airline said. Boeing shares closed Friday up more than 1.6 percent at about $190.23. Watch: Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue show chapters Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue    Friday, 12 May 2017 | 3:17 PM ET | 00:32 Phil LeBeauCNBC Auto and Airline Industry Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CFMH --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Don't Miss AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander Airmen and Sailors graduate from Tinker Airman Leadership School Honoring the brave during Police Week Airmen stop woman from jumping off bridge 75 year partnership, Tinker and Midwest City PHOTO: VQ-4 Change of Command Depicting 75 years of Tinker history in paint The Tinker Take Off Home About Us Contact Us Air Force news Archives Tinker Take Off Time Off Advertising Classifieds Special Publications Tinker Living 2016-17 The Base Guide and Directory 2015-16 Tinker Base Map 2017 Health and Wellness Guide Saluting Our Veterans Holiday Gift Guide Living in Oklahoma The National Guard Association of Oklahoma Education Guide Real Estate: your home, your life Combined Federal Campaign Home / 2017-05 May 19 - May 25 vol. 75_iss. 20 / TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry By: jilliancoleman June 2, 2017 Comments Off on TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry Greg L. Davis 72nd Air Base Wing Public Affairs The Boeing E-3 Sentry is a special mission aircraft built around a highly-modified Boeing Model 707-320 commercial airliner. The Airborne Warning and Control System, or AWACS, is essentially a powerful airborne search and track radar system using a rotating dome affixed 11 feet above the top of the rear fuselage using two aerodynamic pylons. The aircraft itself sits on tricycle landing gear with mid-fuselage mounted, swept-wings with two TF33 engines under each wing. It has a traditional tail configuration. Overall view of a 552nd Air Control Wing E-3C Airborne Warning & Control System (AWACS) aircraft shown over the central United States as it approaches a KC-135R Stratotanker to refuel. The AWACS aircraft has a large rotating radar mounted above the aircrafts’ fuselage and large sensors mounted along the sides of the forward fuselage and below the nose. The E-3C is based at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Copyright 2003 Greg L. Davis, Aviation Photojournalist Tinker’s connection with the E-3 Sentry has stretched over the aircraft’s entire operational life. The first E-3 arrived here in March 1977 directly off the production line and was quickly followed with a total of 35 aircraft purchased between fiscal years 1977-1984. Tinker is the primary operating location for the E-3 and includes both training and operational flight squadrons, unit-level maintenance and depot-level maintenance through the co-located Oklahoma City Air Logistics Complex. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization purchased and operates 18 E-3A ‘U.S./NATO Standard’ aircraft. These NATO standard aircraft differ slightly from U.S. Air Force aircraft in the avionics and communications suites necessary to communicate with NATO air and ground units. These aircraft also retain many of the legacy systems and technology when compared to the numerous upgrades given to the U.S.A.F. aircraft over the last 40 years. There have also been foreign military sales of E-3s: seven to the United Kingdom, five to Saudi Arabia and four to France. These aircraft are all equipped with high-bypass CFM56 engines. The U.S.A.F.’s current upgrade program, much of which is conducted at Tinker, is currently underway. Block 40/45 represents a revolutionary change for AWACS by modernizing the 1970s era mission computer, controller displays, and other systems using modern off-the-shelf components. An upgraded Identification Friend or Foe system and communications equipment make the E-3 not just a powerful flying radar capable of monitoring and controlling aircraft from ground level to the stratosphere in a 250 mile circle, but also acting as part of a larger Command and Control Battle Management element in the Theater Air Control System by passing information to other players such as fighters for intercepts and ground based assets for monitoring and interrogation. In modern warfare the ability to control the skies and achieve air-superiority is critical. Therefore, there are E-3s in-use across the world and the USAF has permanently forward based E-3s at Kadena Air Base, Japan and Elmendorf AFB, Alaska. Air refueling capability gives the Sentry long legs and the ability to quickly deploy and when necessary remain aloft for many hours at a time to meet the needs of combatant commanders. The venerable E-3 Sentry has played crucial roles in air combat by monitoring and controlling contested airspace over Iraq during Operation Desert Shield/Storm, Northern and Southern Watch, Iraqi Freedom, and over Afghanistan in Enduring Freedom. It also played a key role in NATO Operation Allied Force and over the continental US in support of Operation Noble Eagle. If there is an area of tension in the world it is virtually guaranteed an E-3 Sentry is on duty to monitor and control the airspace.   Manufacturer: Boeing Aircraft type: E-3 Nickname: Sentry/AWACS Crew: Flight crew of four; 16-20 mission specialists Power plant: Four Pratt & Whitney TF33 turbofan engines producing 21,000 pounds of thrust each. In-service dates: 1975-present Number produced: 35 Tinker connection: Flight operations, training, maintenance, repair and overhaul   7:47 am Fri, June 2, 2017 The Tinker Take Off jilliancoleman Related Articles AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog June 2, 2017 AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas June 2, 2017 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander June 2, 2017 My Account SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 Tinker Take Off 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., June 2, 2017 – Leveraging the recently launched Boeing [NYSE: BA] 702 high-power satellite, ViaSat’s second-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, will realize a seven-fold increase in broadband internet service coverage from its previous generation satellite and offer twice as much capacity on orbit. ViaSat-2 will also offer flexibility to move satellite capacity to where broadband demand exists and is the first satellite Boeing built for the company. Boeing is on contract to build two more satellites, under the ViaSat-3 program, both based on the 702 design and integrated with ViaSat payload technology. “ViaSat-2 is a major technological achievement. It advances satellite system design and will provide the best economics, quality and service capabilities available in the industry,” said Mark Dankberg, chairman and chief executive officer of ViaSat. “These advancements required a spacecraft partner, like Boeing, that could understand our vision for satellite broadband. We would like to thank Boeing for their hard work, expertise and contributions to the ViaSat-2 program. Our collaboration will enable ViaSat to bring internet to millions of users on the ground, in the air and at sea.” The satellite was launched, and sent its first signals from space, on June 1. “We’re glad to have continued to advance this flexible platform, relying on its flight-proven technology, while in great partnership with ViaSat to achieve their vision of connecting the world,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International.” For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com     Print       Email Published: 2 days ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 1:15 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Trump walks away from Paris Agreement, but America will keep its climate promise ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE WVDEP Holding Public Meeting on Water Quality Standards June 13 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts We must remain strong following London attack, says Long London attack: Paul Nuttall statement 2383 AIDS and Assisted Living Devices Distributed to 1266 Senior Citizens during camp on ‘Rashtriya Vayoshri Yojana’ OF M/o Social Justice & Empowerment in Nagpur New Bridge Constructed in Record Time of 165 Days on Savitri River Tim Farron’s statement on the London attacks © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., June 2, 2017 – Leveraging the recently launched Boeing [NYSE: BA] 702 high-power satellite, ViaSat’s second-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, will realize a seven-fold increase in broadband internet service coverage from its previous generation satellite and offer twice as much capacity on orbit. ViaSat-2 will also offer flexibility to move satellite capacity to where broadband demand exists and is the first satellite Boeing built for the company. Boeing is on contract to build two more satellites, under the ViaSat-3 program, both based on the 702 design and integrated with ViaSat payload technology. “ViaSat-2 is a major technological achievement. It advances satellite system design and will provide the best economics, quality and service capabilities available in the industry,” said Mark Dankberg, chairman and chief executive officer of ViaSat. “These advancements required a spacecraft partner, like Boeing, that could understand our vision for satellite broadband. We would like to thank Boeing for their hard work, expertise and contributions to the ViaSat-2 program. Our collaboration will enable ViaSat to bring internet to millions of users on the ground, in the air and at sea.” The satellite was launched, and sent its first signals from space, on June 1. “We’re glad to have continued to advance this flexible platform, relying on its flight-proven technology, while in great partnership with ViaSat to achieve their vision of connecting the world,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International.” For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Multiplexed Diagnostics Market by Application, Technology & Product Segment Analysis Next PostNext Potassium Fluoroborate (CAS 14075-53-7) Market Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis and Development Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched CARLSBAD, Calif., June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is pleased to announce the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Approximately 29 minutes after liftoff, the ViaSat-2 mission was underway with the satellite separating from the launch vehicle. First signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter through a ground station at Hassan, India. In the coming days, ViaSat-2 will start orbit raising with its chemical propulsion system, followed by solar array deployments, and will then switch over to its electric propulsion system to complete orbit raising over the coming months. ViaSat expects it will take several months for ViaSat-2 to reach its final orbital destination, located at 69.9° west longitude. ViaSat Inc. announced the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Mark Dankberg, ViaSat’s chairman and CEO commented, „Today’s successful launch is a momentous event in ViaSat’s history. It represents the culmination of hard work, dedication and commitment to technical excellence from across the ViaSat team. We also want to recognize our launch team partners, Boeing and Arianespace, for their support and collaboration in helping us successfully launch ViaSat-2.” ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. ViaSat-2 is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Dankberg continued, „The innovations in our ViaSat-2 spacecraft and underlying network will enable us to be one step closer to connecting the world, and delivering new higher speed fixed and mobility services that will continue to compete with traditional broadband services.” „Arianespace is excited to have delivered for ViaSat!  We are proud to have launched one of the world’s most advanced telecommunications satellites, ViaSat-2, safely to orbit. Great things are in store for our friends at ViaSat,” said Stéphane Israël, CEO of Arianespace. „We are honored that ViaSat has put their trust in Boeing to build and deliver their next-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, a high-power 702 satellite with advanced capabilities that will help ViaSat connect millions around the world through high-speed broadband service,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ:  VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access – anywhere – whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company’s innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat’s SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-successfully-launched-300467789.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Related Links http://www.viasat.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Expansion Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How communicators can prepare for the challenges ahead of them Next PostNext Gold Coast Website Designer Continues to Work for Cooler Torch Website to Improve Its Mobile Search Appearance Search Recent Posts Global Growth Set to Strengthen to 2.7 percent as Outlook Brightens June 5 – 11: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) RIO RD.-FOUR SEASONS DR. TRAFFIC SIGNAL TO BE REMOVED MAY 30 – VDOT adjusting pavement markings at the intersection for better visibility, operations Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 599 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers. Post to Facebook JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2swvwbE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Today in the Sky The Associated Press Published 8:15 a.m. ET June 2, 2017 | Updated 4:19 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 187 Shares Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE JetBlue and Delta are experimenting with facial recognition and fingerprinting to make the boarding process easier. Time Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers. JetBlue Airways plans to test facial-recognition check-in for a few flights beginning later this month, and Delta Air Lines plans to let some passengers board with their fingerprints instead of a boarding pass. The once-ubiquitous paper boarding pass is already shunned by many travelers who prefer to use mobile boarding passes on their phones. Now pilot programs could render those obsolete too, as airlines aim to increase convenience for customers, and government agencies look to increase security. TODAY IN THE SKY: Delta to test facial-recognition tech on new self-service bag drop This image provided by Delta shows a biometric fingerprint scan being used to confirm entry at one of the carrier's frequent-flier lounges.  (Photo: Delta Air Lines) JetBlue and U.S. Customs and Border Protection will test facial recognition for passengers boarding flights from Boston's Logan Airport to Aruba starting later this month. Volunteers will be photographed and their images will be searched against a Customs database of passport and other photos. Passengers who are cleared will get a signal from a screen above the camera, telling them they can go ahead and board. JetBlue said it will be the first airline to work with Customs to test biometrics for identifying passengers during boarding. Delta recently started letting come members of its loyalty program use fingerprints as proof of their identity to enter the airline's lounge at Reagan Washington National Airport. The airline says that it plans to expand the test at National to let members use fingerprints to check a bag and board a plane. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery (2017)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A taster from Rogue Brewery rests on a table at the brewer's Portland (Ore.) International Airport location in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017 as an Alaska Airlines' liveried Embraer E170 shadows it on a nearby runway.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 freighter lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rarified Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-400 combi rolls out in front of Mount Rainier after landing at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in a distinctive purple, a WOW Airbus A330 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Portland (Ore.) International Airport's carpeting has achieved a bizarre semi-celebrity status. Here, the original is on the right, while the new (and not as well-liked) version is on the left. (February 2017)  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "More to Love" Boeing 737-900, which commemorates the airlines' merger with Virgin America, departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sections of Boeing Dreamliner fuselages are worked on at the company's Aft Body assembly line building in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 takes off for Tokya Narita from Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board at Portland (Ore.) International Airport on February 20, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rain drops coat a window overlooking an Alaska Airlines jet at Portland International Airport in February, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbia River appears out of the fog as an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Air Bombardier Q400 preps to land at Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A traveler steps off an escalator at Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International's A and B concourses are nearly full as the morning departure rush gets underway on a foggy February morning in 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An engine of a Korean Air Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner -- the first ever to be delivered to the carrier -- is seen during delivery ceremony festivities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 test aircraft pays a visit to Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A320 lands at Portland (Ore.) International Airport under gloomy skies in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The distinctive wing of this Boeing 787 is seen as the jet makes its way through Boeing's Final Assembly building in South Carolina on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier looms in the background as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Connection Bombardier CRJ700 waits for its next flight at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to a gate at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Airbus A319 departs San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines-liveried Bombardier CRJ700 takes off from Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A320 departs Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing Dreamliner fuselages works its way through the company's Mid Body assembly line building in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2swvwbE Most Popular
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 27° | Max. 35° Air Quality: PSI 33-53 We set you thinking Monday 5 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket 1496636526 World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' 1496635638 World China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining 1496635174 Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold 1496635263 Business Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 1496634464 World Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote 1496634440 Singapore Netizen who drew flak for Traffic Police FB post charged with shoplifting 1496633280 Singapore Public sector to cut water and electricity usage by 2020 1496632860 Business Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 1496633106 World China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy 1496633021 World Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 1496627501 World Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' 1496632191 World Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups 1496632235 World London cops adjust to new terror reality with guns, helicopters 1496632627 Voices S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme 1496632620 World Bahrain cuts ties with Qatar for meddling in internal affairs 1496632263 World Mattis fails to ease Asia’s concerns about Trump 1496630820 Business Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA 1496630308 Business Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference 1496630308 World "Enough is enough" PM May says after London attackers kill seven 1496606663 World Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage 1496629800 World In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes 1496629165 World On social media, Cambodia’s Buddhist monks double as election correspondents 1496629323 World Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 1496628054 World Trump’s off-the-cuff tweets strain foreign ties 1496627520 Business IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth risk to Asia 1496626507 World China upset at Mattis' 'irresponsible remarks' on South China Sea 1496622240 World Blast hits petrochemical plant in China, damage unknown: Xinhua 1496623993 Singapore Thomas Chua, netizen criticised for FB post on Traffic Police officer, arrested for shoplifting 1496589300 World Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 1496623625 Business Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track 1496622851 World Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 1496622727 Voices Food security: Vertical farming may be the answer 1496606520 Business Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems 1496618716 World British police will name London Bridge attackers when "operationally possible" 1496617874 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, June 5 1496615400 China&India Singapore ‘very happy’ with China’s contributions to Shangri-La Dialogue 1496606520 Singapore Singapore must play its part in the war against terror: Ng Eng Hen 1496587440 Singapore State intervention ‘keeps extremism at bay, fosters integration’: Shanmugam 1496606520 Singapore Loved ones of those radicalised have a duty to report them: Shanmugam 1496590140 World Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack 1496614149 World 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged 1496612112 World UAE warns citizens against traveling to UK after London attacks 1496603857 World Some Palestinian ex-prisoners in Gaza say their salaries withheld 1496607491 World Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies 1496605897 Business Coke, Cargill enter fray as sugar dispute threatens Mexico trade 1496608549 Business Saudi Aramco warned by lawyers on New York IPO litigation risks: FT 1496607390 Business Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes 1496604783 Business 'Wonder Woman' could lift Time Warner shares 20 percent - Barron's 1496603225 World London attack: Stabbing happened right in front of manager of Singaporean-owned restaurant 1496606542 Business Aeroflot says new Russian jet 'serious' competitor to Boeing, Airbus Aeroflot CEO Savelyev attends the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:25 PM, June 2, 2017 ST PETERSBURG, Russia - Russia's new MS-21 passenger plane, its first domestically-built mainline commercial aircraft since the collapse of the Soviet Union, is a serious venture capable of competing with industry heavyweights Airbus <AIR.PA> and Boeing <BA.N>, the head of national airline Aeroflot <AFLT.MM> told Reuters on Friday. Russia carried out the MS-21's maiden flight on Sunday and has heralded the twin-engine jet as a domestic alternative to those made by America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus, which dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Manufacturer Irkut Corporation <IRKT.MM> and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) <UNAC.MM> say the new plane is more efficient than its Western counterparts, but analysts warn Russia faces a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "If they achieve the goals they announced, then this is of course a serious plane. It is a real plane which will compete with Boeing and with Airbus," Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev told Reuters in an interview at an economic forum in St Petersburg. "I think this will be a serious machine," he added. "It will be light, economical and effective. Now we are simply waiting for it." Flag carrier Aeroflot, which operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, has yet to sign any purchase contracts for the MS-21. But the company expects to do so this year and state defense conglomerate Rostec has already said it will lease at least 50 MS-21 planes to the airline. Savelyev said he expected the first delivery to be made in 2019 and 40 percent of Aeroflot's fleet would be made up of domestic aircraft by 2023. NO PRESSURE No official price has been announced, but it will have to be competitive to justify future purchases, Savelyev said. "We, as consumers, cannot take a plane that is more expensive than competing versions abroad. If we are to do it, it has to be at a competitive price," he said. The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. Majority state-owned Aeroflot is sometimes seen as making business decisions which primarily benefit the Russian government, such as a move in 2015 to buy a 75-percent stake in failing competitor Transaero. The purchase was later abandoned and Aeroflot agreed to fulfill Transaero's ticket obligations at the state's request. Savelyev said he had come under no pressure to support the MS-21, which the government is hoping will help rejuvenate domestic industrial production and make the country less dependent on foreign firms. "We are a commercial company, there is no pressure on us or instructions to buy Russian planes," he said. "We would like there to be a domestic aircraft, because every airline all over the world tries to support domestic producers." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan Waymo working on self-driving trucks Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Inside Today World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA Sports S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme Busy Mok on track for KL SEA Games Horse-racing: Quechua wins QEII Cup on third attempt Singapore’s giant-killing run in Darts World Cup ends with narrow q-final loss New ActiveSG club launched for ultimate frisbee Entertainment Once-censored, Cubans now rock to the Beatles at Havana tribute concert Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth sequel to include Trump’s exit from Paris Accord Actor who posted about Ah Boys to Men 4 audition questioned by cops Wonder Woman sets out on her quest to transform Hollywood Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Aeroflot says new Russian jet 'serious' competitor to Boeing, Airbus By Reuters Published: 07:19 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 07:19 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail By Gleb Stolyarov ST PETERSBURG, Russia, June 2 (Reuters) - Russia's new MS-21 passenger plane, its first domestically-built mainline commercial aircraft since the collapse of the Soviet Union, is a serious venture capable of competing with industry heavyweights Airbus and Boeing, the head of national airline Aeroflot told Reuters on Friday. Russia carried out the MS-21's maiden flight on Sunday and has heralded the twin-engine jet as a domestic alternative to those made by America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus, which dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Manufacturer Irkut Corporation and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) say the new plane is more efficient than its Western counterparts, but analysts warn Russia faces a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "If they achieve the goals they announced, then this is of course a serious plane. It is a real plane which will compete with Boeing and with Airbus," Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev told Reuters in an interview at an economic forum in St Petersburg. "I think this will be a serious machine," he added. "It will be light, economical and effective. Now we are simply waiting for it." Flag carrier Aeroflot, which operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, has yet to sign any purchase contracts for the MS-21. But the company expects to do so this year and state defence conglomerate Rostec has already said it will lease at least 50 MS-21 planes to the airline. Savelyev said he expected the first delivery to be made in 2019 and 40 percent of Aeroflot's fleet would be made up of domestic aircraft by 2023. NO PRESSURE No official price has been announced, but it will have to be competitive to justify future purchases, Savelyev said. "We, as consumers, cannot take a plane that is more expensive than competing versions abroad. If we are to do it, it has to be at a competitive price," he said. The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. Majority state-owned Aeroflot is sometimes seen as making business decisions which primarily benefit the Russian government, such as a move in 2015 to buy a 75-percent stake in failing competitor Transaero. The purchase was later abandoned and Aeroflot agreed to fulfil Transaero's ticket obligations at the state's request. Savelyev said he had come under no pressure to support the MS-21, which the government is hoping will help rejuvenate domestic industrial production and make the country less dependent on foreign firms. "We are a commercial company, there is no pressure on us or instructions to buy Russian planes," he said. "We would like there to be a domestic aircraft, because every airline all over the world tries to support domestic producers." (Writing by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Dmitry Solovyov/Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News INTERVIEW-Aeroflot says new Russian jet 'serious' competitor to Boeing, Airbus Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-04:53pm , Reuters Russia's new MS-21 passenger plane, its first domestically-built mainline commercial aircraft since the collapse of the Soviet Union, is a serious venture capable of competing with industry heavyweights Airbus and Boeing, the head of national airline Aeroflot told Reuters on Friday. Russia carried out the MS-21's maiden flight on Sunday and has heralded the twin-engine jet as a domestic alternative to those made by America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus, which dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Manufacturer Irkut Corporation and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) say the new plane is more efficient than its Western counterparts, but analysts warn Russia faces a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "If they achieve the goals they announced, then this is of course a serious plane. It is a real plane which will compete with Boeing and with Airbus," Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev told Reuters in an interview at an economic forum in St Petersburg. "I think this will be a serious machine," he added. "It will be light, economical and effective. Now we are simply waiting for it." Flag carrier Aeroflot, which operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, has yet to sign any purchase contracts for the MS-21. But the company expects to do so this year and state defence conglomerate Rostec has already said it will lease at least 50 MS-21 planes to the airline. Savelyev said he expected the first delivery to be made in 2019 and 40 percent of Aeroflot's fleet would be made up of domestic aircraft by 2023. NO PRESSURE No official price has been announced, but it will have to be competitive to justify future purchases, Savelyev said. "We, as consumers, cannot take a plane that is more expensive than competing versions abroad. If we are to do it, it has to be at a competitive price," he said. The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. Majority state-owned Aeroflot is sometimes seen as making business decisions which primarily benefit the Russian government, such as a move in 2015 to buy a 75-percent stake in failing competitor Transaero. The purchase was later abandoned and Aeroflot agreed to fulfil Transaero's ticket obligations at the state's request. Savelyev said he had come under no pressure to support the MS-21, which the government is hoping will help rejuvenate domestic industrial production and make the country less dependent on foreign firms. "We are a commercial company, there is no pressure on us or instructions to buy Russian planes," he said. "We would like there to be a domestic aircraft, because every airline all over the world tries to support domestic producers." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Iran lashes out at US, Saudi for starting regional alliance against Tehran World London Terror Attack: 7 killed, 21 critical; 12 nabbed by UK police World Donald Trump believes in climate change: Nikki Haley World China: 1000 years old hidden temple found by archaeologists World Syria army takes Aleppo town from Islamic State World ISIS member British national Jihadi Jack nabbed in Syria Next Article > Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Next node Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Related Geneva: Aeroflot plane evacuated after bomb threat, man arrested Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Aeroflot Russia Vitaly Savelyev Irkut Corporation Reuters United Aircraft Corporation Rostec Soviet Union Europe Airbus Transaero St Petersburg SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials Sport Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers SHOWCASE-Tennis-Alize Cornet v Caroline Garcia - player profiles Tennis-Murray takes on tricky Khachanov for a spot in last eight Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States United Launches Longest Flight From US at 8,700 Miles By Douglas A. McIntyre June 2, 2017 6:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet United Airlines will start the longest flight between a U.S. location and any airport in the world. The service, which will cover 8,700 miles, will run between Los Angeles and Singapore. United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) will use a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner plane for the flight. The aircraft builder launched the plane in 2009 and delivered the first one to Nippon Airlines in 2011. It can hold over 300 passengers. It is good for long-range flights because Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has taken as much weight off its frame as possible, mostly through the use of composite material. Boeing says it has made 541 of the planes. Boeing’s price for the plane is $270 million, although carriers rarely pay the list price. Lighter planes have become the key to longer flights. On top of that, international travel has surged. According to a leading industry group: The International Air Transport Association (IATA) announced full-year global passenger traffic results for 2016 showing demand (revenue passenger kilometers or RPKs) rose 6.3% compared to 2015 (or 6.0% if adjusted for the leap year). This strong performance was well ahead of the ten-year average annual growth rate of 5.5%. Capacity rose 6.2% (unadjusted) compared to 2015, pushing the load factor up 0.1 percentage points to a record full-year average high of 80.5%. The rise in load and drop in fuel prices make these long routes more profitable than they would have been several years ago. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Wal-Mart Warehouse Clearance, Another Threat to Competition Retailers Announce Most Job Cuts of Any Category, Says Challenger Gray Report » Read more: Transportation, airlines, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Court Place Advisors LLC maintained its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,480 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $262,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Brown Advisory Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 16.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 37,625 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $5,856,000 after buying an additional 5,192 shares during the period. Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,339,000. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its position in Boeing by 100.7% in the first quarter. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 38,289 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,772,000 after buying an additional 19,213 shares during the period. GLG LLC bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $4,988,000. Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,704,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a PE ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $188.26. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $182.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $169.66. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. Boeing’s quarterly revenue was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.74 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/court-place-advisors-llc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Vetr upgraded Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Boeing from $205.00 to $210.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $167.52. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 7,986 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.78, for a total transaction of $1,467,667.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 39,251 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,213,548.78. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,169,858.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adviser Investments LLC acquired a new position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 21,794 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $3,854,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its position in Boeing by 16.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 37,625 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $5,856,000 after buying an additional 5,192 shares in the last quarter. Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,339,000. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 100.7% in the first quarter. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 38,289 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,772,000 after buying an additional 19,213 shares during the period. GLG LLC acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $4,988,000. Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,704,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $182.84 and its 200 day moving average is $169.66. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $188.26. The company has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.74 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. WARNING: “Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/adviser-investments-llc-invests-3-85-million-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. Vetr cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $157.59 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Berenberg Bank assumed coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $202.00 price target for the company. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $167.52. In other news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 5,047 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.83, for a total value of $922,743.01. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 8,829 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,614,206.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sawgrass Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 1,940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $343,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.5% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 1,674 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $225,000 after buying an additional 8 shares in the last quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,898 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $512,000 after buying an additional 9 shares in the last quarter. Vicus Capital raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 1,382 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $244,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,995 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $353,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Finally, IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 8,240 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,457,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $188.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $182.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $169.66. The firm has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.74 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/sawgrass-asset-management-llc-buys-new-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Vetr raised Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, May 18th. Morgan Stanley lowered Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In other news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total transaction of $2,840,601.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 43,801 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    ReportsWeb.com added "Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017" to its vast collection of research Database. The report is spread across 113 pages and supported by 13 company leaders. June 2, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- The Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Cyber Weapon industry. In a word, This report studies Cyber Weapon in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer. Key companies included in this research are Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Cisco Systems, McAfee, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE Systems plc, Symantec Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Company, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE System plc, Avast Software and AVG Technologies. Browse complete report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Region, this report splits Global into several key Region, with sales, revenue, market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2011 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. Firstly, Cyber Weapon Market On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons and Defensive Weapons. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System, Air Traffic Control, Hospital, Automated Transportation System, Industrial Control System, Communication network, Smart power grid and Others. Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/sample Major points from Table of Contents: 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 2 Global Cyber Weapon Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value) by Regions (2012-2017) 4 Global Cyber Weapon Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 5 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Types 6 Global Cyber Weapon Market Analysis by Applications 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Cyber Weapon Market Forecast (2017-2022) List of Tables and Figures Figure Picture of Cyber Weapon Figure Global Cyber Weapon Production (K Units) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Types (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Product Picture of Offensive Weapons Table Major Manufacturers of Offensive Weapons Figure Product Picture of Defensive Weapons Table Major Manufacturers of Defensive Weapons Figure Global Cyber Weapon Consumption (K Units) by Applications (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 Figure National Defense System Examples Figure Air Traffic Control Examples Figure Hospital Examples Figure Automated Transportation System Examples Figure Industrial Control System Examples Figure Communication network Examples Figure Smart power grid Examples Figure Others Examples Figure Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Million USD) , Comparison (K Units) and CAGR (%) by Regions (2012-2022) Figure North America Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Capacity (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Capacity Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2017 Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Production (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Production (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers Figure 2017 Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table 2016 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table 2017 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table Global Market Cyber Weapon Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure Global Market Cyber Weapon Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Table Manufacturers Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area Place a Direct Purchase Order of Complete Report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811098/buy/2900 Contact Info: Name: Sameer Joshi Email: sales@reportsweb.com Organization: ReportsWeb Address: Pune, India. Phone: +1-646-491-9876 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-weapon-market-by-type-product-application-region-outlook-and-forecast-to-2022/204557 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204557 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Etihad says to expand Dreamliner network in Europe Abu Dhabi airline plans to launch flagship long-haul aircraft on routes to Amsterdam and Madrid Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 2 June 2017 12:59 AM Etihad Airways has announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from September, and to Madrid, effective October 1, joining Düsseldorf and Zurich as the airline’s other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months, Etihad said in a statement. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub, it added. Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations – Washington, Düsseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane from Abu Dhabi. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways CEO, said: “With two of Etihad Airways’ most popular European destinations joining our 787 network later this year, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft. "The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes.” Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories Etihad says all Sydney flights to be served by A380 Etihad announces 6% passenger increase amid 'tough' conditions Etihad unveils plan to deploy new 787 Dreamliner aircraft Etihad says to expand flights to India's Bengaluru Galleries Revealed: Top 10 airlines in the world Companies Etihad Airways Also in Transport Driving along Dubai's roads makes us ask if we are racists Video: The world's largest aircraft rolls out of the hangar Also in UAE UAE, Saudi, Bahrain and Egypt cut ties with Qatar Jeddah's new airport on track to start operations in Q1 2018 Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Etihad Airways Get E-Mail Alerts Transport Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Egypt »           View complete list Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: Sheikh Mohammed meets Queen Elizabeth II at Epsom In pictures: Palestinians perform first Friday prayer of Ramadan at the Al-Aqsa mosque In pictures: Seven civilians killed in a terror attack in central London In pictures: World's first 'Robocop' at the Ramadan cannon in Dubai In pictures: Muslims in Dubai break their fast Revealed: 11 iftars in Dubai to try this Ramadan In pictures: BlackBerry KEYone Revealed: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai In pictures: Saudi Deputy Crown Prince visits Russia In pictures: Remembering John F. Kennedy on his 100th birthday In pictures: Dangerous cyclone Mora hits Bangladesh thousands displaced In pictures: Rulers of the UAE and the Crown Princes exchange Ramadan greetings In pictures: Palestinian artists recreated sculptures resembling Egypt's landmark sites In pictures: Sri Lanka flood and landslides leaves more than 100 dead In pictures: Dubai Font letter erected around the city In pictures: Indian Muslims mark first day of Ramadan Video: The world's largest aircraft rolls out of the hangar Video: Third attack reported in the south of London Video: Oscar De La Hoya remembers Muhammad Ali Video: Google wants to know everything you're buying Video: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai Video: US Muslims show spirit of Ramadan with charity Video: The art of Islamic patterns Video: Eiffel Tower lights turned off in honour of Kabul bombing victims Video: Baghdad camera catches ice cream shop bomb Video: Android founder Andy Rubin unveiled the new essential phone Ph-1 Video: Jeff Bezos may dethrone Gates as the world's richest man Video: Iranian Ronaldo lookalike becomes famous Video: Anti-terrorism commercial goes viral in the Middle East Video: Muslims in Manchester hold peace march following last week's deadly attack Video: Disruption continues at British Airways Video: Amazon killed the bookstore. Now it's opening one Features & Analysis The cost of the US laptop ban Aviation analysts and airline bosses are warning of significant... 1 Q&A: The laptop ban and what it means when flying from Dubai and Abu Dhabi Couldn't a laptop with a bomb inside still pose a danger within... After all the hype, what's the future for Hyperloop One Los Angeles-based Hyperloop One may have struck a deal this month... 1 Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. Revealed: Alabbar's plans to conquer the fastest growing and most exciting industry 2. Revealed: Saudi king earns more retweets than Trump 3. Woman arrested in Abu Dhabi for stealing from gov't entity 4. Billionaire expects to earn $1bn from Abu Dhabi movie 5. Bahrain minister hacked after Qatar cyber attack 1. Revealed: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai 2. Revealed: 11 iftars in Dubai to try this Ramadan 1. Mastercard's Khalid Elgibali on changes in the UAE banking industry 2. Video: Mike Tyson interview 2017 about his personal life 3. Video: It's time for a blockbuster holiday in Dubai 4. What happened when President Trump met Sheikh Mohammed 5. Video: This Dubai businessman is going back to the future 1. United Airlines ends commercial ties with Emirates, flydubai 2. More than 52,000 UAE firms fined over work permit violations 3. What it takes to be influential Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 3 United Airlines ends commercial ties with Emirates, flydubai United's loss. more Sunday, 4 June 2017 9:10 AM - Bharat Jashanmal 2 More than 52,000 UAE firms fined over work permit violations it has its merits. One of the issues we faced (until I stopped hiring from overseas) is that many people who applied for the job had no intention of staying... more Sunday, 4 June 2017 12:57 PM - george 1 What it takes to be influential This is a brilliant Idea that needed to be done as Dubai actually now is the centre of the world. where ever you go in the world they will ask you where... more Sunday, 4 June 2017 9:12 AM - Dr Mazin Aljabiri Read all user comments » 9 Revealed: huge disparity in Dubai school fees I recall a recent study by Alpen Capital suggesting that the average cost of a child's entire life of schooling in Dubai is about AED 1 million. Although... more Monday, 29 May 2017 9:21 AM - New Expat 5 How Saudi Arabia blundered into OPEC oil cut Before Saudi Arabia's decision to move to unlimited production, analysts broadly thought break-even for shale was usd80. After the move, shale producers... more Tuesday, 30 May 2017 12:44 PM - Anastasios Dalgiannakis 3 United Airlines ends commercial ties with Emirates, flydubai United's loss. more Sunday, 4 June 2017 9:10 AM - Bharat Jashanmal Read all user comments » 41 UAE school fees are far too high, says Emaar chairman Other than the high fees..hidden profits being made in the form of huge mark ups on text books, uniforms, shoes even...then there is fees for participation... more Sunday, 14 May 2017 11:17 AM - Joseph 19 It's time for restaurants to stop shaming smokers Comparing Driving to Smoking is the most shameless ploy to convince people that we should not persecute smokers. If your vehicle hits someone... more Thursday, 25 May 2017 12:47 PM - Elkhorn 16 Dubai's Alabbar hit a nerve with residents Am quiet angry that Mr Al Abbar talks about high school fees and conveniently forgets about high mall rates, high community fees in his master communities... more Friday, 19 May 2017 12:22 PM - Vito rammuzzi Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Canada says it wants to resolve Boeing spat, but won't ignore national interests Nyshka Chandran | @nyshkac Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 1:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Canada Natl Defense Min on multilateralism, NATO spending    Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 11:51 PM ET | 02:42 Canada is hopeful for a resolution to its ongoing spat with Boeing but will not shy away from defending national interests, Minister of National Defense Harjit Sajjan told CNBC on Friday. "We're very disappointed with the actions Boeing has taken against Bombardier...We believe (Boeing's) position is unfounded," Sajjan said on the sidelines of the Shangri-La Dialogue, an annual meeting of global defense officials. Ottawa is currently reviewing defense procurements with the U.S. aerospace giant, Sajjan added, which include 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. In May, Boeing launched a trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, alleging the Montreal-based firm receives government subsidies that allow it to sell planes at below-market prices. Canada's defense policy report on June 7 is expected to shed more details on the country's future investments and purchases, including the proposed Boeing orders. show chapters Canada's defense minister warns on foreign fighters    Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 12:00 AM ET | 02:21 "We're hopeful things can be resolved, but we have to stand up for Canadian interests," stated Sajjan, who became the nation's first Sikh defense minister after being appointed to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet in 2015. A decorated lieutenant-colonel, 46-year old Sajjan clarified that his government was looking into the situation in its entirety, explaining the county's long relationship with the firm. "Boeing has been a very credible partner on various other procurements and we'd like that to continue," Sajjan said. "As a minister, I need to make sure the Canadian armed forces have all the right tools." Nyshka ChandranReporter, CNBC Asia-Pacific Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BBD.B --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
05/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Cecilia Schelin Seidegard: "Gotland is strategic since the vikings" Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You can control the Baltic sea if you have Gotland" Cecilia Schelin Seidegard Governor of Gotland World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst World 29/05/2017 Ramadan explained Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Better than a thousand months." World 26/05/2017 'Europe not doing so bad' says Germany's Schäuble Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Don't underestimate European economies, European societies" Wolfgang Schäuble German Finance Minister Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Cassini-Huygens's extraordinary journey around Saturn Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now the really exciting bit, we're passing between the atmosphere and the ring system of Saturn" Geraint Jones Head of Planetary Science, Mullard Space Science Laboratory more quotes Weather Bulletin Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Aa Aa Now Reading: Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message 01/06/2017 Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message REUTERS 01/06/2017 By Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) – Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp <BA.N>, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behaviour in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defence show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defence show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behaviour we expect of a trusted partner”. Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists world news 04/06/2017 London attacks: 'We heard gunshots... they said you gotta get out' world news 04/06/2017 London terror victims from all over the world Most viewed United Kingdom 04/06/2017 "This is for Allah" - the latest on the London attack Greece 04/06/2017 Greek police smash migrant smuggling ring world news 04/06/2017 London terror victims from all over the world Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Prime Minister Theresa May: 'enough is enough' Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines insiders 04/06/2017 Insiders: Living with the threat of terror Flashback: one year ago Australia 05/06/2016 Diver's death treated as second 'fatal shark incident' near Perth in a week France 05/06/2016 Flood water receding in Paris world news 05/06/2016 Is ISIL's de facto capital under threat? Syrian army 'penetrates Raqqa Province' Italy 05/06/2016 Matteo Renzi's popularity is tested as Italy goes to the polls in mayoral... France 05/06/2016 Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray to win the French Open Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines insiders 04/06/2017 Insiders: Living with the threat of terror world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? world news 03/06/2017 Paris Accord: the world’s biggest CO2 producers View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? Sport 02/06/2017 For Sofia football fans, dreams are fragile Channels Weather Bulletin 1 Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Latest Live Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags London Terrorism United Kingdom Terrorist attack Theresa May Attack Internet Security Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 05/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:33 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeViral Boeing’s stealthy Pegasus air tankers to refuel USAF jets in complete darkness (PHOTOS) Published time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:24 Edited time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:31 Get short URL Boeing's KC-46 © Christopher Okula / Reuters The first air tanker in world military history that can refuel planes in complete darkness is undergoing tests ahead of the expected US Air Force acquisition. A total of 179 of Boeing’s KC-46 'Pegasus' tankers will be delivered by the end of the 2017. TrendsViral The new fleet of ‘aerial gas stations’ are set to replace their predecessors, the KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been in service since the Eisenhower administration. In an emergency, the new KC-46 is also capable of carrying over 100 troops, 54 medical patients or 65,000 pounds (29,500 kg) of cargo, reports CNN Money. Boeing-USAF KC-46A tanker undergoing electromagnetic testing in world's largest anechoic chamber at Edwards AFB #USAF #Boeing #KC46 #Tanker A post shared by The Boeing Company (@boeing) on May 26, 2017 at 9:22am PDT The US Department of Defense has allotted $3.1 billion of its requested 2018 budget of $639.1 billion to pay for just 15 of the tankers. The Pegasus boasts an array of aerial countermeasures to defend against anti-air missiles. It also houses a suite of high definition cameras and infrared lights which allow it to carry out its stealthy midair refueling operations. The BAF, operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, is the largest anechoic chamber in the world and can fit most aircraft inside. It provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world. The chamber is filled with polyurethane and polyethylene pyramids designed to stop reflections of electromagnetic waves. (U.S. Air Force photo by Christopher Okula) #AnechoicChamber #LightAndSpace #acoustics #silence #engineering #POTD #PhotoOfTheDay #AirForce #USAF #KC46 A post shared by U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) on Jun 1, 2017 at 6:52am PDT The 'gas station attendant' commands a high-tech system which includes stereoscopic cameras with 185-degree visibility projected through 3D glasses to give the boom operator complete depth perception. This project has proven to be somewhat of a coup for Boeing, as US military top brass have remained skeptical throughout the project's development. The first successful 'lights out' test was carried out in December when the KC-46 refueled a massive C-17 cargo plane in pitch black skies. World's largest airplane poised for test flights into orbit (VIDEO, PHOTOS) https://t.co/NlshkHY4OTpic.twitter.com/l1NqQrHqGN— RT (@RT_com) June 1, 2017 The KC-46 is specifically designed for combat operations with an impressive 10-minute start up time from hangar to take off. This is made possible by the access hatch underneath the plane's nose which removes the need for boarding staircases for the crew. The refueling boom that was specifically designed for USAF jets boasts an impressive 1,200 gallons per minute pump speed, enough to fill an average passenger car in less than a second. Non-USAF jets have to make do with two additional refuelling pods housed under the wings which pump at 400 gallons per minute. The Pegasus has a totally capacity of just under 32,000 gallons Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing London Bridge Attack America's Heroin Epidemic TV Nightly News Meet The Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story The Week in Pictures: May 26 - June 2 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
About Subscribe Advertise Contact Sunday, June 04, 2017 The NORTH AMERICAN POST Home Community Politics Business History Food Art & Trend Home » Uncategorized » Memory of KAZ Memory of KAZIn Uncategorized 0 Share Share Tweet by Yukio Tazuma In 1933, Kazuo Tanemura and I followed our older siblings to Bailey Gatzert elementary school. This school was located in Seattle’s de facto segregated Japantown. The majority of the student body were ethnic Japanese. We never thought this was unusual. In fact, we thought all Seattle schools were like ours, including our area of immigrant Asians, Italians, and Jews. Of course, growing up with immigrant parents, our first language was Japanese. Since Kaz and I were most deficient in English, we were enrolled in a remedial class. This was the forerunner of today’s ubiquitous “English-as-a-second language” classes. When Kaz married Setsu, it was evident to me that she was speaking more like an average White. Not like Kaz and me speaking with a distinct ethnic accent, growing up within Japantown. This was due, I believe, to the fact that Setsu losther mother during her adolescence and was raised in a foster home of a Swedish/English family in Portland, OR. They, of course, spoke the distinct West Coast English, avoiding the dialect of the South, New England, or the Midwest. Recently, I was searching through some old family albums. To my surprise I found a Christmas card from Kaz before World War II. Nothing special about this, except having had it for so long. Kaz must have been about 10 or 11 at that time. Now, of course I’ve misplaced it and can’t find it. In 1942, Kaz and I were incarcerated at Minidoka concentration camp with other Seattle Japanese Americans. We enrolled for high school. The school wasn’t like Seattle’s brick-and-mortar buildings. It used the same block of shiplap barracks that were built to confine us. Picnic-style tables with fixed seating boards on either side were our desks. When we filled out the enrollment sheet for freshman class, it asked for our choice of vocation. Kaz knew exactly what he was shooting for – engineer. I had no idea of ever going to work or what I wanted to become, so I copied Kaz, and wrote – engineer. (Today, by the 1st grade, millennials knew exactly what they wanted to be – computer programmers) Kaz and I were both enrolled in the same math class. The problem was that he and I were the only two boys in that class. The rest were girls. I had to bust my butt to keep from looking stupid next to Kaz, who was a wiz in math. But, I think when we first went down to Reno, I figured the odds in playing blackjack better than he did. All of Kaz’s siblings were Nisei (U.S. born), except him. His pregnant mother had to make an urgent trip to Japan at the time, giving birth to Kaz over there. When they returned to America, Kaz of course became an alien ineligible for naturalization. This restriction applied to all non-White Asian immigrants until 1952. This didn’t stop Kaz from being drafted. After he was discharged from U.S. military service, I thought he was automatically a U.S. citizen, as it is today. No, he told me he became naturalized only after passing the standard Americanization test. Later, Kaz became an engineer at Boeing, and I was there as a graphic designer. I remember an assignment from Boeing Public Relations. It was to provide graphic support to Rainier Beach High School. It involved designing graphic patterns to fill up the blank walls of their hallways. Two of our artists laid out floor plans of all the walls, the mural designs based on the school icon “Vikings,” and the school colors. They provided full-size traceable layouts. After the mural design was approved by the school PTSA, members of their student body executed the project. They enthusiastically stenciled and painted the mural layouts on the wall, allowing them full involvement and proud ownership of the project. How was this project initiated? Setsu, as Rainier Beach High PTSA president, wrote the letter that persuaded Boeing to support this project — no easy task, when most requests that they receive had to be declined by Boeing as a practical matter. After all, Boeing’s mission is to build airplanes. Setsu, showing great initiative, is most deserving of this credit. But, how did she pull it off? Most Japanese Americans incarcerated for three years in an American concentration camp had become extremely introverted like Kaz and I. Growing up as racialminorities we began life being quiet, reserved and reticent. Whereas Setsu, raised in a White family, I believe reinforced her to think “White” and absorb the gumption to step forward to take leadership, in spite of also having been incarcerated. Very well done, Setsu. And, congratulations Kaz for marrying Setsu. This is written in memory of Setsu Tanemura who passed away on March 26, 2017, and Kaz Tanemura who passed away on April 15, 2017. [Editor’s Note] Yukio Tazuma was born in Seattle and lived in the Puget Sound region almost all of his life, except for the three years he was confined in the Minidoka concentration camp in Idaho with other Japanese Americans during World War II. Before his retirement, he worked as a graphic artist at The Boeing Co. He can be reached at ydentsuma@gmail.com 0 Share Share Tweet Previous Post Flavor of Spring : Sansai Okowa made EASY! You may also read! Shop for high-end Japanese socks at Kinokuniya Book Store May 25, 2017 31 0 CommentsBy: Megumi Matsuzaki A special sales fair through June 20 at Kinokuniya celebrates the 97th anniversary of sock maker Naigai, which startedRead More... Film director Koreeda lectures at UW May 25, 2017 48 0 CommentsBy: Megumi Matsuzaki By Yusuke Fukuda Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda, known for such films as Nobody Knows and Like Father, Like Son, heldRead More... Plans Released for Beppu’s Spa-musement Park May 25, 2017 29 0 CommentsBy: Megumi Matsuzaki Beppu City in Oita Prefecture is out to be the first city with a hot-springs-related amusement park, called aRead More... Site Sidebar Search for: Facebook Visit out Japanese Site Recent Posts Memory of KAZ Flavor of Spring : Sansai Okowa made EASY! Shop for high-end Japanese socks at Kinokuniya Book Store Film director Koreeda lectures at UW Plans Released for Beppu’s Spa-musement Park © Copyright North American Post, All Rights Reserved Mobile Sliding Menu Search for: Home Community Politics Business History Food Art & Trend
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN ONLY > Always There To Keep You At The Ready You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Always There To Keep You At The Ready Jun 5, 2017 Boeing | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 View the Boeing: Always There To Keep You AT The Ready in PDF format. Always There To Keep You AT The Ready. ANALYZING AND OPTIMIZING. Wherever the mission takes you, Boeing will be there to interpret complex data, derive business intelligence, and deliver actionable insight across a wide range of programs for improved performance and readiness. Working together with customers, our unparalleled ability to provide the right information quickly results in more efficient management and ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Always There To Keep You At The Ready".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 227   Controversy Flares Over F-35 Air Combat Report 323   Always There To Keep You At The Ready   Congress Wants A-10 vs. F-35 Flyoff 245   Weapons Tester Cites Further F-35 Challenges 218   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Sep 27, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Better International Trip Planning The aviation world is changing from top to bottom; those who don’t keep up are aced out. If you don’t have the right equipment, permits, and know how, you may not be allowed to complete your Point A to Point B objectives....More Aug 20, 2016 Video AviationWeek.com Analyst IDC Shares Insights for Securing IP Motivated manufactures working to solve this challenge that impact affordability can find recommendations for how an effective IP management system can avoid non-compliance and security compromises and best practices for integration....More May 31, 2017 Sponsored AviationWeek.com Suppliers: Benchmark on Advanced Manufacturing Turn your Manufacturing 4.0 ideas into action. Want insight into how a digital factory floor and automation can transform your manufacturing? Hear from a supplier, a robotics expert and additive manufacturing strategist in this new video....More Sep 28, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com HPE MRO Technologies A number of new technologies are poised to change the game in aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO). These technologies include highly visible innovations such as...More Apr 13, 2017 Sponsored AviationWeek.com Digital Continuity Throughout Production Aircraft, aircraft completions, and the aftermarket business drive significant revenue for Aerospace and Defense manufacturers....More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner close breaking news Advertisement Business Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner A Boeing 737 MAX sits outside the hangar during a media tour of the Boeing 737 MAX at the Boeing plant in Renton, Washington December 8, 2015. REUTERS/Matt Mills McKnight 03 Jun 2017 05:15AM (Updated: 03 Jun 2017 02:58PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SEATTLE: Boeing Co said on Friday it had delayed the delivery of its third 737 MAX jetliner, set for next week to Norwegian Air Shuttle, a move that comes after a brief delay in delivery of the first MAX last month. The 737 MAX is the latest version of Boeing's best-selling aircraft. Boeing did not elaborate on the cause of the delay. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. This will not affect our operation or our passengers," Norwegian Air said in a statement. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m project to build weapon that can take out several warheads at once Budget request for $259 million aims to speed up development of technology Multi-Object Kill Vehicle could take out multiple warheads, or one and decoys MDA awarded $58.6 million 35-month contract to Boeing to demonstrate MOKV By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 18:06 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 19:31 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 40 shares 61 View comments The Pentagon has accelerated its plans to develop a Multi-Object Kill Vehicle – a warhead interceptor that can take out multiple threats at once. A budget request for $259 million aims to speed up the development of the technology, and see it achieve ‘demonstrated capability’ by 2025, five years earlier than previously estimated. It comes as North Korea is thought to be working on decoy-firing missiles, but officials say the move is not in response to any specific threats, according to Defense One. Scroll down for video  The Pentagon has accelerated its plans to develop a Multi-Object Kill Vehicle – a warhead interceptor that can take out a missile and its decoys at the same time. A concept photo of the technology is pictured WHAT IS THE MOKV?  The Multi-Object Kill Vehicle would be able to take out several incoming warheads, or a warhead along with any decoys it releases - all at the same time. The ‘rational behind the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle program,’ is that ‘the more kill vehicles we can put on an interceptor, the greater raid capacity our Ground-based Midcourse Defense system will have,’ the Missile Defense Agency explained in a proposal last year. This technology could ultimately ‘revolutionize our missile defense architecture.’ ‘We have accelerated MOKV risk reduction and product development phases to achieve a demonstrated capability in the 2025 timeframe,’ an official from the Missile Defense Agency told Defense One in an email. It’s ‘not in response to any specific intelligence, but to stay ahead of potential future threats,’ the official said. The MDA awarded a $58.6 million, 35-month contract to Boeing last month to demonstrate the technology. This type of 'kill vehicle' would be able to take out several threats at a time - be it several warheads, or a warhead and its decoys, according to Defense One.   Just days ago, the Pentagon tested a Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptor at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The technology was used to disable a mock intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) launched above the Pacific Ocean. Footage of the test, which was hailed a success, reveals the moment the interceptor roared toward the fake warhead, before colliding into it in a flash of light and heat. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will... Can't place that face? Researchers reveal how facial... Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese... What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36... Share this article Share 40 shares But, as weapons capabilities continue to grow, the US government is working to stay on top of the advancing threats. This includes the possibility of missiles that can fire decoys to trick the interceptor, according to Defense One. The ‘rational behind the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle program,’ according to an MDA statement from last year, is that ‘the more kill vehicles we can put on an interceptor, the greater raid capacity our Ground-based Midcourse Defense system will have.’ This technology could ultimately ‘revolutionize our missile defense architecture.’ The MDA awarded a $58.6 million, 35-month contract to Boeing last month to demonstrate the technology. This type of 'kill vehicle' would be able to take out several threats at a time - be it several warheads, or a warhead and its decoys, according to Defense One The Pentagon is looking to see the MOKV program move into a new development phase, following an initial study contract in 2015 which had Boeing design and develop the contract. According to Boeing, the MOKB will increase the ability of interceptors to spot missiles heading toward the US, and destroy them mid-air. ‘Our MOKV concept gives the Missile Defense Agency flexibility in eliminating threats more efficiently and affordably,’ said Paul Geery, vice president, Mission Solutions, Phantom Works. ‘We’ve created a robust, resilient design that benefits from our extensive experience in advanced seekers.’ Read more: Pentagon Accelerates Work on Multi-Warhead Interceptor - Defense One www.mda.mil/glob... Share or comment on this article e-mail 40 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 61 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa 20 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is a First-Class Rise to $200 When factoring the possibility for incremental dividend increases and share repurchases, BA stock won’t lose altitude By Richard Saintvilus, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 2, 2017, 11:50 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Heading to $80 Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Stock Still Has Double-Digit Upside Is GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Headed Back to the High Road? Recent Posts: Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is a First-Class Rise to $200 Why First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock Is Going to $50 Is GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Headed Back to the High Road? View All Posts With some 44% returns in the past year, Chicago-based Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) continues to be a remarkable turnaround story. But with Dow component up some 20% year-to-date, there is now fear that BA stock has peaked. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr But it would be a mistake to part with this winner, especially given that defense spending was one of only three areas in President Trump’s budget proposal to see an increase. And plus, not only is Boeing coming off a solid first-quarter earnings beat, the world’s biggest plane-maker is posting higher cash flow, which should support Boeing’s buyback program and its increases in the dividend, which already yields a robust 3.05%. With these factors in mind, BA stock should reach $200 in the next 12 to 18 months. Reasons to Love BA Stock Boeing’s attractive combination of income and value should keep BA stock flying high for much of 2017. The company just raised its full-year earnings-per-share forecast to a range of $10.35 to $10.55 from a prior range of $10.25 to $10.45 per share. The company also raised its adjusted full-year outlook to $9.20 to $9.40 from a prior range of $9.10 to $9.30. Revenue is expected to range from $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. The company has already announced 198 net orders for first quarter, compared to just 121 last year. And the fact that Boeing believes it can achieve its delivery goals on a lower engineering headcount means more profits will trickle down to the bottom line. Why is the order inflow metric important? Boeing has begun to trim its headcount to offset declining revenue, which in the first-quarter declined 7.2% year-over-year to $20.98 billion, missing consensus estimates of $21.34 billion. In other words, the company needs to sell more plans to meet its profitability goals. And that’s what BA stock investors have come to understand. The fact that president Donald Trump’s administration continues to tout increased defense spending should bode well for aerospace and defense. The White House’s just-released $4.1 trillion budget proposal calls for an additional $25 billion in defense spending for next fiscal year, following a similar bump in the current budget. And to say nothing about the existing number of contracts Boeing already has with the Pentagon. Most recently, the company secured a $983 million deal from the U.S. Air Force to provide engineering support services. Boeing also won a modification foreign military sales contract valued at $488.1 million from the U.S. Army to re-manufacture 38 AH-64 Apache aircraft. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/boeing-co-ba-stock-first-class-rise-200/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories New Captive Law in Tennessee Illinois Workers’ Comp Measure News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Marsh Launches Non-Payment Insurance for Boeing Aircraft Financing June 2, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Marsh has launched the Aircraft Finance Insurance Consortium (AFIC), a non-payment insurance product designed for banks and capital market investors that are funding new aircraft purchases from Boeing. Available exclusively through Marsh, AFIC provides an alternative aircraft finance insurance product for new aircraft deliveries and is underwritten by four leading global insurance companies: Allianz, AXIS Capital, Sompo International (formerly Endurance), and Fidelis, said Marsh in a statement. The AFIC structure has already been used by a major international airline to support its financing of new Boeing 747 and 787 aircraft, the broker added. “AFIC can assist airlines globally in obtaining more efficient financing by utilizing insurance to protect the lender’s exposure to default for the duration of the loan,” Marsh explained, noting that the terms of this product can be tailored according to the individual purchase agreements made between Boeing, the airline and its financiers. “We believe that AFIC is a significant development in airline financing globally and will contribute to the growth and diversification of aircraft finance,” said Bruce Fine, global leader of AFIC for Marsh. “AFIC offers Boeing customers a wider range of financing options to facilitate the purchase of newer, more efficient aircraft to enhance their fleets, and lenders will be able to conduct new transactions with greater confidence,” he added. Source: Marsh Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: Agents & Brokers, Aircraft Finance Insurance Consortium (AFIC), Allianz, AXIS Capital, Boeing, Bruce Fine, Fidelis, Markets/Coverages, Marsh, non-payment insurance, Sompo International Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News ﻿Study: Expected Increase in Tornadoes Raises Risk to Mobile Homes ﻿Tourist Suing Planet Hollywood in Vegas for Mannequin Scare Injury ﻿4 in North Carolina Arrested for Damaging Roofs During Inspections ﻿Study: Comp Reform Led to Drop in Medical Payments Per Claim in California ﻿Tennessee Insurance Producer Fined $400K for Misappropriating Client Premiums ﻿Massachusetts Court Affirms How to Calculate Interest in Workers’ Comp Suit ﻿Georgia Supreme Court Upholds Ridesharing Law ﻿U.S. Supreme Court Sides With Kentucky Nursing Home in Arbitration CaseMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented According to the Computer, You'll Be Dead in 5 Years States May Seize U.S. Climate Change Leadership Following Trump's Paris Exit Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders High Agency Valuations 'Not a Fad,' MarshBerry Exec Tells Conference AmTrust Gets $300M Boost from CEO's Family AmTrust Gets $300M Boost from CEO's Family Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy High Agency Valuations 'Not a Fad,' MarshBerry Exec Tells Conference Why 27% of U.S. Firms Have No Plans to Buy Cyber Insurance According to the Computer, You'll Be Dead in 5 Years Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy | Comments (65) Trump Expected to End U.S. Participation in Paris Climate Pact | Comments (60) Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders | Comments (41) Will U.S. Go or Will It Stay in Paris Climate Accord? Trump Gets Conflicting Advice | Comments (23) 3 Fossil Fuel Groups Drop Bid to Join Teens' Climate Change Lawsuit | Comments (13) More Top Stories RIMS 2017 Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Insurance Association Director Talks About Autonomous Vehicle RegulationsListen Now Travelers' Drone Program Changes the Way Its Claims Reps Do BusinessWatch Now Editors and Contributors Randy Schwantz The Wedge: Top 7 Agency, Producers Problems Owners Should Solve Andrea Wells What to Know About Insuring Fairs, Festivals and Other Special Events Don Jergler Golden Bear Claims Manager Addresses Agency Fraud Douglas A. Powell Top 25: P/C Direct Premium Written Up 4 Percent in 2016 Quote of Note This so-called 'widow's penalty' is completely unfair.   More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Who stands to gain the most from shifting more flood insurance business to the private sector? Insurance Jobs Property and Casualty Licensed Insurance Agent - Manhattan Beach, 90266 SIU Case Manager – Liability - Chicago IL Sales Operations Analyst - Chicago IL Senior Placement Specialist / Team Leader - Chicago, IL Property & Casualty Client Coordinator - Deer Park IL Top 10 Technical Fouls to Avoid When Filing Environmental Claims Report: Agency Organic Growth Under Pressure What to Know About Underwriting Restaurants & Bars Carriers Turn to Agents As Auto Insurance Sales Stagnate: J.D. Power Selfies Add to Museum Hazards TWIA Says its Financially Sound for 2017 Hurricane Season Seacoast Roads Under New Threat From Rising Sea Level Massive Big Sur Landslide Added 13 Acres to Coast Jun 22 Your Work Comp Audit is Wrong - Welcome to the Club Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You Want Aug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me Cold Sep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits? Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close at all-time highs despite weak jobs report CNBC Fred Imbert 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Black unemployment at 7.5%, among black youth 27.3% Why you should care about May's job report Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Stocks higher despite jobs report miss CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT Stocks rose to record levels Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 190.23 +2.91 +1.55% CME Group Inc CME ▼ 116.93 -0.89 -0.76% Charles Schwab Corp SCHW ▼ 38.95 -0.75 -1.89% AdChoices The Dow closed 62 points higher, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time high, ending 0.37 percent higher. The Nasdaq outperformed, rising 0.94 percent to a record high. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors. Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Load Error Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. Treasury yields fell on the back of the jobs number, with the benchmark 10-year yield slipping to 2.16 percent; it also hit its lowest level since May 18 earlier in the session. The dollar also dropped against a batch of major currencies, with the dollar index slipping 0.43 percent to 96.78. In turn, the euro rose 0.53 percent to $1.127 against the U.S. currency. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 3h 6m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 3h 15m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 3h 16m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 4h 16m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 5h 34m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 5h 34m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 6h 5m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 6h 26m ago view all   Navy 'wish list' includes $2.7B for planes, but no ships By Ellen Mitchell - 06/02/17 01:11 PM EDT 13   © Getty Images The Navy wants 24 more aircraft but asks for no additional ships in its 2018 unfunded priorities list sent to lawmakers this week. The service’s biggest unmet requirement is $2.7 billion to acquire 24 more planes, including 10 F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet strike fighters, six P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft — both made by Boeing — four Lockheed Martin-made F-35C Joint Strike Fighters and four CMV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft, made by Bell and Boeing. The 48-item list, sent to lawmakers May 30, asks for a total of $4.8 billion for weapons, equipment, operations and maintenance and development efforts not included in the Navy’s $171.5 billion fiscal 2018 budget, which was released last month. ADVERTISEMENT The document does not include any ships, an unexpected development as the Navy has called for expanding the fleet to 355 vessels. A larger Navy fleet was a top defense issue for President Trump on the campaign trail. Several lawmakers have pressed for an additional littoral combat ships (LCS) in the budget — the Navy’s 2018 request only includes one — and the acting Navy acquisition chief, Allison Stiller, said last month that the White House is “supportive” of buying two ships.  The unfunded list does include $84 million for LCS lethality and survivability upgrades, $31 million to develop an over-the-horizon capability for the ships and $110 million for the Navy’s new LCS training facility at Naval Station Mayport in Florida. The list also include $312 million to buy five Textron-made ship-to-shore connectors. Congress asks for unfunded lists from each service on an annual basis. The documents help guide lawmakers as they work through the budget requests and form policy and spending bills.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 977 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 532 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 271 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 243 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 224 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 183 Shares 7 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 163 Shares 8 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 153 Shares 9 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 142 Shares 10 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 116 Shares 11 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 85 Shares 12 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 79 Shares 13 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 77 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 70 Shares 15 London mayor: I have more... London mayor Sadiq Khan's spokesperson responded to criticism from... 64 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News Jet deploys Boeing-777 plane on Delhi-Singapore route Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-07:19pm , PTI Jet Airways will now offer first class suites on daily flights between Delhi and Singapore as the airline has deployed a Boeing-777 jetliner on this route. The new aircraft with its three-class configuration commenced operating on the sector effective today, Jet Airways in a statement said. The switch-over from the existing 254-seater Airbus A330 -200 aircraft to 346-seater Boeing 777 also means that the airline will be able to fly 35 per cent more passengers and cater to increase in air traffic on this route. The aircraft provides eight first class suites, 30 lie- flat beds in premiere class and 308 economy class seats, according to the airline. "The deployment of the largest aircraft in its fleet will also allow Jet Airways to offer significantly larger cargo capacity, providing more flexibility in transporting various types of consignments, including perishables, pharmaceuticals, machinery and industrial goods between Delhi and Singapore," it said. Jet Airways operates flights to 65 domestic and international destinations with a fleet of 113 aircraft, comprising Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300, Next Generation Boeing 737s and ATR 72-500/600s. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business New benchmark bond seen in 6.65-6.75% range Business Nifty band may stretch past 9700 Business Innovating a tech-led approach to realty Business Linde-Praxair deal to stir industrial gases space in India Business CEO's Malaysia experience led to Mercedes-Benz cut price Business Govt moves to get clearer picture of India's job market Related All aboard! After SpiceJet, IndiGo and Jet Airways offer cheap airline tickets DNA Money Edit: SpiceJet, IndiGo plans signal confidence in Udan IndiGo to buy 50 ATR planes for $1.3 billion Zee Biz Originals View all Wipro chief Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17 Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Jet Airways Delhi Singapore Airbus A330-200 SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials Sport Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Toggle navigation NEWS Sections Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound Featured: Popular: Theresa May is right, “Enough is enough” - Time to stop ISIS terrorism Hindu leader urges next Prime Minister Leo Varadkar to end special position of Catholicism Leo Varadkar, Ireland’s first gay leader and an emigrant's son, sparks India celebration Tuam babies buried at Mother and Baby Home could be identified A heroic team, a remarkable story: Concern needs you OPINION Sections Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers Featured: Popular: Theresa May is right, “Enough is enough” - Time to stop ISIS terrorism Final destination - Ireland’s first crematorium at Shannon Texas ID check bill threatens immigrants and US democracy Dublin’s history best seen from street level John F Kennedy and how the Democrats lost the Irish American vote BUSINESS Sections Startups Influencers Featured: Popular: Irish Artificial Intelligence startup positions itself to rival Google and Amazon Delta taking off with direct Boston to Dublin flights this summer What you need to know about preparing for a job interview in Ireland Season 7 Game of Thrones released as Northern Ireland tourism continues to boom Irish startups given New York boost by Bank of Ireland ROOTS Sections History Genealogy Irish America Featured: Popular: Little known Irish facts: Churchill and Pope Francis both lived in Dublin Unpublished photograph of young Oscar Wilde found The Irish rebels who fought against the U.S. in the Mexican-American War Amazing tale of the Irish nun who survived the Hiroshima atomic bomb Top ten reasons why Ireland should become the 51st State TRAVEL Sections Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland Featured: Popular: Top 10 Irish attractions in NYC Dublin’s history best seen from street level A guide on moving to Ireland now that Trump had pulled out of the Paris Accord US photographer's magical love affair with Ireland Exciting new feature from Airbnb hits Dublin CULTURE Sections Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education Featured: Popular: 12-year-old Irish singer mesmerizes passersby on Dublin's Grafton Street Liam Neeson looks grey and gaunt in Deep Throat Nixon drama Secrets behind Guinness’ Irish Wheat Beer A guide on moving to Ireland now that Trump had pulled out of the Paris Accord The fool-proof guide to recognizing different Irish accents (VIDEO) Shop Jobs Search Subscribe Sign In facebook twitter instagram Close HOME NEWS All News Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound OPINION All Opinion Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers BUSINESS All Business Startups Influencers ROOTS All Roots History Genealogy TRAVEL All Travel Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland CULTURE All Culture Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education SHOP JOBS Norwegian Air CEO claims unions suppressing low-cost transatlantic flights Frances Mulraney @FrancesMulraney April 07, 2017 04:39 AM Print 12SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments The CEO of Norwegian Air Shuttle, Bjørn Kjos.Jim Anderson/Boeing Photographer/WikiCommons CEO of Norwegian Air Bjorn Kjos has slammed airlines and unions who attempted to put a stop to the expansion of the European airline’s transatlantic service. The Norwegian boss believes their vested interest in preserving status quo in transatlantic travel drove the long-established transatlantic airlines to try to suppress low-cost routes such as those now offered by his airline from Ireland. Until last December, Norwegian Air was entangled in a two-year stalemate with the US Department of Transportation over the airline's efforts to begin offering services between Ireland and the US. American politicians and unions consistently called on the government to deny Norwegian Air the necessary licenses to fly between the two countries and questioned the legitimacy of the Irish-based subsidiary Norwegian Air International, dubbing it a “flag of convenience.” The unions also claimed that Norwegian Air established the Irish subsidiary in order “to use flight crews employed under contracts governed by the laws of various Asian countries, including Singapore and Thailand.” The airline blasted this claim as fear-mongering and denied that employees would be sourced from Asia. “They hate competition. They hate low fares. Politicians shouldn’t listen to them. They should listen to consumers,” Kjos stated. The decision to award a foreign carrier permit to Norwegian Air International came in December 2016, more than two years after the airline had first applied. The US Department of Transportation issued a tentative decision last April granting the license, but pushback from US unions and politicians caused further delays. The European Commission had already officially begun arbitration proceedings against the United States government when the decision to grant the license was announced late last year. The Commission believed the delay in granting the license was a breach of the Open Skies Agreement, a US-EU treaty that allows EU-registered airlines to fly to the US from anywhere in Europe. Read more: Large majority of Irish support Norwegian Air Cork to US flight plans Unions continued to fight the decision into the new year, however, calling on then President-elect Trump to overturn the transportation department’s approval of the routes. “The new administration should immediately move to reverse the DOT’s decision regarding Norwegian Air International and revoke or suspend the foreign air carrier permit,” stated the US Air Line Pilots’ Association, reiterating again their claim that employees would be brought in by Norwegian Air under Asian contracts. Speaking in London this week, Kjos said that these groups are not taking the wishes of customers into consideration, also casting doubt on what he calls the “legacy” airlines’ ability to create low-cost transatlantic fares. “The consumer is always right. They want to travel for low fares and spend their money in the US or Europe. Don’t listen to groups who are trying to preserve an old-fashioned regime. “You don’t get a low-cost airline by painting the aircraft. A lot of carriers have tried that in the past. It doesn’t work,” he continued, referring to the recent establishment of Level, a subsidiary of IAG flying transatlantic from Barcelona using Iberia flight crew. Norwegian Air initially submitted their foreign carrier permit application hoping to be the first to offer transatlantic flights from Cork airport, a service they felt was greatly missing, and one that was welcomed by many in Ireland. Due to the delays in acquiring their license, Norwegian Air was beaten to the post by Icelandic low-budget carrier Wow Air. Wow Air announced flights between Cork and Reykjavik from where passengers could transfer to the airline's low-cost flights to the US. Norwegian Air was still the first to offer a direct flight from Cork Airport to the US, however. Read more: Norwegian Air sells a record 5,000 seats to Ireland in six hours Norwegian Air International will now fly from Belfast, Cork, Shannon, and Dublin to Providence Rhode Island, which is near Boston, Hartford, Connecticut; and Stewart International at Newburgh, NY, which is, about 90 minutes by road from New York City. While these are not major airports, Kjos explains that they were chosen in order to cut costs for the customer while still offering up to 24 flights to/from the US each week.   “It has incredibly low operating costs. We fly it into very low-cost airports. Then you are not paying heavy charges, so we can offer the tickets for much, much less,” Kjos said. Passengers can expect prices to average $300 to $350 round-trip, Lars Sande, senior vice president of sales at Norwegian told the Boston Herald.   A record 5,000 seats were sold by Norwegian Air within six hours in February 2017 when they first announced their new services between Ireland and America. Fares are advertised as fares as available for as little as $300 round trip, but, some passengers were disappointed with the additional costs, such as checking a bag, that are not included in the quoted price. Passengers will face additional fees for checked luggage ($45 for the first bag, $50 for a second), meal service including alcoholic beverages ($30) and a reserved specific seat ($30). They can also pay a $70 bundled fee for a checked bag, meal and specific seat or they can go without any amenities, food, and no checked bag, only hand baggage. H/T: Independent.co.uk 12SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments Most Popular Most Recent Travel A guide on moving to Ireland now that Trump had pulled out of the Paris Accord Politics Leo Varadkar, Ireland’s first gay leader and an emigrant's son, sparks India celebration Entertainment 12-year-old Irish singer mesmerizes passersby on Dublin's Grafton Street Politics Hindu leader urges next Prime Minister Leo Varadkar to end special position of Catholicism Niall O'Dowd Theresa May is right, “Enough is enough” - Time to stop ISIS terrorism Niall O'Dowd Theresa May is right, “Enough is enough” - Time to stop ISIS terrorism Politics Hindu leader urges next Prime Minister Leo Varadkar to end special position of Catholicism Entertainment Liam Neeson looks grey and gaunt in Deep Throat Nixon drama Other Writers Final destination - Ireland’s first crematorium at Shannon Politics Leo Varadkar, Ireland’s first gay leader and an emigrant's son, sparks India celebration Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top of Page Search IrishCentral Search © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved. Basics Authors Topics About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Register Sitemap Sections News Opinion Business Roots Travel Culture IrishCentral Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Follow Us facebook twitter google-plus linked-in rss instagram © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Insight Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Malcolm Mayes editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Edmonton Oilers Cult of Hockey NHL Edmonton Oil Kings Junior Hockey Football All Football Edmonton Eskimos CFL NFL Local Sports Curling Soccer All Soccer MLS International Soccer Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Baseball Golf Tennis Business All Business Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Capital Ideas Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Festivals What's On Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local food reviews Recipes Taste Alberta Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Parenting Relationships Royals Travel All Travel Ski & Snowboard Puzzles & Comics Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Opinion Editorials |Featured: Wildfire anniversary Oilers playoffs What's happening at City Hall The Press Gallery Cappies reviews TV listings Rogers Place | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News A welcome home: The last frontier of ending homelessness Editorials Malcolm Mayes cartoons for June 2017 Columnists Paula Simons: Travelling hate circus staged anti-Syrian protest in Red ... Politics David Staples: New Social Studies curriculum pushes social change, not ... 5 / 5 Editorial: Does Trudeau have Alberta's back? Edmonton Journal Editorial Board More from Edmonton Journal Editorial Board Published on: June 2, 2017 | Last Updated: June 2, 2017 6:00 AM MDT B.C. NDP leader John Horgan and B.C. Green party leader Andrew Weaver sign an agreement on creating a stable minority government during a press conference in the Hall of Honour at Legislature in Victoria, B.C., on Tuesday, May 30, 2017. CHAD HIPOLITO / THE CANADIAN PRESS Share Adjust Comment Print Like a big brother pulling bullies off of baby sister on the playground, the Trudeau government jumped headlong into a couple of cross-border trade scraps this week. For a softwood lumber industry under threat by a protectionist Donald Trump, the Liberals unveiled an $867-million aid package, including loans and loan guarantees for forestry firms and agreements to limit job losses. Ottawa is easing the pain for forestry companies whose bottom lines are now being gnawed at by countervailing U.S. duties applied April 28. And three months after lending Bombardier $372.5-million in its latest government cash infusion, the feds came out swinging against rival aircraft maker Boeing. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan wielded Ottawa’s purchase of Boeing fighter jets like a multibillion-dollar blackjack to persuade the company to drop its trade complaint against the Montreal firm. Nice Super Hornets you got here. Wouldn’t want anything to happen to them. Given these freshly minted precedents of federal intervention, is it too much to hope the government will focus those instincts toward Alberta’s oilpatch, once the country’s economic engine, now sputtering because of depressed crude prices and lack of overseas market access?  Despite tens of thousands of lost jobs, a hobbled economy and drained government coffers, Ottawa has not rushed to help Alberta as swiftly as previous regimes have rescued, say, Ontario’s auto industry in 2009 with a $9-billion bailout — not that the oilpatch has ever asked. The best the Trudeau government has done to assist Alberta’s energy industry was to sign off on Kinder Morgan’s Trans Mountain and Enbridge’s Line 3 pipeline projects, and only after lengthy and exhaustive approval processes and hard-won social licence gained through the pain of Notley government’s climate plan. But the Edmonton-to-Burnaby Trans Mountain project is now threatened by the anti-oil axis of British Columbia’s NDP and Green parties — who sit on the other extreme of the political spectrum from Trump — but are ideologues all the same when it comes to their indifference to the practical realities of managing an economy, providing jobs, reducing interprovincial trade barriers and keeping capital from fleeing the market. To his credit, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has reiterated his support for Trans Mountain but unlike standing up to trade foes in foreign countries, he risks a political firestorm in B.C. if he wields both his suasion and the legal powers at his disposal to see the Trans Mountain project through. Time will tell whether his government has the backbone to stand by a project that’s in the best interests of Canada when the fight gets really tough. Local editorials are the consensus opinion of the Journal’s editorial board, comprising Mark Iype, Dave Breakenridge, Sarah O’Donnell, Bill Mah and David Evans. Editorial: Scheer's win raises more questions than it answers Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Opinion Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Submit A Letter Click here to send us your letter. Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Latest National News Mount Royal graduate Chrissy Archibald killed in London terror attack ‘It’s like walking up glass’: Climber conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan without ropes or safety equipment ‘The bloke on the right isn’t spilling a drop’: Man hailed for fleeing London terror ... Latest Posts David Khan voted in as next Alberta Liberal leader Training camp curse? Eskimos running back says injuries are just part of football New $5.96-million city police chopper to take flight this summer Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here, Latest Local News David Khan voted in as next Alberta Liberal leader New $5.96-million city police chopper to take flight this summer RCMP officer awarded for work with aboriginal, Métis community Even Downward Dog allowed during Edmonton cafe's laid-back cat yoga × Share Editorial: Does Trudeau have Alberta's back? Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Insight Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Malcolm Mayes editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Football Local Sports Curling Soccer Basketball Baseball Golf Tennis Business All Business Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Capital Ideas Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Festivals What's On Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Puzzles & Comics © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Contact Us My Subscription Edit Profile Subscribe ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests NIE Properties Canada.com Calgary Herald Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article CARLSBAD, Calif., June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is pleased to announce the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Approximately 29 minutes after liftoff, the ViaSat-2 mission was underway with the satellite separating from the launch vehicle. First signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter through a ground station at Hassan, India. In the coming days, ViaSat-2 will start orbit raising with its chemical propulsion system, followed by solar array deployments, and will then switch over to its electric propulsion system to complete orbit raising over the coming months. ViaSat expects it will take several months for ViaSat-2 to reach its final orbital destination, located at 69.9° west longitude. ViaSat Inc. announced the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Mark Dankberg, ViaSat's chairman and CEO commented, "Today's successful launch is a momentous event in ViaSat's history. It represents the culmination of hard work, dedication and commitment to technical excellence from across the ViaSat team. We also want to recognize our launch team partners, Boeing and Arianespace, for their support and collaboration in helping us successfully launch ViaSat-2." ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. ViaSat-2 is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Dankberg continued, "The innovations in our ViaSat-2 spacecraft and underlying network will enable us to be one step closer to connecting the world, and delivering new higher speed fixed and mobility services that will continue to compete with traditional broadband services." "Arianespace is excited to have delivered for ViaSat!  We are proud to have launched one of the world's most advanced telecommunications satellites, ViaSat-2, safely to orbit. Great things are in store for our friends at ViaSat," said Stéphane Israël, CEO of Arianespace. "We are honored that ViaSat has put their trust in Boeing to build and deliver their next-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, a high-power 702 satellite with advanced capabilities that will help ViaSat connect millions around the world through high-speed broadband service," said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ:  VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access - anywhere - whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company's innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-successfully-launched-300467789.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Related Links http://www.viasat.com 01 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 May, 2017, 11:15 ET ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT 31 May, 2017, 11:15 ET ViaSat-2: Ready for Launch on June 1 from the Guiana Space Center Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Carriers and Services Wireless Communications Corporate Expansion You just read: ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Qatar Airways to offer Inmarsat inflight Broadband Qatar Airways to offer next generation Inmarsat GX Aviation in-flight broadband service   Five star onboard wi-fi for five star global airline Qatar Airways   First Middle East airline to announce selection of best-in-market solution, which will be offered to passengers on board its flagship aircraft   2 June 2017: Inmarsat (ISAT.L), the world’s leading provider of global mobile satellite communications, announced today that Qatar Airways has become the first Middle East megacarrier to select its advanced new GX Aviation in-flight broadband solution.   In a landmark agreement, the next-generation service will initially be available to Qatar Airways passengers on board more than 130 aircraft, consisting of Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s.   GX Aviation technology has already been equipped on Qatar Airways’ latest Airbus A350s; installations on the airline’s remaining Airbus A350s, together with the Boeing 777s, will commence on a retrofit basis from this summer.   GX Aviation is the world’s first in-flight connectivity solution with reliable, seamless high-speed global coverage provided through a single operator. It allows airline passengers to browse the internet, stream videos, check social media and more during flights, with an on board connectivity experience on par with broadband services available on the ground.   Leo Mondale, President of Inmarsat Aviation, said: „Qatar Airways is one of the world’s most successful, fastest growing and in-demand airlines, with an unwavering focus on providing the best service possible. It has offered Inmarsat’s SwiftBroadband connectivity solution for over five years now. However, with our next generation GX Aviation service now live, its upgrade to true broadband on more than 130 aircraft initially will ensure passengers have access to consistent, reliable and high-speed connectivity wherever they fly.   „Qatar Airways considered all available options in the connectivity market and selected Inmarsat due to our unique infrastructure, proven aerospace partners, and committed long-term development strategy. Broadband transformation on the ground is already well advanced and we are able to transfer that into the very challenging in-flight environment, working with Qatar Airways to make connectivity a success. Our networks are engineered with multiple layers for redundancy and global coverage. Our design philosophy is to scale up capacity over time to fit the route systems of our airline customers and reflect the industry’s real needs.”   Qatar Airways’ rollout of GX Aviation-equipped aircraft is scheduled to commence this summer. The service will integrate with Qatar Airways’ award-winning in-flight entertainment system and ensure that connectivity initiatives, such as its passenger app and aircraft technology, will be strengthened using dependable in-flight broadband. GX Aviation also complements the airline’s latest passenger experience innovations, including its unique and revolutionary new Qsuite premium travel experience.   His Excellency Mr. Akbar Al Baker, Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive, said: „Qatar Airways prides itself on assessing and understanding the latest market innovations, demonstrating over and over again our ability to ride and guide trends in passenger preferences. By partnering with Inmarsat, we are confident that Qatar Airways will meet the highest expectations in the industry for in-flight broadband services, and avail of the many other new opportunities powered by connectivity.”   Qatar Airways will connect to the GX network using exclusive high-efficiency JetWave terminals produced by Inmarsat partner Honeywell Aerospace. The terminals are designed for ease of installation and maintenance to assure the lowest downtime for any cabin connectivity solution in the market.   The selection of GX Aviation follows a separate announcement that Qatar Airways has activated an advanced new space-based system, supplied by Inmarsat, to track all of its flights across the world. Inmarsat worked exclusively with Qatar Airways to develop this cutting-edge solution, which utilises Inmarsat’s market-leading satellite technology to provide the exact real-time location of the airline’s aircraft in latitude and longitude.   ENDS     Investors                                                      Media Rob Gurner                                           Jonathan Sinnatt (Corporate Communications) +44 (0)20 7728 1518                             +44 (0)20 7728 1935 Rob.gurner@inmarsat.com                      jonathan.sinnatt@inmarsat.com                                                            Robeel Haq (Inmarsat Aviation)                                                           +44 (0)20 7728 1352                                                           robeel.haq@inmarsat.com     About Inmarsat Inmarsat plc is the leading provider of global mobile satellite communications services. Since 1979, Inmarsat has been providing reliable voice and high-speed data communications to governments, enterprises and other organizations, with a range of services that can be used on land, at sea or in the air. Inmarsat operates around the world, with a presence in the major ports and centres of commerce on every continent. Inmarsat is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ISAT.L). For more information, please visit www.inmarsat.com.    The Inmarsat press release newsfeed and corporate updates are on @InmarsatGlobal. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Annual results for period ended 31 December 2016 Next PostNext Talvivaara Mining Company Plc: The Helsinki District Court has given its ruling on the disclosure case Search Recent Posts Global Magnetic Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Calcitriol (CAS 32222-06-3) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Optical Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Australia’s Prescription Painkiller Epidemic Income Becomes the First Insurer in Singapore to use IBM Watson Explorer to improve the efficiency of pre- and post-IncomeShield claims Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Lufthansa weighs slowing deliveries of 777X in blow to Boeing Friday June 2, 2017 01:09 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar The Edit: Humble pint glass becomes symbol of London’s defiance ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Lufthansa says reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline. — Reuters picFRANKFURT, June 2 — Deutsche Lufthansa AG is considering stretching out deliveries of Boeing Co’s new 777X aircraft, concerned about the cost and size of the big jet as managers review the airline’s fleet needs. A decision on the new timeline is “urgent” and could be reached by September, according to an internal video presentation by Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr. The German airline may take additional Airbus SE A350 planes, which carry fewer passengers than the 400-seat Boeing jet. “I’m not sure if we’ve really ordered enough A350s and possibly too many 777Xs,” Spohr said at a staff meeting, a replay of which was seen by Bloomberg. “We must now think about either stretching the 777X in a deal with Boeing to let them come in more slowly, or increasing profitability to finance our overdue fleet investments.” The move would be a blow to Boeing, which signed up Lufthansa as a launch customer for the 777X. The Chicago-based company has a backlog for the model worth about US$125 billion (RM535 billion) at list prices, with orders concentrated among airlines that have hit market turbulence recently. Carriers in the Persian Gulf, where low oil prices are damping economies and sapping demand for travel, account for more than three-quarters of the 306 orders. Deliveries for the 777X — a new version of Boeing’s existing 777 aircraft that will be the industry’s largest-ever twin-engine jetliner — are due to start in 2020. Lufthansa spokesman Andreas Bartels said reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline and that the company won’t comment on internal discussions. Boeing shares fell 0.3 per cent to US$187 at 1.05pm in New York. That pared the stock’s gain this year to 20 per cent, valuing the manufacturer at US$113 billion. Demand for big twin-aisle aircraft has weakened since Lufthansa placed an order for the Boeing model in 2013, under Spohr’s predecessor. Cheaper fuel and an industrywide glut of smaller, relatively young wide-body planes have upended the economics that had favored larger models for long-range flying. Slowing output Any deferrals or cancellations would add to concerns about the future of the 777, Boeing’s second-largest source of profit. The US manufacturer is slowing production of current versions as it encounters weaker sales and prepares to build test planes for the next-generation variant, Boeing’s most expensive commercial plane. Boeing spokesman Daniel Mosely declined to comment on potential talks with Lufthansa. The airline, which has its main hubs in Frankfurt and Munich, is grappling with a shifting aviation market that may have made parts of its orders for 205 aircraft out of step with current trends. Carriers like Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA are ramping up cut-rate trans-Atlantic services using long-range narrow-bodies or fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing’s twin-aisle 787 Dreamliner. Based on list prices, Lufthansa’s order book translates into average spending of €3.9 billion (RM18.7 billion) a year through 2025. That compares with a budget for about €2.5 billion in annual capital expenditure. The US$408.8 million 777X would eat up almost all of that, but remains necessary to replace older four-engine aircraft, the CEO said. Cutting Costs Spohr’s message, delivered in March, may also have been intended to motivate Lufthansa managers to cut costs. He argued that meager profitability has caused the airline to under-invest in its fleet for two decades. The German carrier’s aircraft were 11.3 years old on average last year, compared with 5.25 years at Dubai-based Emirates airline and 5.5 years at Dublin-based discount carrier Ryanair Holdings Plc. The ageing fleet has left Lufthansa with the highest fuel expenses of any airline in Europe, as it operates almost 100 four-engine gas guzzlers. That includes the largest global fleet of Airbus A340s, a model that has long been out of production. While Lufthansa has 20 777Xs on firm order plus another 14 options, according to Boeing’s order book, it has just 25 A350s due for delivery. The Airbus plane, which seats 293 people and costs about US$100 million less, is interesting for long-haul routes frequented by fewer passengers, reducing the need to bundle traffic at large hubs. These capabilities could make long-haul services from Dusseldorf, Hamburg and Berlin viable for Lufthansa’s Eurowings budget subsidiary, Spohr said. Lufthansa has also indicated that it may lease a larger proportion of its fleet and buy more used models to curb expenditures. The carrier said last month that it will replace most of the long-haul planes flown by its Belgian arm and opt for used aircraft. “Generally speaking, there for sure will be good deals in the coming years,” Spohr said in the video. “Airbus and Boeing have sold far too many aircraft to the Gulf.” Other strategies for passenger operations outlined by Spohr included: New business-class cabin slated for future long-haul planes beginning with the 777X won’t be retrofitted onto aircraft currently in fleet A possible “business-plus” cabin rather than a first class on some 777X aircraft On European routes, potential introduction of a so-called ultra-light fare cheaper than its current lowest-cost “light” pricing segment. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes Pound falls after London terror attacks raise political tensions World Bank still sees global growth picking up amid policy risks Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Oil subdued as rising US output undermines Opec effort to cut supply Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Bursa to be firmer next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Lufthansa expands Asia network with Cathay Pacific tie-up Nearly all Berlin flights cancelled due to strike (VIDEO) ABC News: Lufthansa flight to Germany diverted to NYC after threat More than 800 Lufthansa flights grounded as pilots resume strike Lufthansa scraps 900 flights today as pilots extend strike Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation News: Jeppesen Helps Enhance Pilot Safety by Sponsoring EAA AirVenture Pilot Proficiency Center Programs Englewood, Colo. | 01 Jun 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, will be promoting pilot safety by sponsoring Pilot Proficiency Center programs at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017. Jeppesen will help EAA emphasize the importance of pilot proficiency, efficiency and safety through Tech Talks presentations, which will be held in the Pilot Proficiency Center located at EAA Four Corners, just west of Boeing Plaza. “We are proud to support EAA in their mission to enhance pilot safety and increase awareness of current best practices through the Pilot Proficiency Center,” said Reggie Arsenault, director, Jeppesen General Aviation Client Management. “These programs are essential to achieve our shared goal of providing pilots with all of the essential information they need to safely take to the skies.”   Jeppesen is also helping sponsor several EAA AirVenture web pages including: Understanding Oshkosh Air Traffic Control, Ground Operations, International and Commercial arrivals, Weather and Fuel Services. Additionally, 2017 marks the 25th anniversary of the Young Eagles program, which was developed in 1992 and has provided more than 2 million young people ages 8-17 an introduction to the world of personal aviation. To honor the Young Eagles 25th anniversary, Jeppesen is designing and producing a commemorative chart, as well as hosting the Gathering of Eagles Grand Reception. “EAA AirVenture has always been a place of learning and discovery,” said Dave Chaimson, vice president of Marketing and Business Development. “With hundreds of forums taking place throughout the week, we are happy to do our part to support the sharing of flight safety and awareness to pilots coming to Oshkosh.” Jeppesen also supports year round EAA initiatives, including the sponsorship of the new Chapter Video Magazine and eNewsletter that celebrate the “Spirit of EAA” and incorporate segments of project patrols, volunteer spotlights and news from EAA headquarters. Jeppesen is also sponsoring IMC and VMC club programs which help promote pilot proficiency in instrument and non-instrument rated flying. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About EAA AirVenture Oshkosh EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is the “World’s Greatest Aviation Celebration” and EAA’s yearly membership convention. Additional EAA AirVenture information, including advance ticket and camping purchase, is available online at www.eaa.org/airventure. EAA members receive lowest prices on admission rates. For more information on EAA and its programs, call 1-800-JOIN-EAA (1-800-564-6322) or visit www.eaa.org. Immediate news is available at www.twitter.com/EAA. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trump Pulls Out of Paris Climate Agreement Next PostNext Univision Local Media Joins the Sinclair and Nexstar Consortium to Promote Broadcast Spectrum Aggregation, Innovation and Monetization Search Recent Posts biOasis Technologies Inc. (BIOAF: OTCQB) | biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders A New Foil Baking Tray from an Aluminum Foil Manufacturing and Supplying Company Is Available Now Dialysis Catheters Market Growing at a CAGR of 3.52% During 2017 to 2021 Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com Without safeguarding oceans, achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will be impossible Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool—Easily Make Deluxe Animated Slideshow Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sunday, June 4 , 2017, 9:33 pm | Fair 59º Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube     MENU My Noozhawk Subscribe Text Alerts Hawks Club Submit Your News Contact Us Meet the Team About Noozhawk Advertise Sponsorship Application Terms of Use Privacy Policy Local News Local News Bill Macfadyen A.M. Report Archive Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Salute to Nurses News Grid News Releases Photo of the Day Locals Only Videos UCSB Special Reports Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Salute to Nurses El Niño Prescription for Abuse Safety Net Series Santa Barbara Challenge Missing Pets Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Your Health Health Videos Salute to Nurses Sports Sports Outdoors Allison Moehlis Outdoors Outdoors Capt. David Bacon Ray Ford Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Sports Carrie Wilson Business Business BizHawk Scott Campbell John Haan Sanford Horowitz Chris Jones Travis Logue Talking Law Connected Life Schools Schools ParentNooz Activity Listings Bill Cirone Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Santa Barbara High School Forge Santa Barbara High School MAD Academy ParentNooz ParentNooz Activity Listings First 5 Lee Littlewood Ben Romo Alana Walczak Multimedia Photo Galleries Locals Only Videos Nonprofits Nonprofits Good for Santa Barbara iSociety Ken Saxon Cynder Sinclair Sponsorship Application iSociety iSociety Good for Santa Barbara Nonprofits Sponsorship Application Homes & Lifestyle Homes & Lifestyle Weekly Home Showcase Lisa Amador Rona Barrett Brian Burke First 5 Judy Foreman Susan Miles Gulbransen Laurie Jervis Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Collin McShirley Louise Palanker Donna Polizzi Ben Romo Tracy Shawn Karen Telleen-Lawton Alana Walczak Arts Cinema in Focus Jeff Moehlis Danny Tyree Calendar Opinions Opinions Letters to the Editor Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Michael Barone Lou Cannon Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink Christine Flowers Peter Funt Brian Goebel Joe Guzzardi David Harsanyi Tam Hunt Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Ron Paul Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Mark Shields Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Ken Williams Columnists Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Lisa Amador Capt. David Bacon Rona Barrett Brian Burke Scott Campbell Lou Cannon Catholic Church of the Beatitudes Cinema in Focus Bill Cirone Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink First 5 Christine Flowers Ray Ford Judy Foreman Peter Funt Brian Goebel Susan Miles Gulbransen Joe Guzzardi John Haan David Harsanyi Sanford Horowitz Tam Hunt Laurie Jervis Chris Jones Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Lee Littlewood Travis Logue Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Collin McShirley Allison Moehlis Jeff Moehlis Louise Palanker Ron Paul Donna Polizzi Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Ben Romo Ken Saxon Tracy Shawn Mark Shields Cynder Sinclair Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Talking Law Karen Telleen-Lawton Danny Tyree Alana Walczak Ken Williams Carrie Wilson Home Local News Schools Sports Business Nonprofits Arts Homes & Lifestyle Your Health     Business Posted on June 3, 2017 | 9:00 a.m. Business Symposium Focuses on Managing Change Source: Mike Gibson for Andre, Morris & Buttery Share on email Share on print Employee-retention expert Sharon Jordan-Evans, entrepreneur and media pioneer Stanley Fields, and former Major League Baseball prospect Matt Imhof will offer perspectives on effectively managing change at this year’s Central Coast Business Symposium. Hosted by Andre, Morris & Buttery and created to provide local leaders with ideas for improving businesses and the community, the event will be 2:30-5:30 p.m. Thursday, June 15, at Clark Center for the Performing Arts, 487 Fair Oaks Ave., Arroyo Grande. Jordan-Evans, author of two Wall Street Journal best-sellers, will discuss how to retain talent in an ever-changing workforce. Jordan-Evans has worked with Fortune 500 companies including American Express, Boeing, Disney and Sony. Her latest book, Love It, Don’t Leave It: 26 Ways to Get What You Want at Work, has been translated into 15 languages. Fields is the founder, CEO and CFO of United News International, a pioneering media organization that has garnered a billion views on Facebook. An entrepreneur and capitalist with 30 years of experience identifying marketing opportunities, Fields will discuss the sweeping changes in the media landscape that have created uncertainty and eroded trust, and how businesses need to adjust to this situation. Imhof, a standout pitcher at Cal Poly, was drafted in 2014 by the Philadelphia Phillies and on track to pitch in the Big Leagues when a devastating accident left him blind in one eye. Imhof will tell his inspiring story about how he decided not to dwell on his misfortune, but use that experience to start an exciting new career path. The invitation-only event is co-sponsored by Barnett Cox & Associates, Coastal Reprographic Services, Glenn Burdette, Morris & Garritano Insurance Services, Pacific Premiere Bank, Presqu’ile Winery, and Thoma Electric. Seats for sponsor guests can be reserved before June 10 at amblaw.com/symposium2017. Andre, Morris & Buttery has offices in San Luis Obispo and Santa Maria. — Mike Gibson for Andre, Morris & Buttery. Share on email Share on print   Ask Vote Investigate Answer Noozhawk Asks: What’s Your Question? Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers. Here’s how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we’ll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic. We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk’s objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it. The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered. Thanks for asking! Click here to get started > Support Noozhawk Today You are an important ally in our mission to deliver clear, objective, high-quality professional news reporting for Santa Barbara, Goleta and the rest of Santa Barbara County. Join the Hawks Club today to help keep Noozhawk soaring. We offer four membership levels: $5 a month, $10 a month, $25 a month or $1 a week. Payments can be made through PayPal below, or click here for information on recurring credit-card payments. Thank you for your vital support. Red-Tailed Hawk : $5.00 USD - monthly Cooper's Hawk : $10.00 USD - monthly Red-Shouldered Hawk : $25.00 USD - monthly Birds of a Feather : $52.00 USD - yearly VIEW COMMENTS > Daily Noozhawk Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors. Sign Up Now > Most Shared Latest Posts 1. Joe Guzzardi: As Sanctuary City Defunding Nears, California Steps Up Criticism… - June 4, 2017 | 5:30 p.m. 2. Jamie Stiehm: Playing the Part of President, Donald Trump Falling Down on World… - June 4, 2017 | 5:15 p.m. 3. 227 Elderberry Drive, Goleta 93117 - June 4, 2017 | 3:40 p.m. 4. 256 Las Entradas Drive, Montecito 93108 - June 4, 2017 | 3:25 p.m. 5. Former UCSB Star Tori Tsolis Sets Women’s Elite Record in State Street Mile - June 4, 2017 | 2:43 p.m. Facebook Noozhawk Homes Powered by Chicago Title and Fidelity National Title -- Weekly Home Showcase 2198 Veloz Drive, Santa Barbara 93108 915 Canyon Ridge Road, Solvang 93463   More Homes >     Home About Us What We Do Meet the Team Contact Us Want to Work? Hawks Club Terms of Use Privacy Policy Services Advertise Subscribe Text Alerts Donate Make Noozhawk Your Home Page Affiliates Authentically Local Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Contact Submit Your News Advertise Sponsorship Application Have a Question?     © Malamute Ventures LLC 2007-2017 | ISSN No. 1947-6086 Noozhawk is a founding member of the national Authentically Local project for independent online media. Site design and development by Hop Studios  
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Seattle Wants To Be Ready For A Nuclear Attack From North Korea Seattle Wants To Be Ready For A Nuclear Attack From North Korea Duration: 00:40s - Published: 3 weeks ago< > Embed Seattle wants to be ready if North Korea launched a nuclear attack. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Seattle Wants To Be Ready For A Nuclear Attack From North Korea Seattle wants to be ready if North Korea launched a nuclear attack. Seattle’s got the largest stockpile of nukes in the world. It’s sitting on roughly 1,300 nuclear warheads. The city is also home to tech giants, Amazon, Boeing and Microsoft. That makes it a prime target. Now, there’s a law on the books in Washington State that prevents planning for a nuclear attack. It allows for evacuation plans for every disaster scenario...except a nuclear bomb. There’s now a bill in the works to change that The state's top emergency planner says the law’s is not a big deal. Now, military experts say North Korea is about three years away from actually being able to hit the west coast with a nuke. Recent related news U.S. showing signs of unleashing 'nuclear war': North Korea[North Korea], June 03 (ANI): North Korea has slammed the United States' successful intercontinental... Sify 1 day ago - IndiaAlso reported by •ANI News •DNA North Korea warns US to reconsider military movesNorth Korea told the U.S. Thursday to withdraw its military assets from the region, warning via... Raw Story 3 days ago - US Russia says North Korea nukes are a ‘direct threat’SINGAPORE (AP) — North Korea’s nuclear ambitions are threatening to Russia, a Russian official... Seattle Times 8 hours ago - Front PageAlso reported by •FOXNews.com Pentagon chief turns up heat on North Korea and ChinaSINGAPORE (AP) " U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis turned up the heat on North Korea and its main... New Zealand Herald 9 hours ago - World Any China sanctions on North Korea over nuclear programme unlikely to be severeAny additional sanctions by China on North Korea over its nuclear weapons programme are likely to be... S.China Morning Post 4 days ago - Asia-Pacific US: China Puts Pressure on Border With North KoreaChinese officials have told the U.S. that they’ve tightened inspections and policing along the... VOA News 1 week ago - Health You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Ariana Grande Cristiano Ronaldo Rafael Nadal LeBron James Current Topics After London London Bridge French Open Manchester Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
We noticed you’re using an ad blocker. Support NCRM and help us reduce our dependence on advertising — become an NCRM Champion! News News Politics Marriage Equality Discrimination Culture Women’s Rights Immigration International Opinion About Menu + Become a Champion Log in Source: Twitter Advertisement Vladimir Putin Calls on Corporate America to Help Trump ‘on Behalf of Russia’ by Ryan Williams-Jent June 03, 2017 2:48 PM “Help us Restore Normal Political Dialogue” Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go At the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin implored executives from major U.S. companies to help Donald Trump. “Help us restore normal political dialogue. I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side,” Putin said, “help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration.” CNN reported that the audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Phillip Morris and Honeywell. CNN Moscow bureau producer Emma Burrows recorded the event: #Putin walks into Forum on US-Russia business... pic.twitter.com/AUsYTnSTbe — Emma Burrows (@EJ_Burrows) June 2, 2017 At end of session on US Russia business, Putin begged the audience to help Russia & #Trump restore relations. Some in audience applauded pic.twitter.com/6XaHJyceLt — Emma Burrows (@EJ_Burrows) June 2, 2017 Putin VIDEO: "Help us restore normal political dialogue. I ask you on behalf of Russia...help the newly elected president" #Trump pic.twitter.com/p0HCnddS89 — Emma Burrows (@EJ_Burrows) June 2, 2017 CNN further reported that Putin discussed lost economic opportunities between the United States and Russia at the forum, with trade in goods between the countries falling over 40% between 2014 and 2016. He said that the loss “harms everyone” and that Russia is “ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation.” Putin insisted that he and Donald Trump “don’t know each other,” but that he views him as “a straight-forward, sincere man,” one that “you can’t really classify… as a traditional politician.” “This is a person with a fresh view of things,” the Russian President said. The comments came just one day after Putin suggested “patriotic hackers” from Russia may have meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and amidst the FBI investigation into the Trump administration’s possible collusion with Russian officials during the campaign. To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page.   Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go tags: News, Politics, Russia, Donald Trump, vladimir putin Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go Advertisement David Recommends NCRM's Official Statement on Donald Trump The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code More from around the web News Op-Ed: Trump Ignored More Than ‘Just’ Pride Month, He Ignored It After Marriage Equality and Pulse News London Mayor’s Spokesperson: ‘More Important Things to do Than Respond’ to 'Ill-Informed' Trump News Trump Offers Support to U.K. After Exploiting London Terror Incidents as ‘Need’ for Muslim Travel Ban Source: YouTube WATCH: Ambassador Nikki Haley Says Trump Believes Climate is Changing by Ryan Williams-Jent June 03, 2017 2:08 PM Haley Said Trump “Doing Everything We Can to Keep America’s Moral Compass in the World”  Continue Reading Be part of the movement. Become an NCRM Champion or make a donation. Interesting in partnering with NCRM? Advertise with us. Need to get in touch? Contact us or see our masthead. Read our copyright, terms & conditions, disclosure, and privacy policies. Copyright © 2008-2017 The New Civil Rights Movement, LLC The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Kenya Elections Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Financial Standard Stocks Money & Careers Home & Away Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Health Sports Entertainment Education Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment Kenya Elections Your are here  » Home   » Business News Boeing offers paid Internship to Kenyan students By James Wanzala | Updated Sun, June 4th 2017 at 00:00 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Boeing has announced the opening of applications for a six-month paid business internship programme targeted at university students in Kenya. The internship will run from January to July next year. Applications are open until June 30, 2017. The International Business Internship Programme (IBIP) is open to all students studying in business-related fields including; Industrial Engineering, Accounting, Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, Strategy, Management, and Information Systems. “The students will be provided with paid US-based work experience, which we are confident will prove extremely valuable when they return and invest their new skills to the benefit of Kenya,” said Boeing Sub-Saharan Africa Managing Director, Mr Joao Miguel. Applicants must be enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate programme or have graduated within the last 12 months. RELATED TOPICS: interships university students IBIP International Business Internship Programme WATCH THIS How useless is the University degree that you possess? University campuses left empty as Lecturers' strike continues Eight people killed in Kisii Kilgoris road accident SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. RECOMMENDED Student who kept and rented guns to criminals ADVERTISEMENT latest News Prophet: I cursed Lake Victoria’s water hyacinth to rot in hell Kakamega family out in the cold waiting for suicide-cleansing fine 'Ghost' teacher admits sucking blood from her pupils For Mariga, victory did not come easy: Mary claims Madaraka trophy at the Sea Link course Schools: Captain Ochieng to lead team in Term 2 A national games Schools: Champions suffer shock defeats in Kwale games Telkom Orange rout JKUAT: Champions bag eighth win of the season Basketball: Senior women's team qualifies for Africa Cup Nick, where is the promised replica kit? Salah closes in on stunning £35m move to Liverpool VIEW ALL Trending Now Hoteliers seek boost from Madaraka Expresss Promotional SGR passenger transfer service starts Unga uproar in counties as shortage continues to bite NASA's special appeal to Raila backyard Cut links with independents or we back NASA, Uhuru told US asks visa applicants for social media handles NASA leaders take change gospel to DP Ruto's backyard ADVERTISEMENT KTN News Live Stream Business News Lufthansa and Swiss up Nairobi flights Mt Kenya farmers rake in Sh630m from coffee initiative Crude oil prices edge higher amid raging battle for market Why mobile phone is the next frontier for lending Boeing offers paid Internship to Kenyan students Hoteliers seek boost from Madaraka Expresss Will the faster SGR kill slow moving Rift Valley Railways? Lots of work yet to be done on Nairobi International Finance Centre VIEW ALL Comment Policy Entertainment News 'Ghost' teacher admits sucking blood from her pupils Kakamega family out in the cold waiting for suicide-cleansing fine Prophet: I cursed Lake Victoria’s water hyacinth to rot in hell Slain businessman deserved to die? Bedroom wars: What women expect and what men do VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago My Take: The Identity crisis of our nation KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Everton will be the first EPL team set to play in East Africa KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Tusker FC ready to take on Tanzania in the Sportpesa super cup tournament KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Kawangware FC thrash Zamalek in Super 8 results News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music PDS Classifieds RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:33 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search The Climate of St. Petersburg Economic Forum: Cold Weather, Warm Welcomes © Sputnik/ Evgeniy Biyatov Business 14:07 03.06.2017(updated 14:11 03.06.2017) Get short URL Denis Bolotsky Topic: St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2017 (180) 136281 Low temperatures, occasional thunderstorms and even some snow: the weather brought unpleasant surprises for the participants of the 2017 St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. But inside the ExpoForum convention center, where the event was held, the climate was totally different. For the second time in a row, the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum was held outside the city's historic center. As a result, most Forum-related traffic moved further away from Russia's northern capital, making it easy for the participants to reach its historic sites – museums, churches and cathedrals, in their spare time. Some guests of the forum, like the participants of the Monaco-St. Petersburg rare vehicles rally, had a green light on their final stretch of journey to Russia. Members of the European dynasties and aristocracy drove their exotic vintage cars from Monaco all the way to the rally's finishing line at the SPIEF main venue. Rally Peace by rare vehicles finishes at the SPIEF 17 venue #SPIEF https://t.co/TrJ9QQ98sb pic.twitter.com/JXqLSMC5tf — SPIEF (@SPIEF) May 31, 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin — a St. Petersburg native, had a chance to show his hometown to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The two leaders visited the world-renowned State Hermitage Museum and Institute of Oriental Manuscripts. Narendra Modi was sharing his experiences with his 30 million Twitter audience. Thank you Russia. This eventful visit witnessed several programmes and fruitful meetings. It will further boost India-Russia friendship. pic.twitter.com/XQQPplTyOm — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) June 2, 2017 © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing, Performs Its Maiden Flight (PHOTO, VIDEO)India's pavilion was one of the largest at the SPIEF. The country's government launched a major national program designed to facilitate investment, foster innovation and enhance skill development. Together with Russian partners, the Indians are working on projects in industry, transportation, trade and agriculture, and St. Petersburg Forum is another chance for them to discuss their plans. Indian partners expressed interest in one of Russia's latest projects – the Irkut MC-21 civilian airliner, which made its maiden flight in the end of May. The majority of the plane;s parts were made in Russia. Rostec Corporation produced the avionics and other parts. The prototype was tested using foreign engines, but Rostec CEO Sergey Chemezov told Sputnik that they would be replaced by Russian ones, built by a Rostec subsidiary – United Engine Corporation: "We're currently testing our own PD-14 engines. The tests will be finished by the end of this year and next year we're planning to launch mass production." Rostec CEO Chemezov about Russia's MC-21 plane:"We never made anything like this before. Glad it happened. We made avionics and other parts" pic.twitter.com/1RD56y2Lkv — Denis Bolotsky (@BolotskySputnik) June 3, 2017 Besides Indian companies, Russia's partners from Hungary and Bangladesh also expressed interest in purchasing MC-21 planes. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Russia Reveals What the '21' in Its New MC-21 Airliner Really Stands ForSeveral years ago the US and European Union imposed economic sanctions on Russia over the situation in Ukraine. For several years Barack Obama's administration has been warning large US companies not to send their representatives to St. Petersburg Economic Forum. Nevertheless, judging by this year's list of SPIEF participants and official partners, not to mention the number of deals signed during the event, Russia is far from international isolation. Rosneft and BP signed an agreement on cooperation in the gas industry. Gazprom and Royal Dutch Shell agreed on the main terms of their joint Baltic LNG project. Gazprom also struck a deal with Italy's Edison and Greece's DAPA on cooperation in creating a southern route for Russian gas supplies to Europe. Initially, the SPIEF was intended to become the analog of the World Economic Forum. It was first held in 1997 and attended by 1,500 participants. The forum has recently developed from a domestic event into a respected and highly representative international platform for discussing key economic issues in Russia and abroad. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 81 Topic: St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2017 (180) Related: Three States Already Interested in Brand New Russian MC-21 Passenger Plane Russia's Vnesheconombank to Promote Export of MC-21 Jetliners Tags: economy, MC-21, St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) 2017, Gazprom, United Instrument Manufacturing Corporation (Rostec), Sergei Chemezov, Narendra Modi, Vladimir Putin, Saint Petersburg, India, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14834 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10285 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7193 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7171All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains By Wallace Witkowski and Anora Mahmudova Published: June 2, 2017 4:29 p.m. ET Share Nonfarm payrolls show 138,000 jobs added in May Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg 138,000 jobs added in May, unemployment falls to 4.3% By WallaceWitkowski Reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter U.S. stock-market indexes closed at records Friday, led by gains for technology shares as investors looked past a weaker-than-expected May jobs report. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37%  closed up 9.01 points, or 0.4%, at a record 2,349.07, after touching an intraday record at 2,440.23. Tech, with a 1% rise, was the top performing sector. Energy shares finished down 1.2%, largely following oil prices. Financials stocks were another area of weakness on Wall Street, with the sector trading 0.4% lower. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  rose 62.11 points, or 0.3%, to finish at a record 21,206.29, led higher by shares of Boeing Co. BA, +1.55%  and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +2.37%  Earlier, the average touched a record intraday high of 21,225.04. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.94%  climbed 58.97 points, or 0.9%, to close at a record 6,305.80, after touching an intraday high of 6,308.76. Along with all three main indexes closing at records, the Dow industrials finished the week up 0.6%, the S&P 500 advanced 1%, and the Nasdaq gained 1.5%. The May nonfarm payrolls data showed the economy added 138,000 jobs last month, coming in below Wall Street economists’ forecasts. The details of the jobs report were also weaker than expected. The number of job gains for April and March were revised lower. The unemployment rate slipped to 4.3% but the decline was largely due to shrinking labor force. Average wages rose 0.2% to $26.22 an hour, in line with expectations. “This is undoubtedly a weak jobs report, especially with downward revisions. But it’s just one data point that will not change the Fed’s course, which is to raise rates at its June meeting,” said Michael Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. “Nonfarm payrolls month-to-month is a very jumpy number and a one-off weakness should not be seen as a beginning of a trend. For example, we’ve had a very poor print in May 2016, with 43,000 jobs. Since then, the S&P 500 is up about 400 points,” Antonelli said. Read: The S&P 500 has never had a down year after a start like 2017 Despite the unexpectedly low print on the jobs report, expectations for a rate increase in June didn’t fall. Fed fund futures are pricing in a 91% probability of a rate increase this month, according to the CME FedWatch tool. While a June hike is widely expected, the weak jobs number and tepid wage growth may give the Fed pause when it comes to other rate increases this year, said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, in an interview. “Wage growth is not fabulous, and maybe that gives the Fed room to sit on rates,” Nolte said. “Markets love a near-zero rate.” Should inflation trends and weakness persist then it’s entirely possible that a rate increase in June could be the last one of 2017, and with Treasury yields at unexpected lows, equities become one of the few games in town for a return, said Nolte. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.36%  fell nearly 6 basis points to 2.154%, declining below its 200-day moving average for the first time since October. Meanwhile, the dollar weakened against other major currencies, with the ICE U.S. Dollar index DXY, +0.02%  last down less than 0.1% at 96.68. Other markets: Oil prices CLN7, +1.28%  fell 1.5% to settle at $47.66 a barrel for a three-week low on Friday, partly driven by concerns that President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord will lead to an increase in U.S. oil output. The Nikkei 225 index NIK, -0.03%  closed above the key 20,000 level, adding 1.6% as the Japanese yen eased against the dollar USDJPY, +0.14% European stocks SXXP, +0.23%  finished higher, and the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.05% pared back from an intraday high to close up less than 0.1%. Gold prices GCQ7, +0.24%  rose 0.8% to settle at $1,280.20 an ounce. Individual stocks: Shares of Broadcom Limited AVGO, +8.50%  finished up 8.5% after reporting earnings. Shares of Lululemon Athletica Inc. LULU, +11.55%  shot up nearly 12% after the apparel-maker posted first-quarter results that beat expectations and announced a shake-up of its Ivivva brand, late Thursday. Leading the slump in energy were shares of Devon Energy Corp. DVN, -3.33% Newfield Exploration Co. NFX, -5.02% Range Resources Corp. RRC, -3.89% all of which finished down 3% or more, while Transocean Ltd. RIG, -2.17%  shares declined 2.2%. Shares of Cooper Cos. COO, +8.43%  rallied 8.4% after Raymond James raised its price target of medical device company’s stock. Shares of Delta Air Lines DAL, +2.69%  advanced 2.7% after the company reported its monthly operating performance. Shares of RH Inc. RH, -25.69%  sank nearly 26% after the retail chain formerly known as Restoration Hardware cut its earnings outlook for the year. Opinion: This is the most recommended stock —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX +9.01 +0.37% DJIA +62.11 +0.29% BA +2.91 +1.55% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% COMP +58.97 +0.94% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.36% DXY +0.02 +0.02% CLN7 +0.61 +1.28% NIK -5.08 -0.03% USDJPY +0.15 +0.14% SXXP +0.89 +0.23% UKX +3.86 +0.05% GCQ7 +3.10 +0.24% AVGO +19.94 +8.50% LULU +5.62 +11.55% DVN -1.14 -3.33% NFX -1.63 -5.02% RRC -0.90 -3.89% RIG -0.20 -2.17% COO +18.53 +8.43% DAL +1.34 +2.69% RH -14.71 -25.69% Show all references Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Volume 329.7M Open 21,142 High 21,225 Low 21,130 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $190.23 +2.91 (+1.55%) Volume 3.0M Open $187.82 High $191.70 Low $187.65 P/E Ratio 23.31 Div Yield 2.99 Market Cap 114.8B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Volume 0 Open 6,262 High 6,309 Low 6,254 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.17% +0.01 (+0.36%) Volume 0 Open 2.16% High 2.17% Low 2.16% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 96.77 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 0 Open 96.75 High 96.82 Low 96.71 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $48.27 +0.61 (+1.28%) Volume 44203 Open $47.71 High $48.42 Low $47.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 20,172.20 -5.08 (-0.03%) Volume 0 Open 20,135 High 20,211 Low 20,104 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 110.56 +0.15 (+0.14%) Volume 0 Open 110.41 High 110.62 Low 110.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 392.55 +0.89 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 392.16 High 394.68 Low 391.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,547.63 +3.86 (+0.05%) Volume 0 Open 7,544 High 7,599 Low 7,540 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Aug 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCQ7 $1,283.30 +3.10 (+0.24%) Volume 30337 Open $1,283 High $1,285 Low $1,281 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Broadcom Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: AVGO $254.53 +19.94 (+8.50%) Volume 10.8M Open $248.54 High $255.82 Low $244.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.6 Market Cap 102.2B lululemon athletica inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LULU $54.29 +5.62 (+11.55%) Volume 22.5M Open $56.41 High $56.85 Low $54.06 P/E Ratio 24.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 7.4B Devon Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DVN $33.13 -1.14 (-3.33%) Volume 6.4M Open $33.91 High $33.97 Low $32.87 P/E Ratio 60.02 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 17.4B Newfield Exploration Co. U.S.: NYSE: NFX $30.83 -1.63 (-5.02%) Volume 3.1M Open $32.12 High $32.14 Low $30.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.1B Range Resources Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RRC $22.24 -0.90 (-3.89%) Volume 8.8M Open $22.90 High $23.03 Low $21.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.36 Market Cap 5.5B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.03 -0.20 (-2.17%) Volume 12.2M Open $9.09 High $9.10 Low $8.88 P/E Ratio 5.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.4B Cooper Cos. U.S.: NYSE: COO $238.32 +18.53 (+8.43%) Volume 1.1M Open $227.65 High $240.42 Low $226.72 P/E Ratio 35.73 Div Yield 0.03 Market Cap 11.7B Delta Air Lines Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DAL $51.19 +1.34 (+2.69%) Volume 11.6M Open $50.55 High $51.88 Low $50.50 P/E Ratio 9.51 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 37.7B RH U.S.: NYSE: RH $42.54 -14.71 (-25.69%) Volume 18.5M Open $44.20 High $45.16 Low $41.52 P/E Ratio 114.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.4B
  Caracas, Monday June 5,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology Ariane 5 Rocket Lifts 2 Telecom Satellites in Record 10.8 Ton Payload Launch PARIS  A European Space Agency rocket launched from the European spaceport in French Guyana, South America, lifting its heaviest load to date with a record 10.8-ton payload composed of two telecoms satellites, the ESA said Friday. An Ariane 5 rocket blasted off successfully from ESAs Spaceport in Kourou on Friday carrying a 10,865-kilo payload composed of two telecommunications satellites. The Arianespace mission with ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B is now underway following Ariane 5s liftoff from the Spaceport in French Guiana, a statement said. The ViaSat-2, weighing 6,418 kilograms (14,149 pounds) was the first to be released into its planned orbit 29 minutes into the flight. The 3,551 kilogram Eutelsat-172B was released 12 minutes later. ViaSat-2, built by Boeing and owned and operated by ViaSat, will provide broadband coverage to North and Central America, the Caribbean, northern South America, and the Atlantic Oceans aeronautical and maritime routes linking North America and Europe. The Via Sat-2 has a design life of over 14 years. Eutelsat-172B is an all-electric, high powered (13 kW,) satellite built by Airbus for the Eutelsat consortium to provide telecoms, broadcast services and in-flight broadband and maritime connectivity to the Asia-Pacific region. The 172B is the first fully electrically-powered satellite which no longer requires tons of fuel on board and thus has reduced its mass up to 40 percent. The satellite has a design life of over 15 years. This Ariane 5 record payload exceeds by 130 kg the previous record achieved in Aug. 2016 according to the ESA note. This mission is the third Ariane 5 launch of 2017 with a further four scheduled launches later in the year and the satellites were the 558th and 559th to be launched by Arianespace, a statement said.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Where We're Going... The 25 Best Time Travel Movies Paul Allen's Enormous Stratolaunch Carrier Aircraft Rolls Out of Hangar for First Time On a football field, the wingtips would extend beyond the goalposts by more than 12 feet on each side. Most Popular Stratolaunch Systems By Jay Bennett May 31, 2017 The gargantuan Stratolaunch carrier aircraft, built by Scaled Composites and nicknamed the "Roc," has the longest wingspan of any aircraft ever built: 385 feet from tip to tip. The six-engine mothership is designed to carry rockets between its two fuselages. Once at altitude, the mega-plane will drop the launch vehicle, which will then fire its boosters and launch to space from the air. .@Stratolaunch came out of the hangar for fuel testing. More pictures soon! pic.twitter.com/RCNgSpgG6W — Paul Allen (@PaulGAllen) May 31, 2017 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below It's a new way of approaching spaceflight, reminiscent of the X-plane testing the Air Force did in the 1950s and 60s, and Paul Allen's company Stratolaunch Systems is leading the way. The long aircraft just rolled out of the Scaled Composites hangar for the first time earlier today, May 31. Fueling tests will begin in the coming days, followed by engine runs, taxi tests, and finally first flight. Related Stories 13 of the Most Incredible Boeing 747s Replacing an 18,000-Pound Jet Engine at 40-Below Most Popular Stratolaunch Systems is still working on the rocket models that will be dropped from the carrier aircraft, but in October 2016 the company said it would use modified Pegasus XL rockets built by Orbital ATK for the first tests. In preparation for today's rollout, Scaled Composites spent the past weeks disassembling a three-story scaffold that surrounded the aircraft during construction. The aircraft's full weight rested on its 28 wheels for the first time, allowing Scaled Composites to weigh the almost entirely composite plane for the first time. It came in at 500,000 lbs. Stratolaunch Systems The big aircraft is designed for a maximum takeoff weight of 1,300,000 lbs., making the plane capable of carrying launch vehicles and their payloads weighing up to about 550,000 lbs., with 250,000 lbs. devoted to fuel. The first full launch test will use only one Pegasus XL rocket, but Stratolaunch has designed the system so up to three launch vehicles can be dropped during a single flight. The company will also look to expand the types of launch vehicles that are compatible with its carrier aircraft. Sign up for the Popular Mechanics Newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Sign Up Thank You! You have chosen to receive our newsletter at . You will receive an email shortly confirming your subscription. You have already subscribed. Flightline testing will be conducted at the Mojave Air and Space Port in California over the course of several months, extensively testing all the systems of the new aircraft before flight. Stratolaunch is also preparing for delivery of the first Pegasus XL rocket to their facilities in Mojave. The new spaceflight company is on track to conduct the first launch test by 2019. Stratolaunch is betting on a new way to launch rockets and payloads to space, and it has completed its gigantic aircraft for the job, revealing it to the world for the first time. If the Roc can drive up launch efficiency and drive down price, it might just change the orbital game. Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch Systems More from Popular Mechanics: More From Flight Drones Share Why the Air Force Is So Keen on Disposable Drones Flight Share Feds Consider Banning All Laptops on Flights to and From U.S. Airlines Share Tech Failure Grounds Hundreds of London Flights Airlines Share 10 Surprising Facts That Will Forever Change How You Look at Flying Flight Share Take a Look Inside Elvis Presley's Untouched Private Jet Flight Share Here's What We Know About Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin's Secret AIrship Airlines Share Russia's Newest Post-Soviet Airliner Is Ready to Fly Airlines Share TSA Is Testing a Change That Could Make Airport Security Even Slower GIF Drones Share DJI's Tiny, Affordable "Spark" Could Be a Great First Drone Airlines Share 5 Injured After a Fire Breaks Out on a United Flight Flight Here Comes China's First Homebuilt Aircraft Carrier China's First Aircraft Carrier Goes Out to Sea Here Comes China's First Home-Built Aircraft Carrier Britain's First New Aircraft Carrier in Decades Is Almost Ready China Launches its First Homemade Aircraft Carrier Rare Supersonic Bomber Rolls Out of the Hangar for the First Time in Decades More From Flight PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close at all-time highs despite weak jobs report CNBC Fred Imbert 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Black unemployment at 7.5%, among black youth 27.3% Why you should care about May's job report Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Stocks higher despite jobs report miss CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT Stocks rose to record levels Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 190.23 +2.91 +1.55% CME Group Inc CME ▼ 116.93 -0.89 -0.76% Charles Schwab Corp SCHW ▼ 38.95 -0.75 -1.89% AdChoices The Dow closed 62 points higher, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time high, ending 0.37 percent higher. The Nasdaq outperformed, rising 0.94 percent to a record high. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors. Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Load Error Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. Treasury yields fell on the back of the jobs number, with the benchmark 10-year yield slipping to 2.16 percent; it also hit its lowest level since May 18 earlier in the session. The dollar also dropped against a batch of major currencies, with the dollar index slipping 0.43 percent to 96.78. In turn, the euro rose 0.53 percent to $1.127 against the U.S. currency. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Ready to soar? Aviation Festival hoping to attract much-needed pilots By Sean Moody Published: June 2, 2017 7:15 p.m. Updated: June 2, 2017 7:25 p.m. + Leave a comment 1 of 14 View 14 Items Scott G Winterton, Deseret News Tara Hardinger and her children Kenner, Trinelle and Taggart watch as a plane takes off during the Skypark Aviation Festival and Expo at Skypark Airport in Woods Cross on Friday, June 2, 2017. The expo is Utah's largest annual aviation event. WOODS CROSS — Sunny skies this weekend will be perfect for the Skypark Airport Aviation Festival in Bountiful. Organizers hope it will attract lots of families to see the airplanes, but with demand growing for airline pilots, industry officials aim to use the event to lure future fliers. “There’s a unique opportunity for pilots right now,” said Matthew Schroeder, a captain for SkyWest Airlines who hopes to do some recruiting. That's because demand for pilots has spiked lately. According to a report issued by the Regional Airline Association, the major airlines will need to replace 18,000 pilots within the next few years as they reach the mandatory retirement age of 65. The report also notes a drop in new air transport pilot licenses, the highest certification given by the Federal Aviation Administration, which certifies pilots to fly commercial freight and passenger planes. Over the next 20 years, Boeing estimates North America will need 112,000 new pilots. “That demand is not going to go away. Those pilots are still going to be retiring at their mandatory age of 65, so there's still going to be those opportunities,” Schroeder said. The opportunities start in smaller planes like the ones at the festival. “Aviation is something everybody can do,” said Jason Clark, a flight instructor for Bountiful Flight. “We have $25 introductory flights today.” Bountiful Flight is one of several programs that have teamed up with SkyWest. Southern Utah University, Westminster College, Cornerstone Aviation Flight Schools and ATP Flight School are some of the schools across Utah that are part of the SkyWest Pilot Pathway Program. “You'll be a flight instructor, have a seniority number at SkyWest Airlines and as soon as you have your hours, you're on,” Clark said. They start out in small planes like a Czech Sport. Clark hopes safety features like a full-airplane parachute attract people. “We actually pick it up, bring it back, repack the parachute, and it'll be flying on our flight line again,” Clark said. Comment on this story As the crowds come to Bountiful for the festival Saturday, Schroeder and Clark hope to see them consider a career in the cockpit. “It is simply the best job in the world. There's no doubt about it,” Schroeder said. The festival runs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Skypark Airport at 1887 S. 1800 West in Woods Cross. There will be aircraft manufacturers, universities, colleges, flight schools, aircraft manufacturers, food trucks, vendors activities and more. There will be skydivers at noon jumping into the airport, and SkyWest will be holding a career fair. Contributing: Viviane Vo-Duc Sean Moody Sean Moody is a reporter for KSL. Add a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by KSL Classifieds 5 tips to choose the perfect wedding photographer Utah yesterday Causes of 80 percent of birth defects are unknown, U. study says Utah yesterday Enthusiasts spread wonders of bees at 7th annual Honeybee Festival Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 10 of the most unusual laws in Utah 2 Book review: Utah extreme skier writes on making friends with fear 3 Hope, happiness prevail in big-screen retelling of West Haven girl's life 4 Teen boy dead in West Valley City shooting 5 Draper prison inmates crochet 150 intricate blankets for Utah veterans View all most Commented 140 Kickoff times announced for BYU, Utah football games 85 Trump decides to pull out of Paris Agreement. Here's a quick rundown of what that means 76 Utah reactions to Paris climate change departure mixed 63 Pulling out of climate accord depresses USU professor, elates Utah's senators 48 In our opinion: With Paris accord, true sustainability balances stewardship and the economy 47 White House says Trump expected to pull US from Paris deal 44 Mitt Romney, Squatty Potty respond to Kathy Griffin's 'beheaded Trump' gag 41 LDS Church will return tithing donated by man who defrauded 5,400 victims Sunday, June, 4, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Air India to buy 4 Boeing Dreamliners, use $450mn bridge loan to fund purchase Air India to buy 4 Boeing Dreamliners, use $450mn bridge loan to fund purchase With a view to expanding international operations, Air India will add four Dreamliner aircraft to its fleet. Senior executives at the airline said it would use a $450 million bridge loan (`2,900 crore) to part fund the purchase. By: Malyaban Ghosh | New Delhi | Published: June 3, 2017 6:19 AM “The acquisition of these four Dreamliners was a part of the original acquisition plan of 68 aircraft from Boeing. With these, the fleet of 787s will go up to 27,” a senior official of Air India said. (Reuters) With a view to expanding international operations, Air India will add four Dreamliner aircraft to its fleet. Senior executives at the airline said it would use a $450 million bridge loan (Rs 2,900 crore) to part fund the purchase. The mandate for sourcing the loan has been given to Mashreque Bank and NABARD. The expansion of the Dreamliner fleet will help the airline operate on long haul routes. “The acquisition of these four Dreamliners was a part of the original acquisition plan of 68 aircraft from Boeing. With these, the fleet of 787s will go up to 27,” a senior official of Air India said. The first Dreamliner aircraft was inducted into the fleet in 2012 and the last one will come in October this year. The airline could opt for either the sale and lease back model or the direct finance model. Air India chairman, Ashwani Lohani, has observed aircraft should be purchased rather than sold and leased back. “Both direct purchase and sale and lease back model (SLB) have their advantages and disadvantages and we will need to consider these,” the official mentioned above, said. Watch this also: The Dreamliners form the backbone of the Air India’s fleet and will come in handy when the airline flies on the direct routes like Delhi- San Fransisco, Delhi – Madrid or the recently launched Delhi – Copenhagen. Currently, the average daily utilisation of the 787 is between 13 to 14 hours a day. Apart from the Dreamliners, Air India will also add a Boeing 777 wide body aircraft by January 2018. Currently, Air India is the largest operator of non stop flights to United States, United Kingdom and other European destinations. Almost 75% of the capacity of Air India is deployed on the international sector. The airline is in the process of inducting 14 A320 narrow body aircraft from Alafco, a Kuwait -based aircraft leasing company which will mostly replace the old narrow body aircraft deployed in the domestic sector. C CaptainGs Rathee Jun 3, 2017 at 8:06 pm Very very shameful. Even after the intervention of Hon'ble PM and Finance Minister, the culprits are busy galloping the funds of tax payers, by further ordering more aircrafts, which is against the norms. The culprits should be nabbed at the earliest and should be grilled. @airlines @aviation @airindia @cbi @corruption @civilaviation @india @economy @pmo @icao Reply Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for supporting terror ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Drug control body is keeping strong vigil on movement of Combiflam; here's why Indian Army to induct women in combat roles; here's all you need to know Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations FROM JOSEPH FARAH'S G2 BULLETIN B-52s dropped from key nuke-delivery strategy 'No longer considered survivable enough to slip through modern air defenses' Published: 2 days ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print The venerable B-52 Stratofortress long-range bombers, which have been carrying America’s nuclear bomb deterrent safely since today’s grandfathers were in diapers, are being withdrawn from a key national nuclear bomb delivery strategy, says a new report in Joseph Farah’s G2 Bulletin. Hans Kristensen at the Federal of America Scientists noted there have been several indications in recent years of a coming change. He said the military budget request for FY2018 “only lists the B-2 as carrier of the strategic nuclear gravity bombs.” “U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM) apparently has not been assigning nuclear gravity bombs to B-52 bombers since at least 2010. Today, only the 20 B-2 stealth-bombers are tasked with strategic nuclear gravity bombs under the nuclear strike plans,” he explained. “The reason for the change appears to be that the B-52 is no longer considered survivable enough to slip through modern air-defenses and drop nuclear gravity bombs on enemy territory,” said Kristensen. “The B-52 is still equipped to carry the nuclear-armed air-launched cruise missile (ALCM or AGM-86B), which can be launched from well outside the reach of air-defenses, and is scheduled to receive the new LRSO (Long Range Standoff Missile) by the late-20s (even though that’s probably unnecessary),” he wrote. According to Boeing, manufacturer of the B-52, the aircraft celebrated 60 years in the air in 2014. “The eight-engine, 390,000-pound (176,901-kilogram) jet was America’s first long-range, swept-wing heavy bomber. It began as an intercontinental, high-altitude nuclear bomber, and its operational capabilities were adapted to meet changing defense needs,” the maker said. “It had a rocky beginning. The original XB-52 design, selected by the Army Air Forces in 1946, was for a straight-wing, six-engine, propeller-powered heavy bomber. On Oct. 21, 1948, Boeing Chief Engineer Ed Wells and his design team were in Dayton, Ohio, when the Air Force’s chief of bomber development told them to scrap the propellers and come up with an all-jet bomber. Over the following weekend, in a Dayton hotel room, the team designed a new eight-engine jet bomber, still called the B-52, made a scale model out of balsa wood and prepared a 33-page report.” The result was the beginning of production and the turbofan-powered version. The most recent version made its first flight in 1961. A total of 744 were built in Seattle and Wichita, Kansas, and about 10 percent still fly. The B-52 cut the round-the-world speed record in half. In January 1962, it flew 12,500 miles nonstop from Japan to Spain without refueling. The jet broke 11 distance and speed records on that flight alone. The B-52 saw active duty in the Vietnam War and was used in the Persian Gulf War in 1991 and over Afghanistan in 2001. The technology on the bombers constantly is being upgraded, and Boeing stated, “Modern engineering analyses showed the B-52’s expected lifespan extending beyond 2040.” For the rest of this report, and more, please go to Joseph Farah’s G2 Bulletin. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories Ready, don't aim, fire! 'Smart rifle' creates army of sharpshooters Soldiers given help 'seeing' their enemies U.S. lacks 'strategy' for successful conclusion to Afghan war Expert: Boom in commercial satellites coming Venezuela sets up Russians to gain U.S. oil-market stake Canada funds crackdown that nets multiple terror suspects Marines bring life-saving medical tech to front lines Step-by-step, Iran beginning to challenge Trump Air Force doubles down on need for speed Abbas: We want our children to live 'along with Israeli children in peace' WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah The New Left is the Old Left STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Clinton-Griffin 2020: Perfect ticket for the loony left RACE IN AMERICA Jesse Lee Peterson LeBron James needs 'a day without white people' THE BABE IN THE BUNKER Barbara Simpson Mayor to innocent civilians: Get used to horrific terror attacks CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Key to making America great again and safe again More Commentary » Deal of the Day Hottest book of 2017, 'Stealth Invasion' – $4.95 today only! World War III has begun: 'Muslim Conquest Through Immigration and Resettlement Jihad' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks climb to all-time highs Wall Street shrugs off weak jobs report Published: 2 days ago (CNBC) U.S. equities rose to record levels on Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. The Dow Jones industrial average traded about 65 points higher and reached its first intraday record since March 1, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time intraday high, trading 0.3 percent higher. The Nasdaq composite outperformed, rising 0.8 percent to reach an all-time high. “This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you’re going to see,” said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. “This isn’t a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don’t think you’re going to get one.” Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Network ViaSat's New Satellite Launch Furthers Reach of High-Speed Internet ViaSat said the new $625 million satellite will allow it to offer residential satellite internet plans with up to 100 megabits per second speeds and virtually unlimited data use. by Mike Freeman, The San Diego Union-Tribune / June 2, 2017 Twitter/ViaSat (TNS) -- ViaSat’s latest internet satellite blasted into space Thursday afternoon, furthering the Carlsbad company’s strategy of delivering high-speed broadband to more homes and commercial airlines for in-flight Wi-Fi. ViaSat-2, which at 14,149 pounds is the size of four sedans, launched from Guiana Space Center on an Ariane 5 rocket. It was supposed to enter orbit on April 25, but civil unrest in French Guiana delayed blast off until Thursday. With more than 300 gigabits per second of maximum capacity, ViaSat-2 has more than twice the bandwidth of the company’s first internet satellite, ViaSat-1, launched six years ago. It’s the highest capacity communications satellite ever launched, according to the company. RELATEDViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite BroadbandHow New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane ForecastsSatellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband Industry ViaSat-2 represents the latest test to the company’s strategy of engineering satellites to maximize speed and low-cost bandwidth in hopes of mitigating concerns over latency — the delays as signals travel from space to Earth that can bog down some real-time applications such as online gaming. ViaSat held a blast-off party at its corporate headquarters Thursday, where several hundred employees and guests watched a live stream of the launch. “With ViaSat-2, we set out to solve this problem of how do we get capacity and coverage,” said Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. “We were able to do that. ViaSat-2 has over seven times the coverage of ViaSat-1.” ViaSat said the new $625 million satellite, which was built by Boeing Satellite Systems in El Segundo, will allow it to offer residential satellite internet plans with up to 100 megabits per second speeds and virtually unlimited data use — challenging cable and telephone line internet in some regions. That beats ViaSat’s current baseline plans, which start at 12 megabits per second but have usage caps around 10 gigabits per month. Launched in 2011, ViaSat-1 is full with 660,000 subscribers. It will take several months to test and position ViaSat-2 in its orbital slot 22,000 miles above Earth. The company expects to begin offering service in January. Competitor Hughes Network Systems, owned by EchoStar, already launched its second high capacity internet satellite, giving it about a seven-month head start on ViaSat-2. But analysts say there’s room for both. About 14 million U.S. households are outside the footprint of cable or telephone company high speed internet services. But only 1.7 million currently subscribe to satellite internet, according to Northern Sky Research. For commercial flights, ViaSat-2 aims to deliver 25 megabit speeds or better to each passenger airplane, and widen geographic coverage beyond the U.S. The satellite’s footprint reaches the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, parts of South America and across the Atlantic. Once in Europe, ViaSat-2 would hand off in-flight Wi-Fi to satellites of partner Eutelsat, but the switch would be seamless to users, the company said. “In fact, with ViaSat-2, you’ll be able to fly from the U.S. West Coast all the way across the Atlantic and through Europe to the Middle East with ViaSat’s network,” said David Abrahamian, director of space systems at ViaSat. The company currently powers free inflight Wi-Fi on JetBlue, as well as some American Airlines and United Airlines commercial aircraft. More than 550 aircraft use its technology today, which is fast enough for passengers to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime video on their mobile devices in the air. About 830 additional commercial aircraft are in the pipeline to be retrofitted with antennas for ViaSat-powered onboard Wi-Fi. Northern Sky Research forecasts in-flight connectivity will be installed on two out of every three commercial passenger aircraft worldwide by the end of 2026, driven by higher demand for broadband connectivity. The industry research firm said inflight Wi-Fi could generate $32 billion in revenue over the next decade. While ViaSat pushed the market toward faster in-flight Wi-Fi, competitors are fighting back. Gogo, a Chicago company that provides cellular-based ground-to-air Wi-Fi to airlines, has developed a new antenna and leased space on existing satellites to provide faster speeds. It is battling with ViaSat and others for a pending Wi-Fi upgrade contract at Alaska Airlines, according to analysts. ViaSat-2 isn’t the end for the company. It’s currently building payloads for ViaSat-3 – a three satellite constellation slated to begin launching in 2019. Each ViaSat-3 satellite will have 1 terabit-per-second maximum capacity – more than triple that of ViaSat-2. When all are in orbit, the company will have global coverage. “What’s really important is ViaSat-2 is a stepping stone to ViaSat-3, said Baldridge. “Two of those satellites are already under construction with our Boeing partner. We just can’t wait to get there in a couple years.” ©2017 The San Diego Union-Tribune Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED ViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite Broadband How New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane Forecasts Satellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband Industry DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Network Papers You may also like ViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite Broadband MAGAZINE Government Technology June 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Case study: City of LA Integrates Real-Time Security Intelligence Sharing Across 40+ City Agencies Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Monday, 05 June 2017 USD 26.28 EUR 29.48 RUB 0.46 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact Putin to corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump "Help us restore normal political dialogue," Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday, according to CNN. World 20:30, 02 June 2017 REUTERS "I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration," he said, CNN reports. Putin's audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris, and Honeywell. "If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that ... it harms everyone," he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. "We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation," he said. "We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure." Putin's comments come one day after he suggested that "patriotic hackers" may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It's the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Read alsoHow Trump administration's secret efforts to ease Russia sanctions fell short – mediaPutin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. "We don't know each other, we've never met," Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. Read alsoReuters: Trump blasts Russia probe, touts ex-adviser Page over FBI, CIA"He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can't really classify him as a traditional politician," Putin said of Trump. "This is a person with a fresh view of things." Tags: Putin, sanctions, Russia, Trump, USA, forum If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Ukrainian interest. Success in Stockholm, finish in the Netherlands, and anti-corruption Hahn Moldova expels 5 Russian diplomats Slap in Gazprom’s face Ukraine responds to Putin’s claim of Reine de France Anna being Russian Ukraine’s Armed Forces gradually gaining more ground in Donbas - official Underground water pipe explodes through soil in Kyiv, leaves giant crater in ground – media World 22:31 RFE/RL: Malta's Muscat wins snap general election 18:10 Police make 12 arrests in connection with London attack – Reuters 14:15 Two remain critical, over 1,000 people injured after Turin stampede – media 09:58 Updated Seven killed in London terror attack – BBC 03 June, Saturday 20:15 Many killed in Kabul funeral blasts – DW 02 June, Friday 22:30 Putin vows response to "eliminate threat" if Sweden joins NATO - media 20:30 Putin to corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump 16:12 Local solutions, people-centred health systems key to ending AIDS epidemic – UN deputy chief 11:58 CNN: Against backdrop of uncertainty, U.S. B-52 bombers deploy to Europe 11:11 How Trump administration's secret efforts to ease Russia sanctions fell short – media 10:14 Trump dismays, angers allies by abandoning global climate pact – media 09:00 Opinion Line of contention – why EU-US understanding worsens 01 June, Thursday 21:06 Putin hints at U.S. election meddling by "patriotically minded" Russians - NYT 13:59 Trump administration approves tougher visa vetting, including social media checks – Reuters 10:31 Bloomberg: Senators propose stronger U.S. sanctions against Russia 09:46 U.S.-led coalition strike kills founder of IS media outlet: brother – media 08:55 Reuters: Trump blasts Russia probe, touts ex-adviser Page over FBI, CIA 31 May, Wednesday 23:10 Montenegro PM comments on Russian entry ban against country’s politicians 22:10 Trump expected to withdraw from Paris climate agreement - CNN 15:19 Vucic sworn in as Serbian president amid protests – media 14:24 DW: Germany seeks to block NATO summit in Turkey 12:16 Huge bomb blast kills dozens, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital – media 09:48 Macedonia lawmakers set to back new government – media 30 May, Tuesday 20:55 Congress expands Russia investigation to include Trump's personal attorney 11:48 N. Korea claims successful ballistic missile test – media 10:51 One serviceman killed after An-26 plane makes hard landing in western Russia – media 29 May, Monday 21:50 U.S. soldier who fought alongside Russian-backed militants discharged from Army 17:50 Opinion Make Europe safe again 15:42 EU extends sanctions against Syrian regime by one year 13:13 Navalny seeks permits for June 12 protests across Russia – media 11:51 WannaCry hackers 'were likely from southern China' – media 08:50 Reuters: North Korea fires Scud-class ballistic missile, Japan protests 28 May, Sunday 23:37 Merkel: Europe can no longer rely on U.S. and Britain – DW 21:53 U.S. Defense Secretary Mattis: War with North Korea would be "catastrophic" – CBS News 27 May, Saturday 22:40 Russian oligarch asks for immunity to testify about Manafort 15:40 Kremlin: Putin heading to Paris with "well-known" position on Ukraine 11:40 Carter’s national security advisor Brzezinski dies at 89 10:40 Kushner reportedly tried to set up secret Trump-Russia back channel 26 May, Friday 23:46 Trump adviser says no plans to ease sanctions on Russia – The Washington Times 22:45 G7 leaders stand united in fight against terrorism – Taormina statement 17:56 Reuters: Tillerson says U.S. takes 'full responsibility' for Manchester intelligence leaks 16:20 Majority of Americans see Russia as foe - Fox News poll 16:00 Moldova's president: Transnistria will never become federal subject of Russia 15:40 Jeff Koons accused of copying Ukrainian artist's work – media 12:00 Trump's son-in-law under scrutiny in Russia probe – media 25 May, Thursday 20:14 Reuters: Car blast injures former Greek PM Papademos 11:40 U.S. to boost sanctions on Iran, Syria, N. Korea 11:00 U.S. envoy urges Balkan States to guard against Russian influence efforts – media 09:40 Former Trump adviser says will testify before House intel panel - media 04:46 NYT: Top Russian officials discussed how to influence Trump aides last summer 24 May, Wednesday 23:20 Russia's defense chief blames U.S. foreign policy for tension in Ukraine, Syria 19:15 Reuters Exclusive: Wannacry hits Russian postal service, exposes wider security shortcomings 11:00 Ukraine-Turkey FTA sees progress 10:40 Russia called main threat in Polish defense doctrine – Rzeczpospolita 09:00 UK terror threat level raised to critical - BBC 23 May, Tuesday 17:55 Reuters: Former CIA chief says he warned Moscow over election hacking 16:20 Russian spies seek EU recruits in fight clubs - media 10:20 Washington State recognizes Holodomor as genocide of Ukrainians 09:00 Updated UPDATE: Manchester Arena blast kills 22, injures 59 - BBC 22 May, Monday 17:57 Flynn to decline U.S. Senate subpoena in Russia probe: media 13:20 McCain: Russian diplomat didn't belong in the Oval Office – The Hill 13:00 Euronews ends Ukrainian-language broadcasts – media 10:40 Reuters Exclusive: Venezuela holds 5,000 Russian surface-to-air MANPADS missiles 09:00 North Korea says ballistic missile test successful 21 May, Sunday 23:33 Trump's FBI comments to Russians were aimed at cooperation – media All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 1998 - 2017 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains By Wallace Witkowski and Anora Mahmudova Published: June 2, 2017 4:29 p.m. ET Share Nonfarm payrolls show 138,000 jobs added in May Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg 138,000 jobs added in May, unemployment falls to 4.3% By WallaceWitkowski Reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter U.S. stock-market indexes closed at records Friday, led by gains for technology shares as investors looked past a weaker-than-expected May jobs report. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37%  closed up 9.01 points, or 0.4%, at a record 2,349.07, after touching an intraday record at 2,440.23. Tech, with a 1% rise, was the top performing sector. Energy shares finished down 1.2%, largely following oil prices. Financials stocks were another area of weakness on Wall Street, with the sector trading 0.4% lower. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  rose 62.11 points, or 0.3%, to finish at a record 21,206.29, led higher by shares of Boeing Co. BA, +1.55%  and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +2.37%  Earlier, the average touched a record intraday high of 21,225.04. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.94%  climbed 58.97 points, or 0.9%, to close at a record 6,305.80, after touching an intraday high of 6,308.76. Along with all three main indexes closing at records, the Dow industrials finished the week up 0.6%, the S&P 500 advanced 1%, and the Nasdaq gained 1.5%. The May nonfarm payrolls data showed the economy added 138,000 jobs last month, coming in below Wall Street economists’ forecasts. The details of the jobs report were also weaker than expected. The number of job gains for April and March were revised lower. The unemployment rate slipped to 4.3% but the decline was largely due to shrinking labor force. Average wages rose 0.2% to $26.22 an hour, in line with expectations. “This is undoubtedly a weak jobs report, especially with downward revisions. But it’s just one data point that will not change the Fed’s course, which is to raise rates at its June meeting,” said Michael Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. “Nonfarm payrolls month-to-month is a very jumpy number and a one-off weakness should not be seen as a beginning of a trend. For example, we’ve had a very poor print in May 2016, with 43,000 jobs. Since then, the S&P 500 is up about 400 points,” Antonelli said. Read: The S&P 500 has never had a down year after a start like 2017 Despite the unexpectedly low print on the jobs report, expectations for a rate increase in June didn’t fall. Fed fund futures are pricing in a 91% probability of a rate increase this month, according to the CME FedWatch tool. While a June hike is widely expected, the weak jobs number and tepid wage growth may give the Fed pause when it comes to other rate increases this year, said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, in an interview. “Wage growth is not fabulous, and maybe that gives the Fed room to sit on rates,” Nolte said. “Markets love a near-zero rate.” Should inflation trends and weakness persist then it’s entirely possible that a rate increase in June could be the last one of 2017, and with Treasury yields at unexpected lows, equities become one of the few games in town for a return, said Nolte. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.44%  fell nearly 6 basis points to 2.154%, declining below its 200-day moving average for the first time since October. Meanwhile, the dollar weakened against other major currencies, with the ICE U.S. Dollar index DXY, +0.02%  last down less than 0.1% at 96.68. Other markets: Oil prices CLN7, +1.09%  fell 1.5% to settle at $47.66 a barrel for a three-week low on Friday, partly driven by concerns that President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord will lead to an increase in U.S. oil output. The Nikkei 225 index NIK, -0.02%  closed above the key 20,000 level, adding 1.6% as the Japanese yen eased against the dollar USDJPY, +0.15% European stocks SXXP, +0.23%  finished higher, and the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.05% pared back from an intraday high to close up less than 0.1%. Gold prices GCQ7, +0.23%  rose 0.8% to settle at $1,280.20 an ounce. Individual stocks: Shares of Broadcom Limited AVGO, +8.50%  finished up 8.5% after reporting earnings. Shares of Lululemon Athletica Inc. LULU, +11.55%  shot up nearly 12% after the apparel-maker posted first-quarter results that beat expectations and announced a shake-up of its Ivivva brand, late Thursday. Leading the slump in energy were shares of Devon Energy Corp. DVN, -3.33% Newfield Exploration Co. NFX, -5.02% Range Resources Corp. RRC, -3.89% all of which finished down 3% or more, while Transocean Ltd. RIG, -2.17%  shares declined 2.2%. Shares of Cooper Cos. COO, +8.43%  rallied 8.4% after Raymond James raised its price target of medical device company’s stock. Shares of Delta Air Lines DAL, +2.69%  advanced 2.7% after the company reported its monthly operating performance. Shares of RH Inc. RH, -25.69%  sank nearly 26% after the retail chain formerly known as Restoration Hardware cut its earnings outlook for the year. Opinion: This is the most recommended stock —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX +9.01 +0.37% DJIA +62.11 +0.29% BA +2.91 +1.55% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% COMP +58.97 +0.94% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.44% DXY +0.02 +0.02% CLN7 +0.52 +1.09% NIK -4.87 -0.02% USDJPY +0.17 +0.15% SXXP +0.89 +0.23% UKX +3.86 +0.05% GCQ7 +2.90 +0.23% AVGO +19.94 +8.50% LULU +5.62 +11.55% DVN -1.14 -3.33% NFX -1.63 -5.02% RRC -0.90 -3.89% RIG -0.20 -2.17% COO +18.53 +8.43% DAL +1.34 +2.69% RH -14.71 -25.69% Show all references Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Volume 329.7M Open 21,142 High 21,225 Low 21,130 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $190.23 +2.91 (+1.55%) Volume 3.0M Open $187.82 High $191.70 Low $187.65 P/E Ratio 23.31 Div Yield 2.99 Market Cap 114.8B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Volume 0 Open 6,262 High 6,309 Low 6,254 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.17% +0.01 (+0.44%) Volume 0 Open 2.16% High 2.17% Low 2.16% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 96.78 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 0 Open 96.75 High 96.82 Low 96.71 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $48.18 +0.52 (+1.09%) Volume 42630 Open $47.71 High $48.42 Low $47.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 20,172.41 -4.87 (-0.02%) Volume 0 Open 20,135 High 20,211 Low 20,104 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 110.58 +0.17 (+0.15%) Volume 0 Open 110.41 High 110.62 Low 110.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 392.55 +0.89 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 392.16 High 394.68 Low 391.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,547.63 +3.86 (+0.05%) Volume 0 Open 7,544 High 7,599 Low 7,540 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Aug 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCQ7 $1,283.10 +2.90 (+0.23%) Volume 30053 Open $1,283 High $1,285 Low $1,281 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Broadcom Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: AVGO $254.53 +19.94 (+8.50%) Volume 10.8M Open $248.54 High $255.82 Low $244.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.6 Market Cap 102.2B lululemon athletica inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LULU $54.29 +5.62 (+11.55%) Volume 22.5M Open $56.41 High $56.85 Low $54.06 P/E Ratio 24.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 7.4B Devon Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DVN $33.13 -1.14 (-3.33%) Volume 6.4M Open $33.91 High $33.97 Low $32.87 P/E Ratio 60.02 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 17.4B Newfield Exploration Co. U.S.: NYSE: NFX $30.83 -1.63 (-5.02%) Volume 3.1M Open $32.12 High $32.14 Low $30.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.1B Range Resources Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RRC $22.24 -0.90 (-3.89%) Volume 8.8M Open $22.90 High $23.03 Low $21.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.36 Market Cap 5.5B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.03 -0.20 (-2.17%) Volume 12.2M Open $9.09 High $9.10 Low $8.88 P/E Ratio 5.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.4B Cooper Cos. U.S.: NYSE: COO $238.32 +18.53 (+8.43%) Volume 1.1M Open $227.65 High $240.42 Low $226.72 P/E Ratio 35.73 Div Yield 0.03 Market Cap 11.7B Delta Air Lines Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DAL $51.19 +1.34 (+2.69%) Volume 11.6M Open $50.55 High $51.88 Low $50.50 P/E Ratio 9.51 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 37.7B RH U.S.: NYSE: RH $42.54 -14.71 (-25.69%) Volume 18.5M Open $44.20 High $45.16 Low $41.52 P/E Ratio 114.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.4B
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Plano officially opens Legacy West urban village: 'Welcome to the center of the universe' Filed under Real Estate at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now More than three years after the groundbreaking, developers formally opened Plano's $3 billion Legacy West development on Friday. The ribbon cutting at the project's centerpiece urban village is a milestone for one of North Texas' most ambitious real estate endeavors. "This project took an army to develop," said Legacy West's Fehmi Karahan. "A project like this one has consumed me - night and day, seven days a week for about three years." Developed by Karahan, KDC and Columbus Realty Partners, Legacy West is located on the Dallas North Tollway and State Highway 121. Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano The project was built on 250 acres of surplus land surrounding retailer J.C. Penney's headquarters. This weekend's celebration is to debut the Legacy West Urban Village, which has more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants, about 300,000 square feet of office space, more than 1,000 apartments and a high-rise hotel. The retail and restaurant center and most of the office space is already rented. Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere, right, Secretary of State Rolando Pablos, and developer Fehmi Karahan cut the ribbon during the grand opening ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Scissors sit on the stage during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan embraces Robert Shaw during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Roger Staubach listens to a speaker during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan, right, embraces Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan speaks during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Justin Juarez, a member of the Plano Symphony Orchestra plays during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Audience members clap during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Instruments lay at the feet Plano Symphony Orchestra members during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Restaurants in Legacy West include Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, Fogo de Chao, Mesero, Shake Shack, Taverna, True Food Kitchen and Toulouse. Legacy West's retailers include Bonobos, Coach, Fabletics, Filson, Johnny Was, Peter Millar, Pockets Menswear, Suitsupply, Tesla, Tommy Bahama, TUMI, and West Elm. "You can make great projects, but if you don't lease it doesn't work," Karahan said. "On the office leasing, we've been attracting some of the best names in the country." Aerospace giant Boeing recently announced plans to locate a new division headquarters in the Legacy West Urban Village. And Toyota has just started moving the first of thousands of workers into its new North American headquarters located just up the street. Liberty Mutual Insurance and JPMorgan Chase will start moving thousands more employees into Legacy West late this year. Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup More than 20,000 people will soon work in the development. "Welcome to the center of the universe," said Plano's mayor Harry LaRosiliere. "What makes this special is the sense of place created. "Anybody can build strip shopping centers," LaRosiliere said. "Only Fehmi Karahan can building Legacy West." Karahan developed Legacy West after having great success with the Shops at Legacy retail center he built on the east side of the tollway at Legacy Drive. "I had this dream to someday build something across the street," Karahan said. After petitioning Penney for years to develop its vacant land, the team of Karahan Cos., KDC and Columbus Realty were picked from a field of competing developers in early 2014. Just three months later in April of 2014 Toyota stunned the market when it announced it would build its new headquarters in Legacy West - joining FedEx Office as the first major companies in the mixed-use project. After Toyota's announcement, Legacy West took off. What was supposed to be a 10-year project is almost out of land and is recognized as one of the most successful such projects in the country. Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights "I'm proud to be involved in the partnership building this project," said Roger Staubach, the former Dallas Cowboys' star quarterback and a partner in Legacy West's apartments. "Legacy West is going to be outstanding. "People who live in the apartments are going to be able to walk to the finest retail experience in the Dallas area." Designed by architect Gensler, the $400 million Legacy West Urban Village was financed by JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Invesco Real Estate is a financial partner in the development. This weekend's grand opening events for the Legacy West Urban Village include live entertainment and drink tastings. Some of the retailers will be offering store discounts. Legacy West Urban Village includes more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants and hundreds of new apartments. (Steve Brown) Three years ago the Legacy West Urban Village site was just a vacant field on the Dallas North Tollway. (Steve Brown) In this Collection... Everything you need to know about Plano's Legacy West development Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights See all 30 Stories View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The World's Largest Airplane is Finally Unveiled Nick Mafi Architectural Digest June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The Stratolaunch aircraft was the dream of Paul Allen, the owner of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers and NFL's Seattle SeahawksMore By Nick Mafi. Photo by: Getty Images. Plans for the Stratolaunch airplane, a a dual-fuselage, 28-wheel behemoth that measures more than 385 feet from wingtip to wingtip, had been in the works since 2011. Finally, at an event in Mojave, California, the world's largest airplane was wheeled out of its hangar for the first time. The 500,000 pound Stratolaunch is the dream of Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen (who is also the owner of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers and NFL's Seattle Seahawks). Standing 50 feet tall, 238 feet long, and powered by six engines that are also used on Boeing 747s, the Stratolaunch can carry 250,000 pounds of fuel while also taking off with a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds. As impressive as those measurements are, there is actually one airplane that is slightly longer. The An-225, which was a Soviet Union built plane in 1988, is about 275 feet long (37 ft. longer than the Stratolaunch). Yet, the Stratolaunch has a bigger wingspan, technically making it the larger airplane. More than a traditional airplane, however, the Stratolaunch is engineered to release rockets that will carry satellites into space. According to the company, this will significantly decrease the costs associated with launching satellites into orbit. "With aircraft-like operations, our reusable launch platform will significantly reduce the long wait times traditionally experienced between the construction of a satellite and the opportunity to launch it into space," Allen stated. "As the launch vehicle rockets into orbit, Stratolaunch will fly back to a runway landing for reloading, refueling and reuse." Because the aircraft will be tasked with such a uniquely challenging task, the engineers and designers at the company want to ensure everything runs according to plans during the crucial testing phases. "This is a first-of-its-kind aircraft, so we're going to be diligent throughout testing and continue to prioritize the safety of our pilots," said Jean Floyd, Stratolaunch's chief executive officer, in a statement. Floyd indicated the goal for the aircraft is to have a launch demonstration as early as 2019. Before that happens, however, Floyd and his team will run several fuel and ground tests on the Stratolaunch. This story originally appeared on Architectural Digest. More from Architectural Digest: The 10 Best New Luxury Cruises Tour the World’s Most Luxurious Submarine Superyacht This Could Be the Most Luxurious Superyacht Yet Fourteen of the Most Luxurious Yacht Decks See What's Inside Donald Trump's Former Superyacht 10 Hotels With Unbelievably High-End Amenities Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,303 reactions12%67%21% Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,682 reactions7%75%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 4,005 reactions4%55%41% Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,790 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 53 reactions3%64%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in Steve Kerr's return 438 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 30 reactions2%59%39% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,505 reactions5%62%33% Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 13 reactions7%64%29% Donald Trump's Political Arm Cites InfoWars In An Email Boasting About Crowd Size Gary: Trump, the administration of lies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Stocks close at all-time highs as Street shrugs off jobs report The U.S. economy added 138,000 jobs last month, the Labo Department said, missing a consensus estimate of 185,000. But the Dow, S&P and Nasdaq all managed record highs on an intraday and closing basis. Fred Imbert | @foimbert Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 4:13 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks hit all-time highs today    Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 4:23 PM ET | 00:35 U.S. equities rose to record levels on Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. The Dow Jones industrial average closed about 60 points higher and reached its first intraday record since March 1 as well as its second straight record close. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite also managed intraday and closing records. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management, referring to the market's reaction to the jobs report. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." Marc Chaikin, CEO of Chaikin Analytics, said a pop in small-cap stocks helped the large-cap indexes rise on Friday. Small caps "have caught up in a big way and they're on their way to all-time highs," he said. The Russell 2000, which tracks small cap stocks, rose 0.67 percent and was less than 2 percent away from a record high. The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors." Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. Brendan McDermid | Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks futures gave back some gains after the data were released. Dow futures traded 41 points higher, while S&P and Nasdaq futures gained 3 points and 14.5 points, respectively. Heading into the 8:30 a.m. ET release, Dow futures were trading nearly 70 points higher, while S&P and Nasdaq had risen 4.75 points and 17.75 points, respectively. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. The Dow, S&P and Nasdaq posted solid strong weekly gains helped by high-yielding sectors, including telecommunications and utilities, which rose 2.33 percent and 1.67 percent, respectively. Dow, S&P and Nasdaq this week Source: FactSet Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average rose 62.11 points, or 0.29 percent, to close at 21,206.29, with Microsoft leading advancers and Exxon Mobil lagging. The S&P 500 gained 9.01 points, or 0.37 percent, to end at 2,439.07, with information technology leading eight sectors higher and energy the biggest decliner. The Nasdaq advanced 58.97 points, or 0.94 percent, to close at 6,305.80. About four stocks advanced for every three decliners at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 866.21 million and a composite volume of 3.44 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 9.8. Correction: Marc Chaikin is CEO of Chaikin Analytics. An earlier version misspelled his name. Fred ImbertMarkets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change VIX --- NASDAQ --- S&P 500 --- DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 05 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy´s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft, the company said. The contracts were awarded during the third quarter of Harris´ fiscal 2017. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. The lightweight, pneumatic launchers will enable 49 P-8As for US, Australian and United Kingdom aircraft to safely and effectively deploy sonobuoys, which are essential to conducting underwater acoustic surveillance. Harris is a technology innovator, solving customers´ toughest mission-critical challenges by providing solutions that connect, inform and protect. Harris supports government and commercial customers in more than 100 countries and has approximately USD 6 billion in annual revenue. The company is organized into three business segments: Communication Systems, Space and Intelligence Systems and Electronic Systems. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Textron elects new board of directors member June 2, 2017 Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) has elected Deborah Lee James to the company´s board of directors,... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-“Global Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cyber Weapon 1.2 Cyber Weapon Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Cyber Weapon Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Offensive Weapons 1.2.4 Defensive Weapons 1.3 Global Cyber Weapon Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cyber Weapon Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 National Defense System 1.3.3 Air Traffic Control 1.3.4 Hospital 1.3.5 Automated Transportation System 1.3.6 Industrial Control System 1.3.7 Communication network 1.3.8 Smart power grid 1.3.9 Others 1.4 Global Cyber Weapon Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cyber Weapon (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ………… 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 McAfee 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B ..…..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1326590 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Odfjell SE – Tilbakekjøp av obligasjoner Next PostNext Marble Tile -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 05 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment EVA adds Hello Kitty Shining Star service to Chicago route By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 2, 2017 EVA Air is using its Hello Kitty-painted plane to add three weekly Chicago flights to the four it already operates with Boeing 777-300ERs in standard livery, increasing Chicago service to daily through the busy summer travel season, the company said. Travelers can learn more about the unique Hello Kitty and Sanrio Family Jets at http: //www.evakitty.com/en/index.html and book and buy tickets through travel agents, EVA ticket offices or www.evaair.com. EVA and Sanrio created the Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet with a cast of colorful characters painted the length of the plane, starting at the nose with Little Twin Stars Kiki and Lala flying through clouds with their teddy bear while, behind the wing, Hello Kitty and My Melody comfortably sail along on stars. EVA currently flies six specially painted aircraft on routes within Asia and long-haul to Paris and, now, Chicago. Its other Hello Kitty planes are the Hand-in-Hand, Joyful Dream and Celebration Flight Jets. Its Sanrio-family aircraft are the gudetama Comfort Flight and Bad Badtz-Maru Travel Fun planes. EVA is unveiling Friendship Bows in June, the last in its current series of new and refreshed specially painted liveries. EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of nine 5-Star Airlines worldwide. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America where gateways are Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Vancouver. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « ASM introduces North American Division Acasta acquires ECN Capital's commercial aviation business » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections Thunderstorm 74° Low: 74° High: 88° Mon Thunderstorms 72° 81° Tue Thunderstorms 72° 82° Wed Partly Cloudy 68° 85° See Complete Forecast Severe Weather Alert Thunderstorm 74° Replay: WGNO News at 10pm Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Posted: 7:41 a.m., June 2, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print × Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump LONDON — Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. “Help us restore normal political dialogue,” Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. “I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration,” he said. Putin’s audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. NYT: Trump brags to Russians about firing ‘nut job’ Comey Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow’s actions, including potential collusion between President Trump’s campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. Advertisement “If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that … it harms everyone,” he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. “We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation,” he said. “We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure.” Advertisement Putin’s comments come one day after he suggested that “patriotic hackers” may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It’s the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. “We don’t know each other, we’ve never met,” Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. “He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can’t really classify him as a traditional politician,” Putin said of Trump. “This is a person with a fresh view of things.” 51.507351 -0.127758 Related Stories Defiant Trump says he had ‘absolute right’ to share information with Russia Washington Post: Trump shared classified info to Russians Authors: WGNO Web Desk Filed in: National/World News Topics: American President, comrade, Corporate America, covfefe, message, Russian President, trump, Vladimir Putin 367 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More in National/World News 37 bodies found in Resorts World Manila, Philippines official says More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should 'help' President - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 8:52 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 9:53 AM EDT Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives in Israel and welcomed by Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman at Ben Gurion airport on Monday, June 25, 2012. Israel's President Shimon Peres hosts Russia's Vladimir Putin Israeli President Shimon Peres hosts Russia's Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at a press conference during the G20 summit meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia on Friday, September 6, 2013. Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at a press conference during the G20 summit meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia on Friday, September 6, 2013. By Alanna Petroff LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. "Help us restore normal political dialogue," Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. "I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration," he said. Putin's audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow's annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow's actions, including potential collusion between President Trump's campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. "If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that ... it harms everyone," he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. "We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation," he said. "We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure." Putin's comments come one day after he suggested that "patriotic hackers" may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It's the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. "We don't know each other, we've never met," Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. "He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can't really classify him as a traditional politician," Putin said of Trump. "This is a person with a fresh view of things." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, June 4, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 74°F Clear Sunday, June 4, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Podcasts Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary Blogs All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft makes its debut share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Business listings, June 4, 2017 Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft makes its debut Fri, 06/02/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Stratolaunch Systems Corp./AP The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time Wednesday in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: Gigantic The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet, longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot wingspan and is just under 219 feet long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet. Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds empty, can carry 250,000 pounds of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Va. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites that can be affected by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. What's next Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms operate. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (2):People, Transportation More Business Business listings, June 4, 2017 Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 More Business Business listings, June 4, 2017 Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Business listings, June 4, 2017 Building permits, June 4, 2017 Jim Dey: 'Gay panic' claims make for good headlines, not good law Scholz named N-G photo editor Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Wired In: Eli Lazar Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks Area history, June 4, 2017 This day in history, June 4, 2017 More Local News Most Viewed News 2 men injured in 2011 shooting at Market Place Mall UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Two injured in two-vehicle crash west of Rantoul Most Commented News Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Ammons says she won't vote for state budget UPDATE: Police looking into Memorial Day shooting at Market Place Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Change is coming at Illini Union Trending Now UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Underwood loses staff member Sister of DUI victim objects to possible drug-court probation for driver Urbana Free Library buying lot to create gateway to downtown The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, June 4, 2017 Great ... like '68 Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Illini in top 5 for 2018 guard Change is coming at Illini Union A Life Remembered: Longtime Unity music teacher 'larger than life in a tiny form' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Posted on Friday, June 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. “Help us restore normal political dialogue,” Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. “I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration,” he said. Putin’s audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow’s actions, including potential collusion between President Trump’s campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. “If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that … it harms everyone,” he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. “We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation,” he said. “We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure.” Putin’s comments come one day after he suggested that “patriotic hackers” may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It’s the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. “We don’t know each other, we’ve never met,” Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. “He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can’t really classify him as a traditional politician,” Putin said of Trump. “This is a person with a fresh view of things.” — Emma Burrows and Tim Lister contributed reporting. Saudi Arabia vs. Russia: The fight to become China's top oil supplier U.S. unemployment hits lowest level since 2001 Related Posts Stunning lack of women in corporate leadership roles worldwide Fed leaves interest rates alone; dials down 2016 forecast GasBuddy Releases 2013 Forecast for U.S. Gasoline Prices Unemployment drops to 4.6%, lowest since 2007 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Congress Senate Schedules Redl Nomination Hearing By John Eggerton Jun 02, 2017 FCC FCC to Court: FTC Common Carrier Exemption is Activity Based By John Eggerton Jun 02, 2017 FCC NCTA Pushes for Opt-Out Electronic Notifications By John Eggerton Jun 02, 2017 OTT Sling TV Gets ‘Picky’ With New Ad Spots By Mike Farrell Jun 02, 2017 VIDWeek: ZoneTV Joins Next TV Summit as a Sponsor By MCN Staff Jun 01, 2017 Syfy’s ‘Sharknado 5: Global Swarming’ Set for Aug. 6 Debut By R. Thomas Umstead Jun 01, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community On The Money AT&T Goes For ‘Good Enough’ By Mike Farrell MCN Guest Blog Merging CSPs: How to Retain Customers By Brendan O'Brien, chief innovation officer and co-founder, Aria Systems As I Was Saying Pai Pushes FCC Agenda at FSF Telecom Policy Conference By Gary Arlen As I Was Saying Digital Delivery Rearranges Retail Reality By Gary Arlen TiVo May Soon Get Its Voice By Jeff Baumgartner Altice: One Brand, One Lineup? By Mike Farrell Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week VIDWeek Jun 12, 2017 The Programmatic Summit Jun 12, 2017 Next TV Summit Spring Jun 15, 2017 Next Wave Of Leaders Jun 16, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Apr 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 Apr 13, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband ViaSat 2 Launches with Big Broadband Potential By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 02, 2017 Next TV Plex Flexes Live TV Muscles By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 OTT Pluto TV Lands Indie Films, Documentaries via Gravitas Ventures Deal By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 OTT Sling TV Gets a Grid Guide By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Jun 02 2017 Broadband ViaSat 2 Launches with Big Broadband Potential Speeds of 100 Mbps-plus could be beamed to the home via new satellite, CEO says 6/02/2017 6:04 AM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator The Ariane 5 launches with the ViaSat 2 and Eutelsat 172B satellites aboard. Image source: Arianespace Kourou, French Guiana – With a bright flash and a deep rumble, the future of satellite-delivered broadband services was lofted into orbit Thursday night. Eyeing the kind of speeds typically delivered by wired broadband services, ViaSat 2, ViaSat’s new high-powered satellite is designed to deliver 100 megabits per second, and possibly more, to individual subscribers. ViaSat 2, built by Boeing Commercial Satellite Systems and launched into successful orbit here aboard Arianespace's Ariane 5 heavy-lift launch vehicle, will provide 300 Gigabits per second of total throughput. ViaSat 2 is expected to enter into service in early 2018. “We’re still working on our plans, but we likely will have service plans that are up to 100 Mbps, and we may have some that are as high as 200 Mbps,” Mark Dankberg, chairman and CEO of ViaSat, said here in an interview just hours before Thursday’s launch. “The satellite’s capable of that. The real issue is how do we price those plans and how many subscribers we can put on them?” Though a 100-meg satellite-delivered broadband service is achievable, Dankberg believes that most of the company’s subscribers will be on tiers delivering less than that. But the launch of ViaSat 2 will give the company, which has about 659,000 satellite broadband subscribers, the ability to far exceed what it’s delivering in the U.S. today using a legacy satellite fleet that includes ViaSat 1 and those coming way of its 2009 acquisition of WildBlue Communications. RELATED: ViaSat To Acquire WildBlue For $568 Million Today, its top-end service, under the “Exede” brand, pumps out up to 25 Mbps in the downstream direction, and implements a broadband-usage policy to keep bandwidth usage in check. RELATED: ViaSat Rolls 25-Meg Satellite Broadband With the new satellite and its new bandwidth capabilities, Dankberg believes ViaSat will also have an opportunity to support and implement new, unlimited data policies. The ability to deliver faster speeds will give ViaSat a way to compete more directly with cable operators, telcos and other wired-based ISPs. But that won’t be the primary focus. “Our mission is to be a really good choice for the underserved – not necessarily for people who already have access to fiber-to-the-home or the most modern cable [high-speed Internet] service,” Dankberg said. “But the qualification I’m going to make to that is, we want to give that same experience to people who otherwise can’t get it.” ViaSat 2 will help to turn ViaSat into a bigger, regional provider of services that will also span government and enterprise customers while also enhancing its ability to deliver high-quality in-flight connectivity as well as broadband service to cruise ships. In addition to delivering gobs of bandwidth, ViaSat 2, at an orbital location of 22,236 miles above the earth’s equator (at 69.9 degrees west longitude), will enable ViaSat to expand coverage in North America, Central America, the Caribbean and a portion of northern South America. Key transportation routes between North America and Europe also are expected to benefit. And there's a lot more to come. “ViaSat has ambitions to be a global broadband services company,” Dankberg said. “This ViaSat 2 launch is a big step along the way for us towards that path.”  ViaSat’s grander global coverage plan will be coming way of its set of ViaSat 3 satellites. The first, which will expand and enhance ViaSat’s coverage in the Americas, is planned to launch in 2019, followed in 2020 by a satellite that will cover the Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region. ViaSat hasn’t announced when it expects to launch its third ViaSat 3 satellite, but it's slated to provide coverage in the Asia Pacific. Among other stats, ViaSat 2 packs 1.2 kilometers of coaxial cable, 37 kilometers of electrical wire, and more than 300 electronic boxes. At a wingspan of 46 meters, it’s about half the length of a rugby pitch, and a weight of 6,400 kilograms at launch, giving it the heft of about four mid-sized sedans, according to Mark Spiwak, president of Boeing Satellite Systems International.  “This is the largest commercial satellite that we've ever built,” Spiwak said. “This was a big one for us all,” he added following last night’s successful launch, while also extending his congratulations to ViaSat 2’s co-passenger aboard the Ariane 5, the Airbus-built Eutelsat 172B, an all-electric telecommunications satellite that will beef up capacity that includes in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, and service for video and government agencies in the Asia Pacific, from Alaska to Australia.  “You'll have to forgive me for having a big grin on my face after watching that spectacular launch,” Dankberg said. According to Spaceflight Now, the pairing of those satellites, valued at about $800 million, represented the heaviest and costliest commercial payload ever launched. Arianespace has posted a video of last night’s launch and details about the tricky maneuvers that followed:     More detail about the launch will be featured in the June 5 edition of Multichannel News. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! Tags:   ViaSat,   Arianespace,   Boeing,   satellite broadband,   broadband Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Pixelogic Grows with Sony DADC Aquisition Netflix Acquires David France’s The Death And Life Of Marsha P. Johnson Full Service Creative Studio The-Artery Names Liron Ashkenazi-Eldar as Company's New Lead Design Director SMPTE Australia Section's Conference & Exhibition to Feature Latest in Broadcasting, Media and Entertainment The Production Music Association to Celebrate its 20th Anniversary During the 2017 Production Music Conference: SCTE•ISBE LAUNCHES ‘DOCSIS® 3.1 INSTALLATION’ COURSE TO ACCELERATE ROLLOUT OF NEW CABLE TELECOM TECHNOLOGY SCTE•ISBE LAUNCHES ‘DOCSIS® 3.1 INSTALLATION’ COURSE TO ACCELERATE ROLLOUT OF NEW CABLE TELECOM TECHNOLOGY Calix Announces Appointment of Interim Chief Financial Officer Hammes & Bühler Postproduction Builds Streamlined Collaborative Workflows with Facilis TerraBlock at their Heart VITEC's EZ TV IPTV and Digital Signage Platform Is a Grand Slam at Kauffman Stadium Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Senate Dems Seek FBI Probe of FCC DDoS Attack Former Cox Exec Joe Rooney Joins Layer3 TV TiVo Shares Soar on Prelim ITC Ruling Against Comcast DirecTV Now Reaches Roku Comcast Lights Up DOCSIS 3.1 in More Markets Related Stories U.S. Cracks Global Top 10 in Average Internet Speeds: Akamai Jeff Baumgartner - 5/31/2017 06:09:00 AM America/New_York The U.S. broke into the global top ten with respect Muni Broadband Study: Half of Networks Are in the Red John Eggerton - 5/24/2017 02:55:00 PM America/New_York A new study of municipal fiber networks indicates many Montieth Named Chief of Wireline Bureau John Eggerton - 5/23/2017 10:41:00 AM America/New_York FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has removed "acting" from the Subscribe Now Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 3, 2017 Freeze Frame -- March 27, 2017 See All → Showtime Offers 'Twin Peaks' Episodes to Non-Subscribers FCC's Pai Hits the Road Senate Schedules David Redl Nomination Hearing FCC to Court: FTC Common Carrier Exemption Is Activity Based Netflix Cancels Drama ‘Sense8’ FCC, OSHA Release New Tower Climber Guidelines Commission Considers Code BLU Tascam Updates MiNiStudio to v2.1 Bumpers Adds Remote Recording Feature Japan, China Plan Commercial 5G Networks by 2020 'Film Meets Art:' See for Yourself in Video Series Guinness Immersive Project Lets UK Shoppers Grab a Virtual Pint Canon Launches New Cinema EOS Camera (and New RAW Format) 'Expedition Mungo' Explores Myths and Mysteries Cocktail Hour Goes Crazy in 'Coeur Croisé' NAB Show Product Review: Switchers & Routers PBS Streaming ‘Wild Alaska Live’ Across Multiple Platforms NAB Embarks on Cybersecurity Evangelism Nuvyyo Launches Next-Gen Tablo Dual DVR for Cord-Cutters McAdams On: Hitting the Wrong Notes News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz F-35 Replacement Could Attack with Hypersonic Weapons and Lasers Kris Osborn June 2, 2017 TweetShareShare The Air Force has begun experimenting and conceptual planning for a 6th generation fighter aircraft to emerge in coming years as a technological step beyond the F-35, service leaders said. "We have started experimentation, developmental planning and technology investment," said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Acquisition. The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. While Bunch did not elaborate on the specifics of ongoing early efforts, he did make reference to the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan which delineates some key elements of the service's strategy for a future platform. Fighter  jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself. Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News. The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said. The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier. Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.” Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology. Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs. Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature. Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn Kim Jong-un Isn’t Crazy and China Doesn’t Have a Solution Negotiating with North Korea requires treating its leader as closer to a “smart cookie” than a “madman.” Doug Bandow What Do China's Military Strategists Think of the Battle of Midway? China likely recognizes that once wars are started with America, even when militarily successful, they may be extremely difficult to end. Lyle J. Goldstein America May Have Ditched TPP, But It Hasn't Ditched Asia The Asia-Pacific region is refusing to let the pact die, even leaving the door open for a change of heart by Washington. Anthony Fensom Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Canada- June 2 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 6:19am EDT PRESS DIGEST- Canada- June 2 June 2 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. THE GLOBE AND MAIL ** The American lumber lobby at the heart of the softwood trade dispute is attacking Ottawa's new C$867 million ($641 million) aid package for the Canadian forestry industry as another "government subsidy," raising the possibility that Washington could impose further punitive duties on producers from Canada. tgam.ca/2qIZpJt ** The Trudeau government has suspended negotiations with Boeing Co to purchase fighter planes as it continues to play hardball with the Chicago company over a U.S. trade complaint the firm lodged against Montreal aircraft maker Bombardier Inc. tgam.ca/2qJ5DJ6 ** Workers at two Stelco Inc mills will vote on Friday and on Tuesday on new labor agreements with the steel maker, the last big hurdle left for the company to jump before it emerges from creditor protection. tgam.ca/2sliZIC NATIONAL POST ** All telephone and wireless providers must update their networks to offer next-generation 911 services by the end of 2020 in regions with already established public safety answering points, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission mandated in a decision released Thursday. bit.ly/2swg9A2 ** It may not come as a shock to many Canadians, but a new survey by Kiwi.com ,an online travel agency, has found that flights out of Canada are among the most expensive in the world. bit.ly/2su9oPc ($1 = C$1.35) (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Australia new vehicle sales rebound in May - VFACTS SYDNEY, June 5 Australian new vehicle sales rebounded in May to reach a record high for that month, a promising omen for consumer demand after a run of soft results. GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued * Dollar edges up from 7-month low after disappointing jobs report BRIEF-Herbalife Ltd expects Q2 adj. earnings in range of $0.95 to $1.15 per share * Herbalife says in May 90 percent of us sales were documented purchases by consumers, comprised of more than three million receipted retail transactions MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Innovation Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things you need to know. By Associated Press June 2, 2017 10:20 BST Statolaunch, the world's largest plane, rolled out of its hangar for the first time on 31 May 2017.Stratolaunch Systems Corp. Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: Stratolaunch facts: Size The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-metre) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres). It's wingspan totals 385 feet (117 meters) - longer than any other aircraft in history.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. Stratolaunch facts: Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. The Stratolaunch will be used to carry rockets into the stratosphere.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. The plane is so big that it has two cockpits.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: What's next? The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. More from IBTimes UK Technology Monsters of the sky: The top 10 biggest aircraft ever built This hidden Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel Your Winter Of Reading Begins With This Epic List Of June's New Sci-Fi And Fantasy Books Cheryl Eddy Jun 2, 2017, 7:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  authors books bookshelf injection io9 Share It's June! The days are shorter, the nights are colder, and the amount of new science fiction and fantasy books that will soon be available is truly mind-blowing. Read on to find out about more than 30 great new titles, coming out over the next 30 days! Detail from the cover of The Raven Stratagem by Yoon Ha Lee Beren and Lúthien by J.R.R. Tolkien and Christopher Tolkien Editor Christopher Tolkien draws out a key love story from his father's The Silmarillion, exploring how the tale changed over the years by placing it within different contexts as it evolved. The book features artwork by Alan Lee, who also illustrated The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit and shared a Best Art Direction Oscar for Return of the King. (June 1) Valerian: The Complete Collection, Volume 1 by Pierre Christin (author) and Jean-Claude Mézières (artist) Luc Besson's big-screen adaptation of this much-loved French comic series arrives August 10; get a head start with this first collected volume, which compiles books one and two (The City of Shifting Waters and The Empire of a Thousand Planets), as well as the first-ever English translation of book zero (Bad Dreams). It also contains a new interview with Besson and a sneak peek at his upcoming movie. (June 1) All Good Things by Emma Newman The author (Planetfall, Between Two Thorns) wraps up her Split Worlds urban fantasy saga with this fifth entry in the series. (June 6) Grim Expectations by K.W. Jeter The author, who coined the phrase "steampunk", marks 30 years of the genre with a new George Dower tale, a sequel to Infernal Devices. (June 6) The Kill Society by Richard Kadrey Kadrey's ninth Sandman Slim book sends the supernatural drifter to Tenebrae, the land of the lost dead, where he takes up with a gang of damned souls while dodging a pack of bounty-hunting angels. (June 6) The Refrigerator Monologues by Catherynne M. Valente Female superheroes, and wives and girlfriends of superheroes — forever being kidnapped by villains, or simply being shoved into the background until the plot requires their presence — finally raise their voices in this collection of linked stories. (June 6) The Year's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy 2017 Edition edited by Rich Horton This new collection contains 30 stories curated from publications like Asimov's and Lightspeed, written by acclaimed authors such as Kameron Hurley, Genevieve Valentine and Steven Barnes. (June 6) The Black Elfstone: The Fall of Shannara by Terry Brooks Brooks finishes out his popular Shannara fantasy series after 40 years with this final instalment. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Brooks described it as "a gift back to the readers for sticking with me for this much time". (June 13) Down Among the Sticks and Bones by Seanan McGuire McGuire's magical Wayward Children series continues with this follow-up to the acclaimed Every Heart a Doorway, though this new entry is described as a standalone story. (June 13) Fata Morgana by Steven R. Boyett and Ken Mitchroney The crew of a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress faces another kind of dangerous adventure entirely when they're knocked from a World War II battle into a strange and unfamiliar parallel world. (June 13) Midnight at the Electric by Jodi Lynn Anderson This tale explores the strangely interwoven lives and experiences of three women in three very different places and times: Post-World War I England; Dust Bowl-era Oklahoma; and the US Midwest, circa 2065. I'll leave you to guess which era's characters is planning to move to Mars. (June 13) Raven Stratagem by Yoon Ha Lee The author follows up Ninefox Gambit with the further adventures of Captain Kel Cheris, possessed by a centuries-old general who is both brilliant and psychotic, and is wreaking havoc on both the rebellion in their midst and an impending enemy invasion. (June 13) The Rise and Fall of DODO: A Novel by Neal Stephenson and Nicole Galland "DODO" is code for the top-secret "Department of Diachronic Operations", and this thriller involves military intelligence, time travel, linguistics and 19th-century magic, co-written by the acclaimed author of Snow Crash and Cryptonomicon. (June 13) Soleri by Michael Johnson This first book in a brand-new epic fantasy series draws inspiration from both ancient Egyptian history and King Lear. (June 13) The Space Between the Stars by Anne Corlett A space traveller values her solitude above all else until she learns that the overcrowded Earth she left behind has been decimated by a deadly virus. Joining a scrappy group of survivors, she begins the long journey home, not sure what she'll find or who she'll have to become. (June 13) The Asylum of Doctor Caligari by James Morrow In 1914, a young painter scores a job as an art therapist at a European asylum — a plum gig until he realises the asylum's director is into the very, very dark arts. (June 20) A Gathering of Ravens by Scott Oden A mythical monster who is the last of his kind emerges into a changed world hellbent on vengeance, but realises he will have to tread carefully in the battle of old versus new to get what he desires. (June 20) Indigo by Charlaine Harris, Christopher Golden, Kelley Armstrong, Jonathan Maberry, Kat Richardson, Seanan McGuire, Tim Lebbon, Cherie Priest, James Moore and Mark Morris A collaborative work about a woman in New York City who's an investigative reporter by day, and a superpowered vigilante by night. Both parts of her lives have her focusing on a single goal: Nabbing a cult that's been ruthlessly murdering children. But what role does her own mysterious past play in this vigilante saga? (June 20) Kangaroo Too by Curtis C. Chen The author follows up Waypoint Kangaroo with another tale about the secret agent. This time, spacecraft sabotage leads him to the moon, where his search for information is compromised when his partner is arrested and a terror attack wreaks havoc on the moon's booming tourist industry. (June 20) The Management Style of the Supreme Beings by Tom Holt In this comedic fantasy, the Supreme Being and his son decide they're ready to move on — and their successors make all kinds of radical changes, including doing away with the ideas of "good" and "evil". Will an old god (who still very much believes in "naughty" and "nice") come out of retirement to take charge? (June 20) Mapping the Interior by Stephen Graham Jones In this horror novella, a 15-year-old follows what he thinks is the ghost of his father into the mysterious depths of his family home. (June 20) Other Arms Reach Out to Me: Georgia Stories by Michael Bishop This collection of Georgia-set and Georgia-centric tales includes the author's Nebula-nominated novelette, "Rattlesnakes and Men". (June 20) Shattered Minds by Laura Lam In this sequel to False Hearts, erstwhile biohacker Carina has become addicted to a drug that keeps her in a constantly dark, dreamlike state — until she realises she's receiving transmissions sent by an old co-worker who was murdered by her sinister former employer. (June 20) The Strange Case of the Alchemist's Daughter by Theodora Goss Women from horror and sci-fi literary classics — including Mary Jekyll, Justine Frankenstein and Beatrice Rappaccini — come together to solve a murder mystery, while investigating their own murky pasts. Sherlock Holmes also makes a cameo. (June 20) Transformation by James Gunn The veteran author (who is not the same person as the Guardians of the Galaxy director) continues the space opera he began with Transcendental, as its enhanced-human heroes are sent to investigate a mysterious enemy that threatens planets at the edge of their realm. (June 20) The Fatal Gate by Ian Irvine The author follows up The Summon Stone with another epic fantasy tale set in the same universe as his View From the Mirror series. (June 27) Seven Stones to Stand or Fall: A Collection of Outlander Fiction by Diana Gabaldon The popular Starz TV adaptation of Gabaldon's Outlander series isn't returning until spring, so get your fix with this collection of short stories featuring its characters, including a zombie-themed tale and two never-before-published novellas. (June 27) Soul of the World by David Mealing A new fantasy trilogy kicks off with this story of three magical heroes in the making, set against the chaotic backdrop of a city on the brink of revolution. (June 27) Spoonbenders by Daryl Gregory In this comedic novel, a con man and a psychic fall in love and take their act on the road — until a tragedy changes their lives forever. But all is not lost as their son begins to realise he's inherited a very special combination of his parents' talents. (June 27) Twelve Days: A Novel by Steven Barnes A troubled soldier and a struggling family make a strange discovery while attending an unusual martial arts demonstration — and realise they may be uniquely equipped to help prevent the impending apocalypse. (June 27) The Waking Land by Callie Bates In this debut fantasy novel, a young woman is wrongfully accused of killing the king who raised her like a daughter. When she flees to her magical homeland, she begins to discover her own long-hidden powers. (June 27) The Witchwood Crown by Tad Williams The Dragonbone Chair author Williams begins Last King of Osten Ard, a new sequel trilogy, with this tale set 30 years after his earlier novels. Once again, the realm is divided by opposing forces — and an ancient race of elves is plotting to rise up and retake the lands they once ruled. (June 27) The Furthest Station by Ben Aaronovitch Ghost-hunting cop Peter Grant and his motley crew of associates return in this new novella to figure out who or what is haunting the London Underground — and why. (June 30) WATCH MORE: Entertainment News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Look At This Sonic Statue Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons Here's how long it takes for a first home buyer to save a deposit in Sydney The risks of Australia recording another negative growth quarter have eased, but there's still plenty of concern for the future © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Stratolaunch: world's biggest plane unveiled for first time ASSOCIATED PRESS LOS ANGELES Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE A handout photo made available on 01 June 2017 by Stratolaunch Systems Corp. showing the Stratolaunch aircraft rolling out of its hangar for the first time ever in Mojave, California (EPA Photo) Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business The U.S. dollar/Turkish lira (TL) exchange rate dropped to TL 3.5140... Next in Business U.S. billionaire Michael Bloomberg has offered $15 million to UN efforts... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Bulgaria seeks to lobby for faster euro adoption US unemployment rate falls to 4.3 pct in May Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Piles of wood chips sit near the RockTenn paper mill in Tacoma, in this photo from June, 2016. Even as the Trump administration seeks to roll back Obama-era rules to curb greenhouse gas emissions at coal-fired power plants and leave the Paris climate agreement, Washington state is forging ahead with its own rules to cap carbon pollution from big industrial facilities. But the state faces legal challenges as it begins requiring large polluters such as RockTenn. (Ted S. Warren / Associated Press file photo) In Our View Editorial: If Trump won’t, state can keep climate commitments Fri Jun 2nd, 2017 1:30am Opinion You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By The Herald Editorial Board Now that President Trump has pulled the United States from working with 195 other nations as part of the Paris climate agreement — choosing instead to side with Syria and Nicaragua — what’s next, specifically for those of us in Washington state? Besides selling our snow skis and learning to like farm-raised salmon? Joking aside, there’s much for our state and its residents to do. Ironically, a Thurston County Superior Court is hearing arguments today regarding a suit by an industry group and four natural gas utilities, challenging the clean air rule adopted by the state Department of Ecology that and put into effect in January. The state rule is based on a similar commitment in the Paris agreement, in that it seeks a reduction in the amount of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. A 2008 law, signed by then-Gov. Chris Gregoire, set goals of cutting emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 and to reduce emissions 25 percent below 1990 levels by 2035. Unable to get legislation passed that would have established a carbon cap-and-trade program, Gov. Jay Inslee directed the Department of Ecology in 2015 to draft a clean air rule that requires a gradual reduction in carbon from the state’s largest emitters of greenhouse gases. Directly, that’s power plants, oil refineries, natural gas utilities and manufacturers; indirectly, that’s all of us. The rule sets a cap on carbon emissions, requiring industrial producers to reduce emissions by 1.7 percent each year. The cap starts at 100,000 metric tons of carbon a year, and for the first three years will affect the state’s petroleum refineries and natural gas utilities. By 2020, the state’s petroleum importers — and by extension, motorists and other transportation users — will fall under the cap. The cap will be lowered every three years until it reaches 75,000 metric tons by 2035. The cap limit isn’t expected to reach Boeing’s Everett operations, for example, until 2035. Companies can comply with the cap limits by lowering their emissions outright, investing in projects that reduce carbon pollution or buying credits from others in an approved carbon-trading market. But industries and utilities are challenging the rule, claiming the state doesn’t have the authority to make the rule and that the rule isn’t necessary because Washington state is a leader among other states in low emissions. The courts will determine whether the state has the authority or not, but the state’s leadership in emissions — much of it thanks to the availability of hydro-power — doesn’t mean we can’t and shouldn’t do more. Inslee ordered the clean air rule to comply with the limits set by the Legislature in 2008, a commitment also required by court order from a lawsuit filed on behalf of eight children seeking greater action by the state to address climate change. Late in 2016, a study by the Department of Ecology said even deeper cuts to carbon emissions would be necessary between now and 2050 to adhere to the Paris agreement’s goal of limiting average increase of the global temperature to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit). Even if the clean air rule stands, the expected reduction by 2035 — about 16 million metric tons less than the 93 million metric tons recorded in 2013 — would fall far short of the 2008 goal of 66 million metric tons and the 2016 report’s updated goal of 53.2 million metric tons. One of the hurdles to reaching those goals has been the assumption that the economic costs of controlling carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions will be too great, but it ignores the economic advantages that could result. The state’s economic analysis of the clean air rule estimated that the costs to all businesses to comply — which, yes, are passed on to the consumer — could total as much as $6.9 billion over the next 20 years, but would be offset by $9.6 billion in benefits over the same period in improved environmental, health and other effects, the Associated Press reported in December. Others, also, are looking at how our response to climate change can be an economic engine in itself. The Association of Washington Cities and its Center for Quality Communities this year launched its Growing the Green Economy proposal, following work by Everett City Council member Paul Roberts and others, to develop an “eco-nomic” center in the state to foster the development of new technologies and products that address climate change, touching on a range of economic centers found throughout Snohomish County, the Puget Sound region and the state. With President Trump’s announcement, other nations, notably the largest carbon emitters China and India, have recommitted their nations to the Paris pact. Washington and other states can do the same. The reasons to carry on are clear, as stated in the Ecology report from December: “In recent years we have observed devastating wildfires, drought, lack of snowpack and increases in ocean acidification. These events are examples of what our future will look like if we fail to take action. While Washington cannot single-handedly solve climate change, we can do our part, and set an example for other states and jurisdictions.”   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-"Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2022". Pune, India - June 2, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cyber Weapon 1.2 Cyber Weapon Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Cyber Weapon Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Offensive Weapons 1.2.4 Defensive Weapons 1.3 Global Cyber Weapon Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cyber Weapon Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 National Defense System 1.3.3 Air Traffic Control 1.3.4 Hospital 1.3.5 Automated Transportation System 1.3.6 Industrial Control System 1.3.7 Communication network 1.3.8 Smart power grid 1.3.9 Others 1.4 Global Cyber Weapon Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cyber Weapon (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ............ 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 McAfee 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B .......Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1326590 Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-weapon-market-2017-global-industry-analysis-opportunities-size-trends-growth-and-forecast-2022/204542 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204542 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Behind the suicide of an IIT scholar in Delhi, a struggle between new ambitions and old restraints Chennai is heavily dependent on packaged water – what happens when the supply stops? This Russian joke helps explain the persistent government euphoria on the economic front MK Stalin says there will be ‘war of independence’ if Centre continues eroding states’ rights Infosys wants you to know there’s only one way to keep your job in tech Champions Trophy: India begin campaign in style with 124-run thrashing of Pakistan Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) Media watch: The Marathi press skirted around Irish Prime Minister-elect Leo Varadkar’s gay identity Zee Media will not cover India-Pakistan cricket match ‘in support of armed forces’: Subhash Chandra The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services ‘Pakistan looked like they never had a plan’: Twitter analyses India’s clinical 124-run victory Maharashtra’s leaderless farmers strike is in confusion as many want to step in to take the helm Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy space exploration A 3D-printed rocket engine just launched a new era of space exploration There are loads of applications for 3D printers in space. by  Candice Majewski, The Conversation Published Jun 01, 2017 · 11:30 pm Handout/Rocket Lab/AFP Jun 01, 2017 · 11:30 pm Candice Majewski, The Conversation Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print The rocket that blasted into space from New Zealand on May 25 was special. Not only was it the first to launch from a private site, it was also the first to be powered by an engine made almost entirely using 3D printing. This might not make it the “first 3D-printed rocket in space” that some headlines described it as, but it does highlight how seriously this manufacturing technique is being taken by the space industry. Members of the team behind the Electron rocket at US company RocketLab say the engine was printed in 24 hours and provides efficiency and performance benefits over other systems. There’s not yet much information out there regarding the exact details of the 3D-printed components. But it’s likely many of them have been designed to minimise weight while maintaining their structural performance, while other components may have been optimised to provide efficient fluid flow. These advantages – reducing weight and the potential for complex new designs – are a large part of why 3D printing is expected to find some of its most significant applications in space exploration, with dramatic effect. One thing the set of technologies known as additive manufacturing or 3D printing does really well is to produce highly complicated shapes. For example, lattice structures produced in exactly the right way so that they weigh less but are just as strong as similar solid components. This creates the opportunity to produce optimised, lightweight parts that were previously impossible to manufacture economically or efficiently with more traditional techniques. Boeing’s microlattice is an example of taking this to the extreme, supposedly producing mechanically sound structures that are 99.9% air. Not all 3D printing processes can achieve this, but even weight savings of a few percent in aircraft and spacecraft can lead to major benefits through the use of less fuel. Play Credit: Boeing/ via YouTube.com 3D printing tends to work best for the production of relatively small, intricate parts rather than large, simple structures, where the higher material and processing costs would outweigh any advantage. For example, a redesigned nozzle can enhance fuel mixing within an engine, leading to better efficiency. Increasing the surface area of a heat shield by using a patterned rather than a flat surface can mean heat is transferred away more efficiently, reducing the chances of overheating. The techniques can also reduce the amount of material wasted in manufacturing, important because space components tend to be made from highly expensive and often rare materials. 3D printing can also produce whole systems in one go rather than from lots of assembled parts. For example, NASA used it to reduce the components in one of its rocket injectors from 115 to just two. Plus, 3D printers can easily make small numbers of a part – as the space industry often needs – without first creating expensive manufacturing tools. In orbit 3D printers are also likely to find a use in space itself, where it’s difficult to keep large numbers of spare parts and hard to send out for replacements when you’re thousands of kilometres from Earth. There’s now a 3D printer on the International Space Station so, if something breaks, engineers can send up a design for a replacement and the astronauts can print it out. The current printer only deals with plastic so it’s more likely to be used for making tools or one-off replacements for low-performance parts such as door handles. But once 3D printers can more easily use other materials, we’re likely to see an increase in their uses. One day, people in space could produce their own food items and even biological materials. Recycling facilities could also enable broken parts to be reused to make the replacements. Astro printing. Photo credit: Barry Wilmore/NASA Looking even further ahead, 3D printers could prove useful in building colonies. Places like the moon don’t have much in the way of traditional building materials, but the European Space Agency has proven solar energy can power the production of “bricks” of lunar dust, which would be a good start. Researchers are now looking at how to use 3D printing to take this idea further and develop complete printed buildings on the moon. To make many of these applications a reality, we’ll need to research more advanced materials and processes that can manufacture components to withstand the extremely harsh conditions of space. Engineers also need to work on developing optimised designs and find ways of testing 3D printed parts to prove they’re safe. And then there’s the irritating issue of gravity, or rather the lack of it. Many current processes use powders or liquids as their raw materials so we’re likely to need some clever tricks in order to make these function safely in a low or microgravity environment. Some of these barriers may even require entirely new materials and techniques. But as research goes on, 3D printing is likely to be used more and more in space, even if a fully printed space vehicle isn’t going to launch any time soon. The sky is no longer the limit. Candice Majewski, Lecturer, Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Sheffield. This article first appeared on The Conversation. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. rocket company space industry New Zealand technology advancement Space station Print Related China plans to send space probe to dark side of moon Trending Behind the suicide of an IIT scholar in Delhi, a struggle between new ambitions and old restraints Chennai is heavily dependent on packaged water – what happens when the supply stops? This Russian joke helps explain the persistent government euphoria on the economic front MK Stalin says there will be ‘war of independence’ if Centre continues eroding states’ rights Infosys wants you to know there’s only one way to keep your job in tech
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Smart Bullets Market 2022 Market Competitive Landscape Analysis ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Smart Bullets Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811191/sample Global Smart Bullets market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Lockheed Martin Corporation BAE Systems PLC The Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation Thales Group Harris Corporation Boeing Corporation Taser International, Inc Northrop Grumman Corporation Dassault Aviation Textron Defense Systems Get more information about Smart Bullets Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-smart-bullets-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets for each application, including Airborne Land Naval Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811191/discount Table of Content 1 Smart Bullets Market Overview 2 Global Smart Bullets Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Smart Bullets Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Smart Bullets Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Smart Bullets Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Smart Bullets Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 BAE Systems PLC 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 BAE Systems PLC Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 The Raytheon Company 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 The Raytheon Company Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Smart Bullets Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Smart Bullets Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811191/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Login | Contact Login About Us Classifieds Hotels Booking Matrimony Archives Photos Videos Entertainment Featured India NRI Sports World Gulf Overseas Careers Travel & Tourism Overseas Careers Special 3:57 pm » A call to OFWs by Xpress Money to transform the lives of children without mothers this Mother’s Day 4:54 pm » “Bollywood’s Saudi Director, poetess & writer Sameera Aziz Conferred with the title of Princess” 1:44 am » This man teaches Indian expats how to avoid falling into debt 7:55 am » South African cultural Night amazes audience 8:46 pm » Rehabilitating Indian returnees from GCC Donald Trump’s Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States’ carbon reduction Published on Jun 02 2017 - - World - - America’s most successful free-wheeling corporate cowboys, and girls, don’t care much for governments, their laws and their taxes — they invent, invest, manufacture, buy and sell in spite of such meddlesome annoyances. In hubs along the west coast and in many other places besides, American industry is investing like there is no tomorrow in energy-efficient semi-conductors, cleaner power generation, batteries and electric cars. By one industry estimate, there are 2.2 million American jobs tied up in energy efficiency — from replacing clunky old heating and air conditioning through to the 6,000 workers engaged in geo-thermal power discoveries. The same lobby has even broken the jobs down into “red and blue” states to prove the point that clean energy is as big a deal in the combined Trump mid-west heartland — Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee — as it is in California. An estimated $100 billion is being ploughed into the sector via corporate investments, private equity and venture capital. Like all investors, those putting up the money were anxious that Mr Trump keep America in the Paris Climate Agreement. But now he has opted out, it doesn’t necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions. Eleven per cent in eight years … Could US still meet its target? Barack Obama’s national pledge in Paris was to reduce US emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2025, using a 2005 measure as the starting point. Pressure from all sides The messy withdrawal from the Paris agreement is a reflection of the pressure the President’s been under to both stay in, and pull out, of the deal, writes Zoe Daniel. As America was already striving for a 17 per cent target by 2020, the Paris Agreement meant an extra effort of nine to 11 per cent. Analysts have been quick to cast doubt on whether the goal can be reached once the White House has ripped up the discipline imposed by an international agreement. But there is one certainty Mr Trump’s Rose Garden pronouncement does not change: his country is on a course towards carbon reduction that might be slowed, but cannot be stopped. Whether it is Boeing or Chevrolet’s pursuit of cleaner, quieter engines, Carrier’s invention of more efficient air conditioning or the construction of large lithium-ion battery centres springing up throughout California, there is too much at stake for American industry to turn back on securing some of the roughly $US1.4 trillion global spend on clean energy products. Besides, state governments remain active in carbon reduction through emissions trading, incentives to modernise or convert coal-fired power plants, vehicle fuel standards, rooftop solar incentives and energy-efficient building standards. Where do the dollars go? One of Mr Trump’s stated reasons for quitting the Paris Agreement was his objection to the US paying money into the UN’s Green Climate Fund (GCF), an investment bank with deposits from wealthier countries to fund climate mitigation works in poorer nations. The fund’s board is currently chaired by Australia, which has contributed $200 million. “So we’re going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars and we’re already way ahead of anybody else,” Mr Trump said. “Many of the other countries haven’t spent anything. And many of them will never pay one dime.” What is the Paris climate deal? What did countries say they would do under the terms of the Paris climate accord, and how will it be funded? In his Rose Garden speech, Mr Trump highlighted America’s $US20 trillion in debt and referred to UN officials wanting $US100 billion “per year” for the GCF — he also spoke of its executive director aspiring to get funding increases of “$US450 billion per year after 2020”. He may fret about future US financial exposure, but failed to mention there is an effective cap on the initial pledge made by Mr Obama when he sought to build international consensus for the Paris meeting. Of the $US3 billion Mr Obama originally committed, only $US1 billion has so far been paid and half of that was made in a last-minute $US500 million payment slipped out on his third-last day in the Oval Office in January. Even without further US contributions, the GCF is meant to have almost $US200 billion in its account by 2020, due to contributions by other governments and private donations. As yet, there are no indications that any country will be asked to make up what appears to be a $US2 billion hole created by Mr Trump’s decision. Promises, promises… The President has couched his decision as one that “protects the environment, our companies, our citizens and our country”. It certainly fulfils an election promise, but it is not safe to assume that America’s companies or its environment need or want the sort of “protection” the White House is providing. The withdrawal suggests the White House is rigidly intent on fulfilling chief strategist Steve Bannon’s quest to “deconstruct the administrative state” while ignoring the fact the US economy is propelled by an in-built commercial inertia to decarbonise the atmospheric state. In that conflict, the smart money should be on America’s corporate cowboys, its states and its mighty research and development institutions prevailing — that’s what they’re good at Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) Translate News in your own Language » Search for: Recent Posts Trump ditches climate deal: Be happy! Now we can blame US, says Putin North Korea a ‘clear and present danger’ to world, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says Maharashtra farmers withdraw strike after meeting CM Fadnavis PM Modi’s US visit still on despite Trump rant against India on climate change CC Champions Trophy, India Vs Pakistan: History Gives Virat Kohli’s Men The Edge Recent Comments Categories Entertainment Expat Ride Featured Gulf Hyderabad India NRI Overseas Careers Special Sports Travel & Tourism Uncategorized Women World Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org >> << Entertainment Kapil Sharma apologises to Sunil Grover on Twitter Oscar nomination overwhelming for Dev Patel Dil in mushkil, Karan Johar says alvida to Pakistani actors Gaata Rahe Mera Dil……. Birthday Special – Lata Mangeshkar If banning actors can stop terrorism, government should do it: Varun Navjot Singh Sidhu has already quit The Kapil Sharma Show. Here’s the reason Amitabh Bachchan stays awake till family’s women return home MS Dhoni’ a tale of hard work and success: Sushant Proud of Indian roots, says Miss Japan Sultan’ is the most gripping film of Salman Khan’s career, says father Salim Khan Copyright © 2011 YaHind.Com – NRIs Portal Powered by Yahind Infotech.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Air Force Has Begun Experimentation, Planning and Investments for a 6th Generation Fighter to Come After the F-35 Scout Warrior Thursday at 9:09 PM / Originally published onWarrior The Pentagon's 6th Generation Fighter may be stealthy and will likely have next-generation computers, electronic warfare technology, speed, weapons and sensors The Air Force has begun experimenting and conceptual planning for a 6th generation fighter aircraft to emerge in coming years as a technological step beyond the F-35, service leaders said.  "We have started experimentation, developmental planning and technology investment," said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Acquisition.  The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. While Bunch did not elaborate on the specifics of ongoing early efforts, he did make reference to the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan which delineates some key elements of the service's strategy for a future platform.  Fighter  jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself.  Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News.  The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said.  The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Northrop Grumman   Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier.  Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.”  Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology.  Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs.  Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature.  Northrop Grumman Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said.  This could reduce drag, increase speed and maneuverability while increasing the technological ability of the sensors. It is also possible that the new 6th-generation fighter could use advanced, futuristic stealth technology able to enable newer, more capable air defenses. The air defenses of potential adversaries are increasingly using faster computing processing power and are better networked together, more digital, able to detect a wider range of frequencies and able to detect stealthy aircraft at farther distances.  The new 6th-generation fighter will also likely fire lasers and have the ability to launch offensive electronic attacks. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Army Builds New Lightweight .50-Cal Gun McKay ties school record during Regional play NC State Holds Off Kentucky, 5-4 Elite 11 Finals: Day Two Top Ten PUP List for Miami Dolphins' Mike Pouncey? Share & Embed Elite 11 Finals: Day Two Top Ten Full Story Scout Top Stories Elite 11 Finals: Day Two Top TenScout takes a look at the top ten performers on Day Two of the Elite 11 Finals at Redondo Union HS in Southern California... by West Recruiting Team Scout FootballYesterday at 11:45 PM Breaking News NC State Holds Off Kentucky, 5-4LEXINGTON, Ky. – Senior pitcher Sean Adler threw 7.2 innings out of the bullpen to lift the NC State baseball team to a 5-4 win against No. 11 Kentucky Saturday night at Cliff… by NC State Athletics Pack PrideYesterday at 8:32 PM Heels Roll Past WolverinesUNC staves off elimination with a dominant victory on Saturday. by Greg Barnes Inside CarolinaYesterday at 1:06 PM Breaking News 5-star Brian Bowen commits to LouisvilleLouisville added to their 2017 recruiting class in a big way on Wednesday, as five-star wing Brian Bowen opted for the Cardinals. by Evan Daniels Scout HoopsYesterday at 12:06 PM Building an Empire, One Doughnut at a TimeInspired by a former All-Pro teammate and the wizards of Silicon Valley, Green Bay Packers defensive tackle Ricky Jean Francois is a self-taught businessman who owns 25 Dunkin'… by Bill Huber Packer ReportYesterday at 7:02 AM What Future Army Air Assaults Will Look LikeAn Airborne satellite network gives paratroopers combat-relevant details while enroute to an assault by Scout Warrior Warrior7:28 AM Byrne and Faedo combine for classic win in 12Not exactly how you draw it up, but Florida head coach Kevin O’Sullivan will take a 5-1, 12-inning win over South Florida every time he can get it. That it came in the winner’s… by Bob Redman Fightin Gators12:27 AM Lifelong Cal Fan Berger Commits to BearsKentfield (Calif.) Marin Catholic right-handed pitcher Addison Berger has gone from sleeping in Cal bedsheets as a child to a Golden Bears commit. by Ryan Gorcey BearTerritory.net12:09 AM McKay ties school record during Regional play Louisville junior Brendan McKay is now tied with Kyle Funkhouser for most career strikeouts in program history by Michael McCammon Cardinal AuthorityYesterday at 9:34 PM PUP List for Miami Dolphins' Mike Pouncey?Could Miami Dolphins Center Mike Pouncey find himself on the PUP list to begin the 2017 season? by Michael Hernandez Dolphins ReportYesterday at 2:24 PM Army Builds New Lightweight .50-Cal GunThe Army's new lightweight .50-cal Machine Gun will better enable Soldiers to protect convoys, destroy enemies and move between combat locations. by Scout Warrior WarriorYesterday at 8:03 AM Freshman Snider comes up big for CardsLouisville freshman Jake Snider came up big with a two-run home run in the NCAA opener on Friday night. It was the fits home run of his career for Snider, whose father is assistant… by Tyler Stocking Cardinal AuthorityFriday at 11:24 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Cyber Weapon Market Estimated to grow at a Healthy CAGR by 2022 Latest niche market research report on “2017 Market Research Report on Global Cyber Weapon Industry” available with OrbisResearch.com. In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations. The 2017 market research report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is an in-depth study and analysis of the market by our industry experts with unparalleled domain knowledge. The report will shed light on many critical points and trends of the industry which are useful for our esteemed clients. The report covers a vast expanse of information including an overview, comprehensive analysis, definitions and classifications, applications, and expert opinions, among others. With the extent of information filled in the report, the presentation and style of the Global Cyber Weapon Market report is a noteworthy. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The key players covered in the report provide a detailed analysis of the competition and their developments in the Global Cyber Weapon Industry. Accurate forecasts and expert opinion from credible sources, and the recent R&D development in the industry is also a mainstay of the Cyber Weapon Market report. The report also focuses on the significance of industry chain analysis and all variables, both upstream and downstream. These include equipment and raw materials, client surveys, marketing channels, and industry trends and proposals. Other significant information covering consumption, key regions and distributors, and raw material suppliers are also a covered in this report. Finally, the Cyber Weapon Market report ends with a detailed SWOT analysis of the market, investment feasibility and returns, and development trends and forecasts. As with every report on Orbis Research, the Cyber Weapon Industry is the holy grail of information which serious knowledge seekers can benefit from. The report which is the result of ultimate dedication of pedigree professionals has a wealth of information which can benefit anyone, irrespective of their commercial or academic interest. Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/306406 . Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 1 Boeing Company 1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 1.2.1 Product A 1.2.2 Product B 1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.2.1 Product A 2.2.2 Product B 2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 3 Cisco Systems 3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 3.2.1 Product A 3.2.2 Product B 3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4 McAfee 4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 4.2.1 Product A 4.2.2 Product B 4.3 McAfee Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5 General Dynamics Corporation 5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 5.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 5.2.1 Product A 5.2.2 Product B 5.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 BAE Systems plc 6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 6.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 6.2.1 Product A 6.2.2 Product B 6.3 BAE Systems plc Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7 Symantec Corporation 1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.1 Product A 2.2 Product B 3 Symantec Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Northrop Grumman Corporation 8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 8.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 8.2.1 Product A 8.2.2 Product B 8.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9 Raytheon Company 9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 9.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.1 Product A 9.2.2 Product B 9.3 Raytheon Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 10 General Dynamics Corporation 10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 10.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 10.2.1 Product A 10.2.2 Product B 10.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 11 BAE System plc 12 Avast Software 13 AVG Technologies About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Cyber Weapon Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Color Sorter Machinery Market 2017-2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application Next PostNext Global Architectural Membrane Market Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2022- Market Research Report Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate 82° Full Menu 82° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Business June 01, 2017 9:07 PM Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time By JOHN ANTCZAK Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LOS ANGELES Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 16 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 18 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business The Latest: 3 Australians injured in London attacks How schools, trains and concerts are building up Miami’s neighborhoods Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Luxury amenities still a draw for expensive condos Planning a party? Created by a chef, this app is at your service Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Print Share this story Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Updated 2 June 2017, 14:20 AEST By national affairs correspondent Greg Jennett Now Donald Trump has opted out of the Paris Agreement, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions, writes Greg Jennett. America's most successful free-wheeling corporate cowboys, and girls, don't care much for governments, their laws and their taxes — they invent, invest, manufacture, buy and sell in spite of such meddlesome annoyances. In hubs along the west coast and in many other places besides, American industry is investing like there is no tomorrow in energy-efficient semi-conductors, cleaner power generation, batteries and electric cars. By one industry estimate, there are 2.2 million American jobs tied up in energy efficiency — from replacing clunky old heating and air conditioning through to the 6,000 workers engaged in geo-thermal power discoveries. The same lobby has even broken the jobs down into "red and blue" states to prove the point that clean energy is as big a deal in the combined Trump mid-west heartland — Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee — as it is in California. An estimated $100 billion is being ploughed into the sector via corporate investments, private equity and venture capital. Like all investors, those putting up the money were anxious that Mr Trump keep America in the Paris Climate Agreement. But now he has opted out, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions. Eleven per cent in eight years … Could US still meet its target? Barack Obama's national pledge in Paris was to reduce US emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2025, using a 2005 measure as the starting point. Pressure from all sides The messy withdrawal from the Paris agreement is a reflection of the pressure the President's been under to both stay in, and pull out, of the deal, writes Zoe Daniel. As America was already striving for a 17 per cent target by 2020, the Paris Agreement meant an extra effort of nine to 11 per cent. Analysts have been quick to cast doubt on whether the goal can be reached once the White House has ripped up the discipline imposed by an international agreement. But there is one certainty Mr Trump's Rose Garden pronouncement does not change: his country is on a course towards carbon reduction that might be slowed, but cannot be stopped. Whether it is Boeing or Chevrolet's pursuit of cleaner, quieter engines, Carrier's invention of more efficient air conditioning or the construction of large lithium-ion battery centres springing up throughout California, there is too much at stake for American industry to turn back on securing some of the roughly $US1.4 trillion global spend on clean energy products. Besides, state governments remain active in carbon reduction through emissions trading, incentives to modernise or convert coal-fired power plants, vehicle fuel standards, rooftop solar incentives and energy-efficient building standards. Where do the dollars go? One of Mr Trump's stated reasons for quitting the Paris Agreement was his objection to the US paying money into the UN's Green Climate Fund (GCF), an investment bank with deposits from wealthier countries to fund climate mitigation works in poorer nations. The fund's board is currently chaired by Australia, which has contributed $200 million. "So we're going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars and we're already way ahead of anybody else," Mr Trump said. "Many of the other countries haven't spent anything. And many of them will never pay one dime." What is the Paris climate deal? What did countries say they would do under the terms of the Paris climate accord, and how will it be funded? In his Rose Garden speech, Mr Trump highlighted America's $US20 trillion in debt and referred to UN officials wanting $US100 billion "per year" for the GCF — he also spoke of its executive director aspiring to get funding increases of "$US450 billion per year after 2020". He may fret about future US financial exposure, but failed to mention there is an effective cap on the initial pledge made by Mr Obama when he sought to build international consensus for the Paris meeting. Of the $US3 billion Mr Obama originally committed, only $US1 billion has so far been paid and half of that was made in a last-minute $US500 million payment slipped out on his third-last day in the Oval Office in January. Even without further US contributions, the GCF is meant to have almost $US200 billion in its account by 2020, due to contributions by other governments and private donations. As yet, there are no indications that any country will be asked to make up what appears to be a $US2 billion hole created by Mr Trump's decision. Promises, promises… The President has couched his decision as one that "protects the environment, our companies, our citizens and our country". It certainly fulfils an election promise, but it is not safe to assume that America's companies or its environment need or want the sort of "protection" the White House is providing. The withdrawal suggests the White House is rigidly intent on fulfilling chief strategist Steve Bannon's quest to "deconstruct the administrative state" while ignoring the fact the US economy is propelled by an in-built commercial inertia to decarbonise the atmospheric state. In that conflict, the smart money should be on America's corporate cowboys, its states and its mighty research and development institutions prevailing — that's what they're good at. Topics: Climate Change United States World Politics Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories London Bridge attack: Jeremy Corbyn says Britain needs to have 'difficult' talks with Saudi Arabia Vladimir Putin 'didn't even really talk to' Michael Flynn at a 2015 Russia Today gala dinner Hong Kong vigil: Tens of thousands pack Victoria Park for Tiananmen Square anniversary Champions League: 1,400 Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin's San Carlo Square Donald Trump's Paris climate pull-out puts him on a collision course with market forces Latest London attack puts Australia's military call out powers back in the spotlight More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ח' סיון תשע"ז   |   Thursday, June 1, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 11:25 pm | ז' סיון תשע"ז The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp./AP) LOS ANGELES (AP) - Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Filed under: Space Print Email Gmail Related India Launches More Than 100 Satellites Into Orbit SpaceX Set to Launch Satellites for European Company New Zealand Test Rocket Makes It to Space But Not to Orbit Billionaires Aim for Cheaper Spaceflight Why Paul Allen Is Building the World’s Largest Airplane More in Technology CarFit Events Help Senior Drivers Find the Best Fit Forget Supersonic: Hypersonic is the U.S. Military’s New Speed First Israeli Environmental Research Satellite on Its Way to Launch No Matter How You Slice It, Preparing Vegetables Is Relaxing ‘That’s a Big One’: Father-Son Team Relocates 40,000 Bees Swarming in Virginia Neighborhood OP-ED The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules ‘What I Am Doing Is Right’: Remembering an American Hero on Memorial Day Seeking Out Tzaddikim Voting-Rights Activists Should Love the Supreme Court’s Ruling Entitled to Survive The Message From Riyadh A Display of Genuine Friendship Mr. Berman’s Bubby The Guardrails Can’t Contain Trump Features Nichum Aveilim 5 Sivan/May 30 This Day In History 5 Sivan/May 30 Science: How We Know That We Know What We Know Shavuos Treats Sudoku – May 30, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part II) Social Issues at Camp This Day In History 4 Sivan/May 29 So Many Ways To Spell It Nichum Aveilim 4 Sivan/May 29 Editorial Cartoon – May 29, 2017 Sudoku – May 29, 2017 This Day In History 1 Sivan/May 26 Why Isn’t Simchas Torah on Shavuos? Weather » Brooklyn 71°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,246.83 +48.3135 (+0.7794%) S&P 500 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8914 GBP 0.7759 ILS 3.5518 CHF 0.9710 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Hanapepe kicks off bon season Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! HANAPEPE — There was a lot of activity in Hanapepe Friday, as evidenced by the line of cars crawling along Kaumualii Highway — a bon dance at the West Kauai Hongwanji, Hanapepe Temple, Zumba classes at the Hanapepe United Church of Christ, the Lula Roe pop-up and the weekly Hanapepe Art Night. Comments (0) Talk story with Bill Fernandez Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! Talk story with Bill Fernandez Comments (0) Recent Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Arrest log for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Young Brothers posts flat first quarter Obituaries for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Kauai Humane Society overflowing Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Running in the Ivy League Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! LIHUE — It took a while for Kaeo Kruse to settle into life on the East Coast. Comments (0) Weston-Webb second in Fiji Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! Kauai’s Tatiana Weston-Webb runner-up in Fiji Comments (0) Recent Sailboat Junior Invitational races in heavy winds Showtime tonight Three-pointers fuel Na Koa sweep Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Kauai footballers taking on Europe Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! On Friday evening, July 1, 1960, a party celebrating the opening that day of Inter-Island Resorts’ Kauai Surf Hotel at Kalapaki was held at the Planter’s Bar lanai of the new hotel. Comments (0) Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am New! South Korea’s iconic female K-pop group, 2NE1, disbanded end of last year as members decided to pursue solo careers. Sistar, another popular female K-pop group, disbanded last week after being together for 7 years and many hits. Comments (0) Recent Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Births for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Get a ‘Taste’ of this one Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Story Comments Image (4) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Associated Press | 0 comments LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy More about General News The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in critical condition The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in critical condition The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in critical condition The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in critical condition The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in critical condition More about Science ARTICLE: Environmental studies don't support Trump's 'cleanest' claim Environmental studies don't support Trump's 'cleanest' claim Environmental studies don't support Trump's 'cleanest' claim Environmental studies don't support Trump's 'cleanest' claim Environmental studies don't support Trump's 'cleanest' claim Discuss Print   Posted in National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Science, Technology, Space Industry, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Aeronautics Technology, Aerospace Technology, Industrial Technology, Space Tour Operators, First Time Events, Space Tourism, Leisure Travel, Travel, Lifestyle, Aircraft Manufacturing, Space Launches | Location Tags: California, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Scooby to the rescue More arrests in Kalalau Polihale has some pull Business is booming Rose-ringed solution All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Red Sox Weather Traffic Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time, Wednesday in Mojave, California. –Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP By JOHN ANTCZAK AP, June 1, 2017 LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 1. Gigantic The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Advertisement Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ 2. Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 3. Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ 4. History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. Advertisement More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 5. What’s next The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. TOPICS: National News Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy World News Report of multiple casualties in incident on London Bridge June 3, 2017 | 6:53 PM Local News Massachusetts driver killed in New Hampshire crash June 3, 2017 | 1:42 PM Local News Massachusetts bill would ban Native American school mascots June 3, 2017 | 1:09 PM Local News 'This mouse was no quitter.' June 3, 2017 | 12:46 PM Technology No, your phone didn’t ring. So why voice mail from a telemarketer? June 3, 2017 | 12:40 PM Local News Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office June 3, 2017 | 10:24 AM Local News Woman hit, killed by commuter rail train in Lynn June 3, 2017 | 9:56 AM Local News Colleges celebrate diversity with separate commencements June 3, 2017 | 9:30 AM National News Obama breaks tradition with statement on Paris climate deal June 3, 2017 | 9:09 AM Local News 150 years of Frank Lloyd Wright: Special tours of rare house June 3, 2017 | 8:49 AM Local News Lawmakers mull later school openings, time zone change June 3, 2017 | 8:46 AM Politics At state Democratic convention, will the party move to the left? June 3, 2017 | 8:35 AM Politics 4 New England states join Paris climate goal alliance June 2, 2017 | 8:48 PM Local News Authorities: Toddler nearly dies from edible marijuana June 2, 2017 | 8:28 PM Health Health officials warn of mumps outbreak in Massachusetts June 2, 2017 | 8:26 PM Local News ‘He said he would kill me,’ Rachelle Bond says of ex-boyfriend during testimony June 2, 2017 | 4:39 PM Local News Watch Rachelle Bond testify at the Bella Bond murder trial June 2, 2017 | 2:06 PM Local News Student who disappeared in Franklin died of the cold, authorities say June 2, 2017 | 1:27 PM Local News MIT scientists say Trump misused their climate change research to defend leaving Paris accord June 2, 2017 | 12:37 PM Local News Please stop trying to steal the shark artwork in Chatham, artist says June 2, 2017 | 12:08 PM Local News Bear kills, eats Connecticut family's donkey June 2, 2017 | 10:34 AM National News Bucking Trump, these cities, states and companies commit to Paris accord June 2, 2017 | 9:40 AM Local News After Trump’s climate pact announcement, a green Boston City Hall June 2, 2017 | 9:37 AM Local News The forgotten riot that sparked Boston’s racial unrest June 2, 2017 | 9:33 AM Local News In a brief prep school career, a growing list of sexual misconduct allegations June 2, 2017 | 9:20 AM Local News A mystery in Franklin Park: Is a fountain from the 1800s buried there? June 2, 2017 | 9:14 AM Local News Man struck, killed by bullet that came through home's window June 2, 2017 | 8:07 AM Local News 'She didn't seem to be too broken up,' friend says of Rachelle Bond June 2, 2017 | 7:18 AM National News 10 things to know for today June 2, 2017 | 5:58 AM Animals More bears are coming to eastern Massachusetts. Here's what you need to know. June 2, 2017 | 5:00 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Election 2017 Tech Science selected Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Science & Environment Science & Environment ViaSat-2: Satellite goliath goes into orbit By Jonathan Amos BBC Science Correspondent 2 June 2017 From the section Science & Environment These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-40123180 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AFP Image caption The Ariane lifted away from its pad during a tropical rain shower The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes. Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price. Inmarsat rides SpaceX Falcon Intelsat rolls out next-gen system Image copyright VIASAT Image caption Artwork: ViaSat-2 will be positioned 36,000km above the equator at 69 degrees West The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption Eutelsat-172B is the first satellite from Airbus to use all-electric propulsion for orbit-raising and station-keeping That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellite's communications payload for no additional weight. The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsat's platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europe's biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America. But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still. "We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; that's the bet we've made," said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. "JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now they're giving it away for free and we're providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video," he told BBC News. ViaSat-2's "footprint" touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption 172B has a 3D printed bracket (far right) holding an antenna to the satellite. This component is 35% lighter than the conventionally produced bracket (far left) From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsat's 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier. This can flexibly switch power between the satellite's 11 spot beams to make sure the available bandwidth is always focused where it is needed most - whether that be on the planes moving east-west from Japan to California, say, or when they go in the other direction as a cluster at a different time of day. "To oversimplify, in-flight connectivity has mostly been restricted to the US. But now it is expanding into the Asia-Pacific region and it's also coming to Europe," said Rodolphe Belmer, Eutelsat's chief executive officer. "We see spontaneous demand from airlines and it's booming. It's true the technology hasn't always delivered, but you will see with the introduction of very high throughput satellites in the next few years that we will be able to… bring a massive quantity of bandwidth onboard the plane, meaning you can stream Netflix in HD. That's a game-changer." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In-flight connectivity is a key battleground for the satellite operators Euroconsult is one of the world's leading analyst groups following the satellite industry. Its research confirms the rapid growth now taking place, and says this will only accelerate. Euroconsult's recent report on in-flight-connectivity (IFC) predicted nearly half of all commercial planes would be enabled by 2021, pushing revenues for the suppliers of onboard services from $1bn to $6.5bn inside 10 years. But Euroconsult's CEO, Pacôme Revillon, said there will be winners and losers in this IFC race and this would likely be decided in the very near future. "Going to 2020, approximately 50% of aircraft could have opted for their chosen connectivity solutions, and certainly all of the major airlines will have made that choice. By that stage the market share could decide who are the winners and losers, and we anticipate seeing some consolidation in this sector, with two to three companies coming to dominate the market," he told BBC News. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos Related Topics Broadband Airbus Group Internet Aerospace Engineering Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Police 'know identity of London attackers' Three men killed seven people and injured 48 near London Bridge. They were shot dead by police within eight minutes of the first call made to 999. 5 June 2017 Joy shines through pain at benefit gig 5 June 2017 London attack updates 3 June 2017 Features 1967 war: Six days which changed the Middle East One Love Manchester: The most emotional moments Are most of us unintentionally racist? One man, four wives: The new hit reality TV show How a woman from the far-right fell in love with a migrant Taking his own path: The world's leading maze designer How air conditioning changed the world Video Cosby accuser: 'I thought I was going to die' Video The man at the centre of Trump’s biggest crisis News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech Science selected Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:34 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search SilentHawk: DARPA’s Stealth Dirt Bike Speeds Closer to Reality © Logos Technologies Military & Intelligence 03:24 02.06.2017(updated 10:12 02.06.2017) Get short URL 33301104 Logos Technologies, the company hard at work on prototypes for electric military motorcycles for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, said that the ultra-quiet two-wheelers are near completion. "The idea is to have two test motorcycles," Doug Rombough, vice president of business development for Logos, told Stars and Stripes. The vehicles, which will also carry equipment, will be equipped with front-wheel drive.  © AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman Corp Space Ghost: Boeing and DARPA Team Up for New Hypersonic Spaceplane Since 2015 Logos has been developing the hybrid electric dirt bike known as the SilentHawk, and is also making progress on a multi-fuel hybrid with an air-cooled engine, as well as an all-electric motorcycle. The SilentHawk’s drive system will make it easier to start the vehicle on a steep hill, which for a conventional motorcycle is typically a difficult task, according to lead engineer Alex Dzwill. He said, "On a typical dirt bike you would use a ton of power trying to move in sand … With the front-wheel drive you can climb out of it without using too much power." The recreation dirt bike on which the SilentHawk is based was created by Alta Motors in California. It weighs 267 pounds and costs $15,000. © Photo: Pixabay 'Watt' a Shocker! New DARPA Project Seeks to Electrically Rewire Human Brains Dzwill said that on off-road terrain the bike has a range of 40-50 miles, which increases to 170 miles once a multi-fuel generator is added. He also noted that it will be able to power electronic equipment in the field and that the range extender will be easy to remove and replace. Rombough said, "Soldiers could be sitting on a hill and top up the battery with the generator and charge up other gear … They are carrying more and more equipment that has to be powered so it’s a great benefit." He added that the US Marine Corps and Army, as well as foreign militaries have expressed interest in the SilentHawk, though Logos still has a year to develop the vehicle. "The DARPA program calls for a lightweight, rugged, single-track vehicle that can operate near-silently for extended periods while transporting small numbers of troops over hostile terrain," according to Logos. "Operators will benefit from the near-silent capability and ease of operation of an all-electric vehicle, along with the adaptable power generation and extended range of a multifuel internal combustion engine. The bike will also offer the capability to provide supplemental power for electric devices in the field." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 104 Related: DARPA Military Orders Software to Dramatically Boost Computing Power Catch and Release: Darpa’s Reusable Gremlin Drones to Lower Costs Pentagon’s DARPA Tests Underwater Drone Positioning System Pentagon’s DARPA Develops Kit Turning Aircraft Into Drones Cosplay in the Surveillance State: DARPA Tests Radiation Detection System Tags: motorcycle, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14837 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10287 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7194 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7171All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Jubilee, Nasa clash over free education Uhuru says Raila is a copycat IS claims London attacks Governors: We are not to blame for nurses’ pay row Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Fake China, India drugs put Kenyans at risk Court holds that expatriates must pay tax to KRA Kenya set to issue four-day transit visa Eritrean investors to build Sh450m luxury hotel in Nairobi suburb Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Taita Taveta to spend millions to tackle water shortage Senate summons Kidero over Sh72b debt Stop clinging on Raila for survival, Uhuru told Man killed in ‘drug deal’ gone wrong Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports ASHIHUNDU: Your work at AFC cut out for you, Mr Marin OJAUNG: Time ripe to rethink local league calendar St Anthony's, Wiyeta seek to retain titles Kenyan women hit Uganda in shorter version of game Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WARAH: Looking into colonial past and hard questions for community SANG: Conserving environment the responsibility of all Kenyans GUTERRES: Peacekeeping must adapt to new reality BINDRA: The enigma that is Wenger, most successful soccer manager in Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style JUST BRENDA: Should I tell my girlfriend how much I earn? Painful experience losing a friend who fought cancer to last breath WORLD OF FIGURES: How much is enough for free secondary education? JBLESSING: I have paid my dues Videos = Home News Ngunze, the 'man in the arena', leaves top Kenya Airways seat Saturday June 3 2017 email print Kenya Airways chief executive officer Mbuvi Ngunze at the airline's office in Nairobi on July 21, 2016. PHOTO | JEFF ANGOTE | NATION MEDIA GROUP  In Summary Mbuvi Ngunze joined Kenya Airways in 2011 as the chief operating officer before taking over from Titus Naikuni as the chief executive officer in 2014. As he leaves, the 49-year-old says he will miss the airline's staff and the adrenaline rush that comes with making tough decisions. Advertisement By ELVIS ONDIEKI More by this Author There is a “man in the arena” described by America’s 26th president Theodore Roosevelt whom former Kenya Airways chief executive officer Mbuvi Ngunze thinks is his mirror image. That man, Mr Roosevelt said in a famous speech, deserves all the credit because his work is not to criticise others but to take challenges head-on while in the arena. The man’s face is covered in dust, sweat and blood; he errs again and again knowing he will succeed at the end. “At the worst, if he fails, he at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat,” said President Roosevelt in his 1910 Citizenship in a Republic speech delivered after he left office. That Mr Ngunze used that quote as he closed a presentation during an official Kenya Airways (KQ) event a week before the end of his tenure as chief executive officer shows how much he identifies with the “man in the arena”. On Wednesday, Mr Ngunze left the hot seat of the airline that in recent years has been flying through turbulent times to Sebastian Mikosz, a Polish national, to continue the turnaround plan. In June and July, Mr Ngunze will serve KQ as a restructuring advisor before calling it a day. 'WELL-DESERVED BREAK' “After that I will take a well-deserved break. I’ll take three months off. I just want to take time off and then I can decide what the next step is. I don’t want to pre-empt anything at this moment,” he told the Nation. Mr Ngunze departs at a time when the troubled carrier has reduced its full-year net loss by more than half to Sh10.2 billion for the year to March. The loss reported in the last period was Sh26.2 billion. He joined KQ in 2011 as the chief operating officer before taking over from Mr Titus Naikuni as CEO on December 1, 2014. It has been a turbulent tenure but as he leaves, Mr Ngunze, 49, says he would miss the KQ staff the most, and the adrenaline rush that comes with making tough decisions, something he had to do often at the national carrier. Asked if there is one decision that was hard for him to make, he reckons that there were many, but the laying off of employees was always the toughest. “When you are making decisions around people, it is never easy — because you are actually impacting lives. But you know it’s not personal, it’s really for the betterment of the company. And we were very objective in making sure the people were handled with a lot of respect,” he says. CONTROVERSIAL CUTS The cuts at the airline were often controversial, stirring industrial action and court cases. As CEO, he would report to the office by 6.15am. He loved to start his day with a “passage or something that’s inspiring”. He would spend the rest of the day in meetings, conference calls and all, sometimes up to 8pm. When time allowed during weekends, he could be found playing golf at the Karen Country Club. He says his skills are above average, and to prove it points to his July 2013 win at the Citibank Corporate Golf Day where he beat 160 competitors. “I don’t get as much opportunity to play golf. I hope I’ll be able to enjoy a few more rounds of golf than I’ve had a chance to recently. Golf is therapeutic. Even when I’ve been busy at KQ, I’ve tried to get out and play some golf,” he says. At other times during weekends, you can find him in front of a television set worrying about Liverpool Football Club, a team that plays in the English Premier League. The wins and losses of his favourite football club, have offered lessons that he has applied in is managerial career, he says. 'WILL DELIVER' “You can’t always have your way. But what I tell my teams always is, ‘Hold your head high.’ If you know what your true north is, go in an unrelenting manner, because if you’re clear, you will deliver,” says Mr Ngunze. At times, he says, he was frustrated by the behaviour of some staff as he tried to steer the airline through troubled times. One low moment, he points out, was when the Kenya Airline Pilots Association demanded the sacking of the entire KQ senior management last year. “I don’t understand where they were coming from, particularly because we kept them fully informed of all the plans. And to be quite honest, it surprised me that knowing what we were doing internally, they were going against the grain,” says Mr Ngunze. Looking back, he believes with the benefit of hindsight his critics can now appreciate the efforts to change the fortunes of the airline. “I think they are probably eating humble pie right now because the reality is, the same things we were doing are the ones that are delivering results,” he says. In short, Mr Ngunze believes he leaves the airline on a firm path to recovery with the challenge now in the hands of Mr Mikosz and board Chairman Michael Joseph. The new CEO is known as a ruthless turnaround master. 'MORE AGILE' “KQ will be a more agile airline because the lessons of the last years really have driven much more around agility and the need to be very responsive in the context,” he says. Mr Ngunze, who was in the Alliance High School’s class of 1985 and the University of Nairobi’s class of 1990, started his career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers then went to Bamburi Cement in 1998 as finance manager before he moved to Hima Cement in Uganda, a subsidiary of the French industrial company Lafarge, in March 2002 as a managing director. In May 2006, he moved to the Lafarge headquarters in Paris. Three years later he was appointed general manager for Mbeya Cement, Lafarge’s branch in Tanzania. He left Mbeya Cement for KQ in 2011. A father of one, Mr Ngunze says his shift from Lafarge to KQ provided a whole new set of challenges, the biggest of which is the publicity his post brought. As the KQ chief executive, he was confronted by such issues as exploitative fuel hedging contracts, a weak shilling, poaching of staff by Middle East airlines, flight delays among others. Among the interventions he championed was to hire contractors to clean up the mess. He also pushed for the sale or leasing of some planes. REDUCED COSTS As per the 2016 report, KQ subleased three Boeing 777s and two Boeing 787s and sold two Boeing 777s, bringing fleet costs down by Sh14 billion to Sh15.5 billion. “The decisions about selling aircraft, assets which you’ve bought, were not easy because there is always the point that you don’t buy aircraft to sell them in our industry. But when you see the excess capacity we were carrying, I had to make that bold decision. And today we’re seeing the benefits of some of those decisions,” he says. Overall, he says, he is proud of his achievements, saying the results announced two weeks ago were “a manifestation of the hard work, the heavy lifting that the teams on the ground in KQ have been doing”. Mr Ngunze says even though some people still think the reduced losses announced recently are not good enough, “I always say this is a marathon and not a relay”. And like Mr Roosevelt’s “man of the arena”, he feels the KQ experience has not left any dent on his career as a manager. “Every experience shapes you and grows you. If anything, it makes you stronger,” he says. “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.” email print In the headlines Jubilee, Nasa clash over free education Raila says he will revamp economy, which Jubilee has run down. IS claims London attacks British PM Theresa May vows crackdown on extremist content online worldwide. Uhuru says Raila is a copycat Uhuru assures transport operators of job security We’re ready, IEBC says as campaigns begin Stop clinging on Raila for survival, Uhuru told Uhuru: No more deaths due to politics Two shot trying to free drug dealer Advertisement Politics Jubilee, Nasa clash over free education   Politics Uhuru says Raila is a copycat   Politics Kenya’s Eala row to cripple regional House   Politics Why MPs skip House sessions   Politics Uhuru comes face to face with angry voters   Politics Uhuru: No more deaths due to politics   Politics JM’s secret tour of Ghana to fix Oginga Odinga   Advertisement LATEST NTV VIDEOS Champions Telkom extend lead after 6-0 thumping of JKUAT AFC Leopards v Singida as Tusker v Yanga FC in the Sportpesa Super Cup Kenyans of Rwandese descent appeal for full recognition Shock of matatu crew breaking the law along Moi Avenue Two shot as youth protest jailing of drug trafficker in Lamu Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Putin, Modi talk up trade at Russia's economic showcase Germain MOYON, Nicolas MILETITCH, Marina KORENEVA AFP June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos President Vladimir Putin wants Russia to do more business with India (AFP Photo/Etienne LAURENT)More Saint Petersburg (AFP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian premier Narendra Modi looked to bolster declining trade Thursday, as the defiant Russian strongman sought to burnish a fragile recovery at the Kremlin's economic showcase despite tensions with the West. Among the deals Modi and Putin oversaw on the third leg of the Indian leader's four-nation tour of Europe was the inking of an agreement for Moscow to build two more reactors at a nuclear plant in southern India. Modi is the guest of honour at this year's three-day Saint Petersburg Economic Forum -- Russia's answer to Davos -- that Putin wants to use to push the idea that Russia has turned the page on a brutal recession caused by low oil prices and sanctions over Ukraine. Speaking to journalists as the showcase kicked off, the combative Kremlin strongman insisted that measures against Moscow, including economic sanctions, had ended up having "zero effect". Putin said he hoped "Russophobia" in the West would "not last for too long, not forever, if only because the understanding has to come that it is counterproductive and harms everyone." He again struck out at allegations the Russian state was behind hacking attacks targeting elections in the West after accusations he meddled in the last year's US vote but did hold out the possibility that "patriotically minded" hackers might have been involved. "If they are patriotically minded, they start making their own contribution which they deem right in the fight against those who demean Russia," he said. "Theoretically this is possible. But we are not involved at the state level." - India ties - For the Kremlin, India represents the sort of major emerging market it wants to do more business with as it looks to insulate itself against geopolitical shocks with the unpredictable Donald Trump in the White House. "Russian-Indian economic cooperation is once again heading in the direction of growth and it is in our shared interests to strengthen this positive tendency," Putin said at a joint press conference with Modi. Russia and India enjoyed a decades-long alliance forged during the Cold War, when the Soviet Union was New Delhi's largest trading partner, diplomatic ally and main arms supplier, providing everything from tanks to aircraft. But the relationship became unmoored following the collapse of the USSR, as India underwent an economic transformation and increasingly sought to build trade ties with Western nations. - US businesses back?- While India is occupying pole position at the forum, other visiting international leaders include UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres and Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern. Bosses from Chevron, Exxon and Boeing are among 144 US firms at the event, the best attendance in years after Washington previously warned business leaders against attending due to political tensions. While Russia is talking up its recovery, the situation remains precarious and attention will also focus on talk of much-needed reforms to modernise its creaking economy. But analysts warned that with Putin likely to bid for another term as president in elections next year there are unlikely to be any radical changes. "Structural changes are necessary but to put them into action is not easy," Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,304 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,683 reactions7%75%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 4,008 reactions4%55%41% Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,790 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 53 reactions3%64%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in Steve Kerr's return 438 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 32 reactions2%59%39% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,505 reactions5%62%33% Troubled News Anchor Does The Unthinkable On Air SportingzSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 13 reactions7%64%29% Donald Trump's Political Arm Cites InfoWars In An Email Boasting About Crowd Size Gary: Trump, the administration of lies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Arianespace to serve global connectivity for ViaSat and Eutelsat by Staff Writers Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) May 30, 2017 The ViaSat-2 satellite system was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with dynamic flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. The ViaSat-2 satellite system is expected to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. For its sixth launch of the year, and the third Ariane 5 mission in 2017 from the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana, Arianespace will orbit two satellites: ViaSat-2 for ViaSat Inc.; and EUTELSAT 172B for Eutelsat. This mission - the 237th overall by an Ariane launcher - will mark a new all-time Arianespace record for a total payload weight orbited: 10,865 kg., including a net mass at liftoff of 9,969 kg. for the two satellites. ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B are the 558th and 559th satellites to be launched by Arianespace. With this 289th mission by the Arianespace family of launchers (Ariane 5, Soyuz and Vega), Arianespace is serving global connectivity on Earth. The launch will be from Ariane Launch Complex No. 3 (ELA 3) in Kourou, French Guiana. The Launch Readiness Review (LRR) will take place on Tuesday, May 30, 2017 in Kourou, to authorize the start of operations for the final countdown. ViaSat-2 is the second ViaSat, Inc. satellite to be launched by Arianespace. The first was WildBlue-1 in 2006. ViaSat has publicly announced plans to launch a ViaSat-3 class satellite with Arianespace in the future - further extending the partnership between the two companies. ViaSat is changing the perception of satellite internet, globally. As a broadband services company, ViaSat has set out to advance global connectivity beyond what traditional telecom, wireless, cable or fiber could deliver, by solving one of the hardest communications problems: making the internet accessible and affordable to all. The ViaSat-2 satellite system was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with dynamic flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. The ViaSat-2 satellite system is expected to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. ViaSat-2 will also provide nearly twice the capacity offered by previous generations of ViaSat satellites, along with seven times as much coverage. Positioned at 70W, ViaSat-2 will provide throughput of approximately 300 Gbps in Ka-band over its coverage zone. ViaSat-2 was built by Boeing in El Segundo, California, using a 702HP platform. EUTELSAT 172B will be the 32nd satellite launched by Arianespace for Eutelsat. Both companies have worked side-by-side since 1983, when Arianespace launched the Eutelsat-1 F1 satellite. Including this upcoming launch, more than half of Eutelsat's satellites will have been orbited by Arianespace. Eutelsat is one of the world's leading and most experienced operators of communications satellites. The company provides capacity on 39 satellites to clients that include broadcasters and broadcasting associations; pay-TV operators; video, data and Internet service providers; enterprises and government agencies. EUTELSAT 172B will deliver increased capacity for fast-growing applications that include in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, corporate networks, video distribution and government services. It will be located at 172E, a key neighborhood providing exceptional Asia-Pacific reach over land and sea, from Alaska to Australia. EUTELSAT 172B is the first all-electric telecommunications satellite built in Europe. This key enabling technology has been implemented by Airbus in Toulouse, using the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR (Electric Orbit Raising) platform. Tweet SES Networks and Patrakom Enhance Connectivity in Indonesian Waters Luxembourg (SPX) May 30, 2017 SES and Patrakom, a leading provider of telecommunications and network solutions in Indonesia have announced a partnership to provide seamless, high-speed connectivity to passenger vessels and oil barges traversing domestic routes in Indonesia. As part of a multi-year agreement, SES Networks and Patrakom will be providing connectivity for over 80 vessels via SES-9 located at 108.2 degrees ... read more Related Links Arianespace VSAT News - Suppliers, Technology And Applications Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Astronauts return after marathon ISS mission From 2D to 3D, Space Station Microscope Gets an Upgrade Studying Flame Behavior in Microgravity with a Solid "High-Five" NASA honors Kennedy's space vision on 100th birthday SpaceX blasts off cargo using recycled spaceship Ariane 5 launches its heaviest telecom payload Eutelsat signs new launch contract with Arianespace Ariane 5 launches its first all-electric satellite Halos discovered on Mars widen time frame for potential life Curiosity Peels Back Layers on Ancient Martian Lake Student-Made Mars Rover Concepts Lift Off Illinois Company Among Hundreds Supporting NASA Mission to Mars California Woman Charged for Trying to Hand Over Sensitive Space Tech to China A cabin on the moon? China hones the lunar lifestyle China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Thomas Pesquet returns to Earth Propose a course idea for the CU space minor Leading Global Air And Space Law Group Joins Reed Smith New Horizons for Alexander Gerst When gold turns invisible Mitsubishi Electric Completes New Satellite Component Production Facility High pressure key to lighter, stronger metal alloys, Stanford scientists find Northrop Grumman receives AESA radar contract Giant Ringed Planet Likely Cause of Mysterious Eclipses New Collaboration with Jodrell Bank Observatory for SETI Viable Spores, DNA Fragments Discovery at ISS Justifies Biosphere's Expansion Russia thinks microorganisms may be living outside the space station A whole new Jupiter with first science results from Juno First results from Juno show cyclones and massive magnetism Jupiters complex transient auroras NASA's Juno probe forces 'rethink' on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals US missile defense test triggers alarm in Russia, China as North Korea issues new warnings The U.S. sets new interceptor missile tests and looks to deploy laser weapons to destroy ICBMs. Beijing is worried America's anti-missile system 'breaks strategic balance among nuke-armed countries.' Moscow is critical of U.S. missile defenses and mulling how to respond. Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca Saturday, 3 Jun 2017 | 1:49 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters US missile defense agency takes out ballistic missile in live-fire test    Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 2:50 PM ET | 01:20 The Pentagon's successful interceptor missile defense test this week is seen as a step toward reducing the nuclear risk from North Korea, but now China and Russia are seeing the U.S. technology as a threat. Regardless, North Korean state newspaper Rodong Sinmun said Thursday that its military was "ready to conduct an ICBM test-fire at any time." During Tuesday's test, the U.S. military intercepted a mock intercontinental ballistic missile target fired from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California during a test of its Ground-based Midcourse Defense, or GMD, system. Besides California, the U.S. also has the GMD system deployed at Fort Greely in Alaska. The interceptor test took place a day after the North Korean regime fired its ninth ballistic missile test this year. Tuesday was only the 10th successful test out of 17 conducted since 1999. This week's test also was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM target. The test is seen as a sign the U.S. military is making progress to combat the mainland U.S. threat from North Korea. Still, the use of numerous decoy missiles or countermeasures by an enemy could overwhelm or confuse the interceptor system and render it useless. Russia and China already have developed countermeasures to increase the chance of a missile reaching a target. And the North Koreans also are believed to be developing similar capabilities, which creates additional national security concerns given Pyongyang's rapid advances in its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. 'Many different ways' North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency on Friday quoted a military spokesman for the hermit state as saying the U.S. is "sadly mistaken if they think such missile interception system can prevent the shower of [a] nuclear strike." "There are many different ways that a missile can trick an interceptor," said Harry Kazianis, director of defense studies at the Center for the National Interest, a think-tank based in Washington founded by former President Richard Nixon. There's an expectation that U.S. adversaries will intensify efforts to counter the GMD and other missile defense technology. Russian President Vladimir Putin hinted as much Thursday "This destroys the strategic balance in the world," Reuters quoted Putin as saying in remarks at an economic forum in St. Petersburg, Russia. Added the Russian leader: "What is happening is a very serious and alarming process. In Alaska, and now in South Korea, elements of the anti-missile defense system are emerging. Should we just stand idly by and watch this? Of course not. We are thinking about how to respond to these challenges. This is a challenge for us." At the same time, China's semiofficial Global Times said this week that the interceptor test is proof the U.S. may be preparing for military action against North Korea and also that the technology "breaks strategic balance among nuke-armed countries." "They believe they were put in a situation where they are going to have to counter [U.S. weapons], and that's the age-old story of military capability." -Ed Turzanski, national security expert "The enhancement of America's missile defense capability will, in theory, undermine the effectiveness [and] efficacy of nuclear strikes launched by its main strategic rivals, thus consolidating its own domination," according to an op-ed Thursday on the Chinese military's official web portal. China believes the systems "will also stimulate other countries to develop strategic penetration technology at a faster pace or enhance their own strategic defense capability, which will exert a new impact on international security." Russia's and China's first-strike capability and their response capability are "neutered" by the U.S. missile defense, according to Ed Turzanski, an international policy and national security expert at the Foreign Policy Research Institute, a think-tank based in Philadelphia. "They believe they were put in a situation where they are going to have to counter that, and that's the age-old story of military capability," he said. Turzanski, who worked in the U.S. intelligence community in postings throughout Asia and Europe during the Reagan administration, noted that during the Cold War there was an agreement with the Soviet Union that limited the number of U.S. interceptor missiles on each side. That agreement ended when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991. "We knew the minute you had the ability to knock my missile down, you had survivability and you could launch a first strike with impunity. We wouldn't tolerate it from them, they are not tolerating it from us." Number of GMDs grow Lucy Nicholson | Reuters The Ground-based Midcourse Defense element of the U.S. ballistic missile defense system launches during a flight test from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, U.S., May 30, 2017. The U.S. hopes to have a total of 44 GMD interceptors available by the end of the calendar year, up from 36 today, but even with that amount there may not be enough interceptors to take out more than a dozen incoming ICBMs, according to experts. A group of senators last month introduced a bipartisan bill that seeks to bolster homeland missile defense and sharply increase the number of interceptors. The next test of the GMD interceptor system is scheduled for late 2018, according to the Missile Defense Agency. Boeing is the prime contractor on the GMD program. The U.S. missile agency has received more than $120 billion since 2002 on the GMD missile defense system and it plans to spend an additional $37 billion through 2021 to further develop capabilities, according to a Government Accountability Office report released last month. Meantime, Russia and China also are concerned with the THAAD anti-ballistic missile systems deployed in South Korea. THAAD, a system manufactured by Lockheed Martin, stands for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense. The controversial THAAD system is a mobile, ground-based system deployed about 130 miles south of Seoul, South Korea, to defeat North Korean missiles. However, its powerful radar gives the U.S. the ability to peer deep into both China and Russia and monitor military activities. Analysts suggest one way Russia could respond to the U.S. anti-missile technology is by increasing its cyberweapons targeting missile defense systems as well as pushing more space-based anti-missile solutions. Russia also could increase the number of fake missiles it has coming down on targets so more interceptors go to the wrong missile. "There are ways to trick the computer systems to think that there's a lot more missiles coming down on a target," said Kazianis. "The challenge here is that there's so many different ways to literally fake out the interceptor system." At present, the U.S. is considered ahead of Russia and China in developing space-based sensors and interceptor technology. Infrared sensors already are on satellites to detect missiles and the Pentagon is expanding efforts to develop a network of additional sensors in space and to experiment with kill capabilities from space. Laser weapons also show promise as part of a missile defense system. They have already been tested in manned aircraft and now development is underway in drones. The U.S. Missile Defense Agency's "long-term goal is to deploy lasers on high-altitude, long-endurance UAV platforms to destroy ICBMs in the boost phase at long standoff ranges," according to spokesman Chris Johnson. Several challenges remain, though, including overcoming the huge power requirements of laser weapons and the scale necessary to put the weapon technology on unmanned vehicles. General Atomics is working on a high-energy laser system for its UAVs that could be used for a range of uses, including missile defense as well as offensive capabilities. "The challenge there is getting the laser powerful enough while also to be light enough to fit on the back of a UAV," said Thomas Karako, a senior fellow at the International Security Program and director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based think-tank. That said, Karako indicated that the laser-based UAV weapon would only be useful for the boost phase of a ballistic missile when it's most vulnerable and rising. The laser probably wouldn't be reliable to kill the missile warhead on its re-entry since at that phase it is designed to withstand intense heat. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- LMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 10:02 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Coast Guard saves 39 lives from bad weather      Saudi, UAE, Egypt, Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story Textile industry welcomes 5% GST Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters, Washington, Jun 3 2017, 22:26 IST US President Donald Trump announces his decision that the US will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. Reuters Several major US companies, including WalMart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was “disappointed in today’s news about the Paris Agreement. We think it’s important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.” IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump’s decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is “disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table.” Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump’s manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added, “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have “a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.” “If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,” she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group. Blackrock Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump’s immigration policies. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Wal-Mart tests new delivery program Euro zone manufacturing continues to surge Bank of England faces strike action over pay Uber fires self-driving car chief Higher pay in May, or some other day? RBS gets a week to end investor suit or face trial New civil suit facing Fiat Chrysler UK business sounds alert on election pledges China-Hong Kong bridge to unity, or tentacle of Beijing control? Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Airport train, beyond Metro 5.Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
null
Discover: LDI More Menu Log In or Register Awards Digital Edition Gear News Sessions On Demand Webcasts LDI About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Instagram Search Log In Register Recent Recent Projection Product Of The Year, Multiscreen Control: Barco E2 Multiscreen Control Jun 04, 2017 Projection Product Of The Year, Software: Mapping Matter Jun 01, 2017 Southeastern University Chooses Martin Audio For College Of Arts & Media Jun 01, 2017 Ashly Pema Amp + Processor The Daily Special At Ocean Prime Jun 01, 2017 Exceptional Line-up From Elation Awaits Visitors To InfoComm 2017 Jun 01, 2017 Featured June 6: Join Natasha Katz For Master Of Live Design Webcast May 25, 2017 June 13: Join Steve Lieberman Webcast On Designing Festivals May 24, 2017 June 28: Nicholas Pope On Sound Design For The Great Comet May 23, 2017 July 25: Join Webcast With Visual Wizard Laura Frank May 23, 2017 Press Release Briefing Room gx Range Makes US Debut At InfoComm d3 Technologies will introduce its new gx range to the US market at InfoComm 2017, June 14-16, in the Orange County Convention Center, Orlando. The d3 team, who will be in Booth 4069, will also display their popular pro range. Jun 02, 2017 d3 Technologies will introduce its new gx range to the US market at InfoComm 2017, June 14-16, in the Orange County Convention Center, Orlando. The d3 team, who will be in Booth 4069, will also display their popular pro range. Prototypes of the gx range were previously shown at Prolight + Sound, Frankfurt, 2017. The new media servers are designed to facilitate generative content, which is becoming a progressively important part of live show design. With the gx range, users can render video, audio, MIDI, tracking and automation data, or interactive inputs in real-time for shows that respond to their environments. Whether it's smoke that moves as it's touched or water that ripples as performers pass by, immersive experiences are transforming how live content is being designed. The gx media servers combine output and processing power to produce dynamic content with high resolutions and better frame rates. They build on d3's legacy of pushing the color, clarity and complexity of shows to new limits. There are two models in the gx range: the gx 2 and gx 1. The gx 2 has the fastest professional grade GPU currently available and offers two VFC slots (two 4K outputs, or eight HD outputs) in the same rugged chassis as the tried and tested pro range. It delivers unrivaled performance for the most cutting-edge generative content available. The gx 1 brings the same power density to smaller shows and installations. It packs a powerful single-width workstation GPU and a single VFC slot (one 4K, or four HD outputs) into an all-new compact yet rugged 2U pro chassis. Propelling the wave of generative content forward is Notch, a third-party software partner and a pioneering tool for creativity, which enables creatives to make real-time, live interactive visual content with an unprecedented level of quality and flexibility. The gx range of hardware platforms comes bundled with a full Notch playback license giving users access to the latest software without any barriers. The gx range will begin shipping to the US in June 2017. Rollouts to Europe and the APAC region will follow in September. d3 will also be showcasing the flagship pro range. The pro range was created with one core mission in mind: to play huge video content across massive canvases in the toughest of live environments. d3 pro media servers been used on some of the biggest and most complex projects, including the Hoover Dam, KLM's Boeing MD-11 airliner and the record-breaking 2016 Circle of Light festival in Moscow. The pro range has been engineered with the power to scale any show with the smoothest possible live playback experience, while remaining tough and reliable. The latest member of the pro range, the new 2x4pro, launched earlier in 2017, will be on display at InfoComm. With two VFC slots, this machine brings the power of the pro range to medium-size shows. About d3 d3 is the world's first fully integrated visual production system for video professionals, combining a real-time 3D stage visualizer, timeline, video playback engine and projection mapping tools into one product. d3's unique integrated workflow assists the designer at all stages of the project, from pitch through development to final delivery. For more information visit www.d3technologies.com. TAGS: Gear Projection 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Robe Makes Some Circa WavesJun 04, 2017 DPA Microphones Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Launch of First Limited Edition KitJun 01, 2017 Southeastern University Chooses Martin Audio For College Of Arts & MediaJun 01, 2017 Ashly Pema Amp + Processor The Daily Special At Ocean PrimeJun 01, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article LDI About Us Contact Advertise Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Lifestyle posted: 6/3/2017 6:00 AM A look at where some of those protesting, commune-living 'hippies' are today Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Fr. John Brennan speaks against the war in 1967 at Ohio State. John Brennan in Nicaragua on one of his nine mission trips there. Marci Brueger lived on a commune for a year, learning not only how to sacrifice for the common good, but also philosophies that would guide her for the rest of her life. Right before Dave Corcoran is sent off to federal prison for trespassing on federal property, he and his wife, Barb, hold crosses in memory of Latin Americans allegedly killed by School of the Americas graduates. The Corcorans and fellow protesters demonstrate in front of a federal courthouse in Georgia when Dave goes to trial. Dave Corcoran and other protesters at Fort Benning, Georgia, dressed in shrouds and white masks and carrying cardboard coffins before lying down in peaceful protest against the School of the Americas. Barb Corcoran has slowed down in her protesting, but her heart is still in it. Her T-shirt says, "You can jail the resisters, but your can't jail the resistance!" Her husband, Dave, spent 6 months in prison twice for his protest efforts. Sidelined physically with Parkinson's disease, Dave Corcoran remains active behind the scenes -- and in his T-shirt collection. This one says, "I'm not disturbing the peace; I'm disturbing the war." Debi Borden of Westchester, formerly of Arlington Heights, has become more involved in activism since retirement, attending marches and joining the Unitarian Universalist Church in Oak Park to address her feelings of anger at current events in a positive way with other church members.   By Jean Murphy Daily Herald Correspondent Nostalgia reigns supreme this summer as we approach a series of 50th anniversaries of pivotal moments in our history. This summer San Francisco is commemorating the Summer of Love when the hippies arrived in the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood in 1967. Closer to home the latest version of the Grateful Dead, known as Dead & Company, has concerts scheduled at Wrigley Field on June 30 and July 1, and Navy Pier is hosting "Exhibitionism," an exhibit of Rolling Stones memorabilia, through July 30. Next year and the years that follow will surely generate remembrances of such major events as the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Chicago's 1968 Democratic National Convention, Woodstock and the shootings at Kent State, to name a few. So what has happened to all of the people who were activists and hippies in those days? How have they lived their lives since those tumultuous years? Here we take a look at five from the suburbs: • John Brennan of Mount Prospect, who worked to spread racial understanding all of his life and continues today. • Marci Buerger of Forest Lake, who lived for a year in a commune, coming away from that a strong feminist who had learned how to get along with and learn from people from different backgrounds. • Barb and Dave Corcoran of Des Plaines both began adulthood in religious vocations and have spent their lives protesting wars and the instruments of war. • Debi Borden of Westchester and formerly of Arlington Heights, who chanted for peace and joined the protests at the Democratic National Convention in 1968. Today, she is increasing her activism by joining marches and seeking like-minded individuals to join forces with. John Brennan John Brennan continues to combat racial injustice and today practices what he calls "micro-affirmations," by greeting everyone he meets. John Brennan of Mount Prospect has never stopped working for social and racial justice. A native of Boston, Brennan was ordained a Paulist Catholic priest in 1959 and soon thereafter was sent to minister in Utah. That was where he had his first experience of being a member of a minority. Since so many residents of Utah are Mormons, Catholics are definitely in the minority there and that experience has stayed with Brennan ever since. "The systems were just fixed against you if you weren't a Mormon," he recalled. During the years that followed, Brennan took an increasing interest in racism and social justice. In 1963, while serving in Chicago, he took part in his first protest march (to call for the firing of a Chicago Public Schools superintendent) and two years later he attended a talk by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and was very impressed. Soon, after he questioned his pastor telling the congregation that "Jesus said, 'My Country, Right or Wrong,'" he got transferred to Ohio State University's Newman Center, the Catholic organization for college students. His job was to be a sensitivity consultant who would help groups work more effectively together. It was at OSU that a major transformation took place in Brennan's life and thinking. "There were so many rigid Catholics from the parishes around Cleveland and I enjoyed liberating their thinking," Brennan said. During his time at Ohio State, he sponsored an anti-Vietnam War speaker named Fr. Phillip Berrigan. He was the brother of Fr. Daniel Berrigan, one of the nation's leading anti-war activists who spent time in prison for his activities. He also joined an ecumenical group called "Clergy and Laity Against Vietnam" which let him get to know Protestant ministers for the first time. He also agreed to speak against the Vietnam War from Ohio State's Oval "because I felt that it was the right thing to do." Brennan also participated in a sit-in in front of the Ohio State Law School because students there felt the school was making no effort to recruit black students. By this time, Brennan was ready to move on, so he left the priesthood in 1969 and went to New York City to work for Pan Am Airlines. Since he was a racial sensitivity expert, he dealt with issues like complaints from black Pan Am employees that they could not get advanced through the ranks. He eventually established a minority affairs department and got white supervisors and black workers talking. In 1972 he moved to Chicago to take an affirmative action position with G.D. Searle and later with a Searle subsidiary. He married his wife, Charman, in 1974, had two children, a daughter and a son, and eventually established an independent human resources consulting practice. In his spare time, Brennan continued to work toward fair trade with developing nations, such as Brazil, and put together racism workshops in which traditionally black Catholic parishes and traditionally white Catholic parishes were paired for discussion groups to bring about understanding. That movement recently celebrated its 15th anniversary. Fourteen years ago he also initiated a twice-a-year book discussion called Suburban Mosaic, coordinated by area libraries, schools and the Daily Herald. The idea was for citizens from all over the area to read and discuss the same book on a social and racial justice topic and discuss it. Suburban Mosaic eventually expanded to include six books for readers of all ages from preschool to adult. "Suburban Mosaic is a movement, not an organization," Brennan explained. In 2009 he received a Shining Star Award from the Village of Mount Prospect, largely for his work on Suburban Mosaic. Brennan continues to seek social and racial justice at a grass-roots level. He has taken nine mission trips to Nicaragua with his daughter and son; he volunteers in a free clinic in Chicago; and he actively works to combat the micro-aggressions that women and minorities experience every day by actively greeting everyone he encounters, calling what he does "micro-affirmations." Marci Buerger Marci Buerger lived on a small commune in upstate New York in 1970-71. Marci Buerger of Forest Lake in Lake County spent a year on a small commune in Saranac, New York, in 1970-71 and came away a feminist. She remains a committed feminist today. "I grew up in a Detroit suburb and after I graduated from high school, I desperately wanted to leave home, so when my cousin and his wife offered to let me live with them in upstate New York and study at the State University of New York (SUNY) in Plattsburgh, my parents agreed. What they didn't know was that my cousin and his wife had started a small commune and that is where I lived," Buerger recalled. Life on the commune was difficult. Money was tight, the old farmhouse they lived in had no central heat (but it did have electricity and some hot water) and they weren't sure how to keep everyone fed. The growing season so close to the Canadian border was short, so while they grew some of their own food, there wasn't a lot. "It was a very trying environment and the conditions were primitive. I came from a middle class family and had lofty ambitions when I got there, but before long it became clear to me that I couldn't live like that long-term," she explained. "It was an awakening for me, however. I had to learn to share with others who weren't in my nuclear family and make do with what we had. I also learned to share ideas with people from totally different backgrounds," Buerger continued. She went to college during that year, did basic housekeeping, listened to music and involved herself in discussions of social and political issues. "The most positive thing that came out of that year was that I became a feminist by participating in a consciousness-raising group and joined the National Organization for Women (NOW). I learned that the sisterhood of women is powerful and got involved in educating other women about women's issues like equal pay for equal work, gender roles, child care, birth control and the right to choose," Buerger said. "We even participated in demonstrations on women's issues at the SUNY campus." "That was a very formative year for me. I became an adult while I was struggling and making sacrifices on that commune. But I learned that I could do anything. It is a very clear line in my memory," she added. At the end of that school year, Buerger returned home to Michigan and earned an art degree from Wayne State University because she knew that she wanted to be involved in a creative endeavor. She married a goldsmith and they had two sons that they raised to be feminists. Buerger spent 25 years working as a jewelry designer before switching careers 17 years ago and becoming the adult program coordinator at the Mount Prospect Public Library. She continues to support women's issues and was pleased to see Hillary Clinton be able to run as a presidential candidate of a major political party. "Much has changed since I was on that commune, but there is still work to be done," she stated. "I did not participate in the Women's March this year, but I was very gratified to see the outpouring of involvement." Buerger has also expanded her advocacy interests to include environmental issues. She is careful to recycle and curtail waste at home and often books programs at the library which are aimed at educating patrons on climate change, zero waste homes, recycling and so forth. Barb and Dave Corcoran Dave Corcoran carrying a protest sign at the International March Against the Iraq War in front of White House. - Barb and Dave Corcoran of Des Plaines have been taking a stand against war and the instruments of war for decades. Both have been arrested scores of times and Dave has been imprisoned twice -- for six months each time -- for trespassing on federal property during protests. Like John Brennan, the Corcorans began their adulthoods in Catholic religious communities. Dave was a parish priest in Ohio and Barb was a member of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur, based in Cincinnati. She was a school principal in Lancaster, Ohio, when the two met. In 1972 they both left their vocations and married. In those days they demonstrated against the arms race and even got hit with tear gas. Dave continued to work in Catholic-related fields, spending four years as an office manager at the National Federation of Priests' Councils before landing a job as a chaplain at Loyola Medical Center in 1976. The couple eventually adopted three children from Korea. As he neared retirement, Dave and Barb both became more and more involved in peace work, protesting (and sometimes being arrested) at the Oak Ridge nuclear facility in Tennessee, at a nuclear facility in Nevada, at Boeing headquarters in Chicago, in front of the Kluczynski federal building in Chicago, in front of the White House and many other places. Beginning in 1998, they made an annual weekend trip to Fort Benning, Georgia, to protest the School of the Americas (SOA) which trained members of the military from South and Central American countries to intimidate and abuse their populations, according to the Corcorans. Dave and others would often dress in black shrouds and white masks, carry mock coffins and lay down on the ground to simulate the deaths they were accusing the U.S. military of causing. In 2000, Dave and nine others were arrested on charges of crossing a line that the several thousand protesters were told not to cross and a judge in the federal court of that part of Georgia sentenced him to six months in the federal prison for men in Oxford, Wisconsin. Three years later, it happened again, this time with 25 others, and he was sentenced to another six months. Dave kept his job at Loyola the first time he was imprisoned, but the second time they encouraged him to retire and he did, then spending his free time visiting troubled parts of the world and protesting perceived wrongs in the United States. "It was worth it. My conscience was telling me that these things were wrong and that I had to do something to stop it. I know I was where God wanted me to be and I would do it again if Barb and I still had our health. But she has a hard time walking and I now have Parkinson's, so we now work behind the scenes on our causes and volunteer every week at Misericordia," Dave explained. "He always saw what needed to be done and he did it. Even when he was still a priest, I remember him stirring up the parishioners about the war in Vietnam. Here was this gentle person telling them that we didn't need to be fighting the war we were fighting," Barb recalled. Debi Borden Debi Borden, pictured at age 20, says she was a casual hippie then, but still managed to attend protests and chant for peace. Debi Borden of Westchester, formerly of Arlington Heights, was a more mainstream, casual hippie. She took a break from activism to raise her daughter and pursue a successful career and now that she has retired, has taken up activism once again. Borden grew up in a Catholic Republican family that lived in both Peoria and Detroit, moving to the Chicago area in time to spend her senior year of high school at Maine South. As a lark, she participated in the protests at the Democratic National Convention in 1968 when she was only 16 and visiting Chicago to see a friend. "We all enjoyed the times. We were chanting for peace and protesting about Watergate while enjoying outdoor rock festivals. We wore bell-bottoms and water buffalo sandals and had long hair," Borden recalled. In 1972, at the age of 20, she quit college and got married. She and her husband of 30 years had one daughter eight years later, but before that "we smoked a lot of dope, visited the national parks and became firmly entrenched in the middle class. We weren't very politically connected during those years." When her daughter was born, Borden was became a stay-at-home mom and, eventually, a Girl Scout leader, not returning to work until her daughter turned 10. She then worked for business organizations throughout her career. Borden retired a year and a half ago and said that now that she has the time and money, she is getting involved in activism once again. She attended the Women's March and plans to attend the Gay Rights March. She is a member of the Sierra Club and contributes to the Wildlife Defense Fund and Best Friends Animal Shelter in Utah. She marched in the Crop Walk for Hunger and spent a day helping to clean up along the Chicago River. "After the Women's March, my partner and I decided to join the Unitarian Church in Oak Park. We decided that we could not be this angry for four years and needed to spend time with like-minded, constructive people who didn't just want to rant and rave," Borden explained. "I look back fondly on the days when protests were more focused on the issues, instead of just calling people names. Back then, people disagreed with one another, but there wasn't the terrible animosity that there is today. We all need to realize that there is plenty to go around in this country and that if we are lucky enough to be privileged, we need to be ethical and care about others," she added. "I guess, as long as the people in D.C. are stupid, I will continue to protest," Borden concluded. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Arlington Heights Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Life & Entertainment Arlington Heights Des Plaines Hawthorn Woods Mount Prospect Lifestyle Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY Too Much “greedy Corruption” In Ghana – Jon Benjamin... Home News Sports Opinions Africa Politics Business Lifestyle Real Estates Members OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS BoD & Startups Customer Loyalty Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory OnAIR Columns Archive 10 Ways To Reduce Employee’s Time Waste Irene Gloria Addison, Owner of HIREghana 3 June 2017 | Business Features  0  Irene Gloria Addison You might not want to accept it, but the reality is that employee- disinterest (lack of engagement as it is called these days), boredom, frustration and even resentment and disinterest can ‘occupy’ your employees’ minds and hold them back from reaching maximum productivity if any. And let’s be honest… have you never yourself experienced moments where either you or your colleagues were watching the minute hand till it reached closing- time? Employee Time Waste in Perspective In 2014 Salary.com, polled 750 employees regarding wasted time at the workplace and found out that 89% of respondents’ waste time at work as follows: 31% waste roughly 30 minutes daily 31% waste roughly 1 hour daily 16% waste roughly 2 hours daily 6% waste roughly 3 hours daily 2% waste roughly 4 hours daily 2% waste 5 or more hours daily That 89% was a significant increase from 69% of respondents wasting time in 2013. In 2014, Careerbuilder (via Harris Poll) also commissioned a study on how people ‘waste’ time at work (the infographic can be found here: http://employer.careerbuilder.com/jobposter/resources/page.aspx?pagever=productivity2014&sc_cmp2=JP_Infographic_productivity2014&template=none ) . What they found was that the polled employees were involved in doing the following: Talking on the cell phone and texting – 50% Gossiping – 42% On the Internet – 39% On Social media – 38% Taking snack breaks or smoke breaks – 27% Distracted by noisy co-workers – 24% In meetings – 23% On email – 23% Distracted by co-worker drop byes – 23% Distracted by co-worker calls on speaker phone – 10% Equally interesting is that now - in 2017, 11% of the employees polled, say that half the working week is spent wasting time, whilst 72% believe that 30% of the working week goes to waste, according to the research conducted by Survey Sampling International There are plenty of similar surveys- Harris Poll is doing such a survey at least once a year for employees in the US, the UK, Australia and other geographies. Sometimes, when I visit a client, I see employees with their blue-tooth on, watching daytime telenovelas or football matched on their phone; once when I had to make a copy at the client’s site, the employee was photocopying an African Dance book…. How-to address Employee Time-Waste Blaming your employees seems to be the easiest way to explain the time wasting. Minimizing Time Wasting starts with Leadership – Your Leadership! If you as a Leader / Manager do not set clear and measurable expectations and goals for the team to achieve, then your team will naturally set their own and usually they will waste as much time as they can. Unfortunately, most people will only do what they are asked to do. So kindly -please- ask yourself, what are you really doing or not doing, that is allowing or encouraging them to waste time? Here are some suggestions: Hire carefully and hire the right people. Why? Because if you do not know the right candidate that you need to hire in terms of skills, abilities and cultural fit, you will get new employees who soon will be frustrated by lack of skills or undervalued if overqualified or bored if their workday is not planned properly and they have nothing to do; all these behaviours lead to time- wasting. Btw, whenever a new employee is hired, make sure that each of your team members knows specifically what they are supposed to do and how and when they are supposed to do it. We assume that you do already have clear company goals and directives in place. Set clear HR / Workplace policies and communicate them to all. A constantly updated Employee Handbook should be readily available at all times with your workplace policies. Address issues like speakerphones, private usage of company property, etc. Introduce fair disciplinary actions for all possible violations. Btw, any red-tape set of bureaucratic policies is by definition a time waster. That includes tedious expense reports of vacation applications, etc. Run Meetings Properly. A badly run meeting, is both demotivational and boring and by default a clear waste of time for all. Plan your meetings properly, have a clear agenda communicated in advance to all participants, and end your meetings at a set time- don’t let them drag unnecessarily because you have no time tracking/ management skills. And…. Employees should have the right to decline meeting-invitations. Proper Training If you assign tasks to an employee that s/he cannot perform, s/he will get eventually frustrated and start procrastinating. So, train them please. On the other hand, don’t force your employees to attend irrelevant or worthless courses. In 2017, it is ok for your employees to sue YouTube or a MOOC to learn new skills. IT, Social Media & Website Blocking. Should you have one? Do your employees need to access gambling sites during work hours? Online shopping ones? Should Facebook be blocked? Is your corporate spam-filter in order or do employees receive 20-60 spam emails per day? Are virus ‘dancing’ in your network platform? Develop a Social Media usage policy during work hours, keeping in mind that millennials and younger workers, a policy to remove personal devices or prohibit all access and texting during working hours is likely to be resented or simply ignored. You might need a policy on using work time for personal e-mails, private calls and texts. As the line between work and personal-life home continues to blur, this ‘trend’ is on the rise. Too Much Email Don’t fill up your employees’ email inboxes with unimportant mail. Also, don’t expect them to drop whatever they do they can respond to your email immediately. If really urgent, just walk and talk to them or call them. Avoid email chains as to what to order for lunch or about the new fan usage policy. Manage your team properly + KPIs. As a manager -at any level, it is your responsibility to plan your employee’s day. Let me give you an example: at the software division of Boeing -since the late 90s- a software engineer has detailed instructions for every 2-hr work period; yes- that level of granularity (my husband has witnessed it). Word of caution: focus on deliverables and do not micromanage the time of your employees. Each Task should have solid instructions and ideally relevant and constantly monitored KPIs Have clear KPIs for both your Team and all Team- Members and all processes that are covered by the functional area(s) of your team(s). Finally, be visible as a manager- do not manage by assigning tasks via email. You have to be on the office /store floor! Conditions of the Work Environment. A work environment that is dirty, or messy or too hot or too noisy or poorly lit or even not comfortable to sit in, it’s a major productivity killer. All these will drive your employees- despite all possible good will, to immense amounts of lack of concentration and time waste. Recognition and Rewards Management. Give rewards – show to your employees that they are valued! Motivate them to be less wasteful with their work time by giving them recognition and extra incentives. A simple set of movie- tickets for someone’s family might boost their morale and keep them going for a long time. Part of recognition is also listening to your employees; this usually results in less wasted effort, reduced costs, and even zero employee turnover. Time Off: Daily Short Breaks & Vacations Implement several short-breaks during the work-day. Most ergonomic advice suggest a 5- minute break every hour because the majority of people can only focus for one hour or less at a time. Also, when applicable, force employees to take their vacation days (not a good idea to transfer them to next year etc.) to avoid work- burnout. If applicable too, you might want to consider offering an employee flexitime, even temporarily. In Conclusion. I trust that by now, you are aware that your employees/ team- members might be wasting a lot of time at the workplace. Keep in mind, that lack of personal accountability ‘for the standard of the employee’s work- contribution’ might be another common reason for reduced workplace productivity. And now, you have some information on how to address it. If your employees have always clear understanding of how their work adds value to your organisation, if they like their work and their work environment, if they are given clear responsibilities and are held accountable, if they receive regular feedback and communication on future business strategy, if they if they feel really valued, then they will be having pride in their job and self-select not to time waste. About the Author: Irene Gloria Addison is the owner of HIREghana [Human Intelligence Recruitment], a Leader Ghanaian Recruitment Agency and also a HRM & Organizational Development Consultancy, based in Accra. Irene welcomes your feedback/ comments/ remarks/ suggestions via your email message to [email protected] Our website is http://www.hiregh.com/ © 2017 Irene Gloria Addison and © 2017 Human Intelligence Recruitment  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have a story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  More Business Features TOP STORIES Rawlings: I wanted to quit NDC but… 3 hours ago I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings 5 hours ago LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Ebenezer, Thus Far Has President Nana Akufo Addo Brought Us Abacha $2m was used for 'nationalistic purposes' - Rawlings Rawlings: I wanted to quit NDC but… I almost quit NDC - Rawlings I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth ARCHIVE GET MORE Man Lynched At Kejetia Rev. Owusu Bempah Interprets "Spiritual" Captain Mahama's D Denkyira-Boase DCE Fired God Didn’t Speak To You – Mahama’s Family To “Liar” Bempah 'Respect Rights Of Captain Mahama’s Killers' Afia Tenge Nearly Lynched For 'Abominable' Dressing Former President Mahama Salutes Rawlings, NDC MOST POPULAR Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings NDC Must Stop Politicising Everything Under The Sun Netanyahu woos West African leaders at Liberia summit Rawlings Enskinned Bagrepie Naa Ho West: Pupils learn on ‘brick and wood’ desks HAVE YOUR SAY The bribe the man from the ruling party offers you is from your own national coffers, take it but say NO thank you ! By: Adwoa Ayamba More Quotes Submit Quotes Inter Bank Rates Currency Buying Selling U.S Dollar 4.2906 4.2949 Euro 4.8399 4.8433 Pound Sterling 5.5272 5.5340 Swiss Franc 4.4541 4.4568 Canadian Dollar 3.1749 3.1772 S/African Rand 0.3348 0.3350 Australian Dollar 3.1908 3.1959 News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
null
Monday, June 05, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Narendra Modi is turning his strength Kashmir into India's weakness, says Rahul Gandhi: BJP slams Congress mindset AAP plans to stage country-wide protest to highlight farmers' plight on 10 June Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' Mulayam Singh mum on participation in Lalu Prasad's 27 August rally Prime Minister Narendra Modi mishandling Kashmir issue, says Rahul Gandhi Amit Shah wraps up Kerala visit, sets poll target of 40% vote share for BJP workers Sports India vs Pakistan: Yuvraj Singh's blistering knock against arch-rivals rolls back the years, reminds us of his old self ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show Highlights NBA Finals, Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors, Game 2: Warriors win 132-113 India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli shuts off outside world to get back to business India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh set up thumping win for 'Men in Blue' French Open 2017: Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal enter quarters for record-equalling 11th time India Maharashtra farmers strike day 5: Protests continue as Shiv Sena supports statewide shutdown, excludes Mumbai Venkaiah Naidu hits out at Opposition for criticising Narendra Modi; says 'dark days of Emergency' have been forgotten Army chief Bipin Rawat says women will soon take on combat roles Uttar Pradesh: 22 die as bus catches fire in Bareilly after colliding with truck, several in critical condition Vijay Mallya seen at India vs Pakistan cricket match at Edgbaston stadium in Birmingham Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed World World Environment Day: UN General Secretary António Guterres urges people to ''cherish the planet that protect us'' UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres announces new talks on Cyprus reunification to begin this month London terror attack: Donald Trump vows to protect US from 'vile enemy', says 'bloodshed will end' Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for allegedly supporting terrorism US, Australian officials warn of battle-hardened, 'angry' foreign fighters of Islamic State returning to Southeast Asia London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter Business GST rollout: Banks not yet prepared, says Indian Bank Association to Parliamentary panel As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts GST rates: Govt starts media awareness drive for common man to prevent being fleeced by traders GST expected to give level playing field to organised retail players, says report IT layoffs: Ravi Shankar Prasad says no downturn, retrenchment due to performance issues Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17, CEO Neemuchwala's up 16% to $2.09 mn Entertainment Avengers: Infinity War to add Black Panther villain played by Winston Duke⁠⁠⁠⁠ Thugs of Hindostan: Will Aamir Khan get astronomical 70 per cent stake in profits? Bank Chor and the art of hit-and-miss self-deprecating promotional strategies in films Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins ready to direct the sequel Shah Rukh Khan's next with Aanand L Rai to be named Rangbaaz? Sonam Kapoor expresses interest in film school; says wants to learn something new Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News India News Is India finally ready to see women in military combat? Excuses won't hold for long Is India finally ready to see women in military combat? Excuses won't hold for long IndiaShiv AroorJun, 03 2017 11:29:50 IST #Fweekend#Indian army#Indian navy#Indianairforce#Operation jinnah#Special forces#Surgical strike#Uri attack#Women army officers#Women in indian army The signs, both real and wished (for), are everywhere. Is India finally ready to see women in military combat? Six months ago, 135 women from the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) underwent special training to be deployed for anti-naxal operations as the country’s first female armed police/paramilitary commandos. The very first. No small step. Last week, the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) revealed that it was putting hundreds of its women personnel through commando-style training (including, according to reports, the Filipino martial art Pekiti-Tirsia Kali and starvation endurance) for anti-terror operations at nearly a hundred new Delhi Metro stations set to come up over the next twelve months. Women in Indian Army. PTI photo Meanwhile, in March this year, the Border Security Force got its first ever woman field officer, Tanushree Pareek, an undeniable important occasion that was given its due when the young woman was ordered to lead the passing out parade of her batch. By this time in July, three young women — Mohana Singh, Avani Chaturvedi and Bhawana Kanth — will become the Indian Air Force’s first female fighter pilots. Spotting an opportunity (and why not?) to trumpet their entry into a stream that was so far barred to women, the Indian Air Force created a video film with the catchphrase Ek Ladki Hoon Main. It was an instant success, hitting every right chord on social media and television. The Indian Air Force appeared to be saying, ‘Well, this isn’t lip service any more.’ Also overwhelmingly ‘manned’, the Indian Navy last year took its own big step forward by offering permanent commission to women officers, starting with a modest group of seven, but with the intention to expand these numbers quickly. But let’s face it. These are small beginnings if we want to achieve that lofty goal of gender parity. For starters, the Indian Air Force and Navy are dwarfed by the Army, which is several times larger in manpower (and womanpower) than the other two combined. Where do they stand? Last month the Indian Army offered a tantalising nugget in an official press release. At its Commanders’ Conference helmed by Chief General Bipin Rawat, the Army said it had deliberated, among other things, on the ‘employment of women officers’ and had evolved a ‘positive roadmap’. Make no mistake, the Army weighs its words carefully. A positive roadmap indicates a time-bound action plan. And that actually means something in the military — not a file that’s shelved and never opened again. But what the plan actually is, we have no clue yet. The Army’s diffidence in revealing more details is not in any way surprising. Few in the ranks have forgotten the raging fire that was ignited 11 years ago by then Vice Chief of Army Staff when he was asked in a newspaper interview about the possibility of women getting more opportunities in the olive greens. ‘Ideally, we would like to have gentlemen and not lady officers at the unit level,’ Lt Gen S Pattabhiraman had told the Hindustan Times. The comment reflected what several in service believed (and continue to believe). But few were prepared for it to be articulated the way the three-star general had just done. It set off a chain reaction of anger, outrage and disbelief. Sushma Swaraj, currently India’s Minister for External Affairs, had loudly called for the Vice Chief’s sacking. The fury that had been stirred offered an inflection point from where there has been very slow forward movement. But no return. Flash forward a decade, and there’s something to really talk about. Even if they are small. For instance, the biggest warship India is building at Kochi, the new Vikrant-class aircraft carrier, will have what reports describe a ‘gender-sensitive living environment’ with infrastructure for at least eight women officers. That’s eight women in a complement of 150 officers and 1,500 sailors. Given that Indian warships didn’t even have separate facilities for women before, it’s a start. The Indian Navy has also thrown open its doors, beginning this year, to women pilots who wish to fly long range maritime reconnaissance missions on the new Boeing P-8I aircraft and shorter missions on its Dornier Do-228s. With the Indian Air Force ushering women into its fighter stream, it shouldn’t be long before the navy flips the switch too. Shiv Aroor is the author of Operation Jinnah, published by Juggernaut Books But one final frontier remains far out of reach. Last September’s surgical strike by the Indian Army created a wave of combat pride in the Special Forces. Yet women remain shut out from this world, despite the presence of several willing, keen and capable volunteers. "Special Forces operations aren’t just about physical endurance. They’re about survivability, intelligence and decisiveness. And mental toughness. Given the opportunity to train like us, women would definitely find place in SF units," says an Army Para Regiment officer involved in the counter-attack following last year’s terror strike in Uri that left 19 soldiers dead. Earlier this year, millions worldwide heard for the first time about Jegertroppen or Hunter Troop, the world's first ever all-women elite special forces training programme by Norway’s military. Instituted in 2014, the programme has proven highly successful in churning out elite women commandos for duties in Afghanistan and elsewhere. India has some of the finest special forces units and training centres in the world. It shouldn’t take much to plug trainee female commandos into the existing system. The facilities exist, and the excuses won't hold ground for long. So what’s stopping us? India is definitely ready to take this leap. The only question now, is when. ShivAroor is a defence journalist and author. His new military thriller Operation Jinnah is available in bookstores and on Juggernaut #Fweekend#Indian army#Indian navy#Indianairforce#Operation jinnah#Special forces#Surgical strike#Uri attack#Women army officers#Women in indian army Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 11:29 am | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 11:29 am Also See After India's 'punitive firing', Pakistan Army's tit-for-tat video shows damaged Indian posts Surgical strikes caused drop in infiltration bids along LoC from 130 in 2016 to 27 this year, says Rajnath Singh Pakistan video, which shows destruction of Indian post, is fake, says Indian Army Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 2 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 3 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA 4 Jun 8 IND Vs SL 5 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed 22 Passengers Killed as Bus Collides With Truck on NH-24 in Bareilly Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend Consider these 5 factors while making lump-sum investments in mutual funds ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts Salman Khan: 'I doubt Tubelight will break Baahubali 2's record, but don't feel the pressure' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Not finance, but Shanghai banks on manufacturing to reclaim commercial supremacy  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business China Economy China Economy Not finance, but Shanghai banks on manufacturing to reclaim commercial supremacy After Shanghai’s industrial output dropped 7 per cent in the first-quarter of 2016, officials knew they could not just rely on the service sectors for growth PUBLISHED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 12:02pm UPDATED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 12:02pm Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail Related topics China Economy Shanghai free-trade zone Related Articles Companies China and US need to talk, says Trump’s business adviser 3 Jun 2017 Economy Morgan Stanley stays bullish on China after Moody’s downgrade 2 Jun 2017 Companies Caixin PMI dips below 50 first time since June 2016 1 Jun 2017 Shanghai, China’s most developed metropolis, is backtracking from its resolution to become a service hub, and falling back on its tested manufacturing base to grease the wheels of commerce and growth. The city had boasted of unbending faith in the service sectors, which would transform it into a global financial and shipping centre by 2020. Gone are the upbeat rhetoric of such an ascension, but in its place, officials are quietly mapping out new plans to rejuvenate Shanghai’s manufacturing industry and reclaim China’s economic locomotive status. The final wake up call came when Shanghai’s industrial output dropped seven per cent year on year in the first quarter of 2016. Officials knew it was time to act. “There have been increasing questions about Shanghai’s manufacturing sectors following years of declines,” said Chen Mingbo, head of the Shanghai Commission of Economy and Information Technology. “We have an answer today: with efficient coordination, Shanghai’s manufacturing industry still has big growth potential.” Chen admitted that the shrinking contribution of the manufacturing sectors to the economy weighed on local government officials who decided to take drastic actions to stem the slide. Addressing a press conference earlier this week, he stressed the importance of ensuring sustainability in driving the growth of Shanghai’s manufacturing businesses, albeit the city’s land scarcity for industrial development and rising living costs. There have been increasing questions about Shanghai’s manufacturing sectors following years of declines Chen Mingbo, Shanghai Commission of Economy and Information Technology As he shed light on the development plan, Chen pointed out that 1 square kilometre of industrial area should generate at least economic output of 1 billion yuan (US$147 million) a year. Outdated and creaky factories and companies would be replaced by high-tech and promising money spinners. The city pledged to attract more than 60 key industrial projects with annual output of more than 1 billion yuan each between 2016 and 2020, Chen said. Biotechnology, new materials, industrial internet, semiconductor, smart car and airplane manufacturing are singled out to propel Shanghai’s further growth. They will feed into the government’s blueprint drawn up in May to reinforce the return of manufacturing businesses. Under the grand scheme, Shanghai would reserve more land for promising companies, offering preferential rents and incentives such as lower tax payments for small technology firms to enhance their manufacturing might. They had also actively pitched global industrial stars such as Microsoft to expand their investments in the city, Chen said. “Shanghai’s reputation can be a draw to the Fortune Global 500 companies,” Chen said. “They are interested in working with us.” Shanghai district Yangpu unveils ¥12b of start-up backing to transform from ‘rust belt’ to innovation hub Cen Fukang, a deputy director of the Shanghai Planning, Land and Resources Administration, said the city government would keep a flat fee on land-use for the prospective companies for the next 20 years, a departure from the current practice where fees are raised periodically. Shanghai has over the past two years refrained from touting its efforts to build a world-class financial centre after the slow progress made in liberalising the financial markets. To be fair, financial deregulation entails central government decision makers, and is something beyond the authorities in Shanghai. In 2009, the city had for the first time officially unveiled its global financial hub ambition, in tandem with Beijing’s efforts to internationalise the yuan. Piggybacking on the city leaders’ focus on finance until now, Shanghai’s service sectors accounted for 67.8 per cent of the local gross domestic product (GDP) last year. “A developed city can’t do without flourishing a manufacturing industry,” said Bob Zhou, chief executive of Shanghai-based investment group Yinshu Capital. “It is necessary to go back to manufacturing businesses as the city attempts to regain its growth momentum.” Shanghai has lagged behind its provincial-level counterparts in term of economic growth. Between 2008 and 2015, its GDP growth was eclipsed by the national average as its manufacturing sectors slumped. It is under pressure to chase industrial output growth as an increasing number of manufacturers, both home-grown and foreign-invested, relocate their facilities to other mainland cities or to overseas markets, where costs are lower. To move its manufacturing sectors up the value chain, the city has massively adjusted its economic structure since 1990s, closing down a large number of light-industry companies such as textile and daily necessities makers that were struggling with thinning profit margins. Since China began economic reform in the 1980s, Shanghai residents had taken pride in a clutch of brands including Forever bicycles, White Rabbit candies, Feiyue colour TVs and Bright milk which were among the best-selling products on the mainland. Most of the brands have faded in oblivion due to cut-throat competition. In 1985, Shanghai’s auto making industry was catapulted into international limelight after SAIC Motor established a joint venture with Volkswagen to produce sedans for the then fledgling car market. Last year, the manufacturing sectors represented only a quarter of the city’s GDP. Export-oriented businesses are increasingly finding themselves in a bind as the city loses its lustre as a gateway to the rest of the country. Yuan Lamei, owner of a garment company that sells clothes to the European markets, said net profit margins had fallen to a scant 8 per cent from more than 30 per cent a decade ago. “Wage inflation continues, and it’s increasingly difficult to get orders from foreign clients as they set eyes on the manufacturers in Southeast Asia,” she said. “For manufacturing businesses, it looks as if our days are numbered.” City officials do not think so. For manufacturing businesses, it looks as if our days are numbered Yuan Lamei, garment manufacturer Chen said a year of efforts to bolster manufacturing businesses have paid off. In the first quarter of this year, industrial output in Shanghai grew 6.7 per cent from the same period in 2016. “The government has the power to push the development of mega projects,” he said, adding that corporate giants owned by the central government and foreign investors would be lured to help create new jobs and growth engines for Shanghai. Last month, Shanghai officials relished a successful maiden flight of the country’s first self-made narrow-bodied passenger jet, signifying the country’s goal to compete for the global industrial crown. The C919 aircraft assembled by Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac) represents arguably China’s boldest attempt to break the duopoly of Airbus and Boeing. Comac and Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) also officially started operations of their 50-50 joint venture in late May in Shanghai to develop a long-haul, wide-bodied passenger plane. The double-aisle plane is expected to conduct a first flight in 2022, with deliveries beginning as early as 2025. Shanghai’s road to become a global financial centre had been a convoluted eight-year affair. Expected liberalisation including the establishments of two new boards at the Shanghai Stock Exchange – the international board and board for emerging industries – never came to pass. The qualified domestic individual investor (QDII2) scheme allowing mainland residents to directly invest in overseas stocks was shelve indefinitely after years of preparations on fears of rampant capital outflows that could exacerbate a weaker yuan. The crude oil futures opened to foreign players to trade in have yet to be launched. A freer capital flow across the border remains a far-cry, the major stumbling block for Shanghai’s rise into prominence in the global financial markets. Shanghai’s new mayor leads off with free-trade zone commitment In 2013, Shanghai established the mainland’s first free-trade zone that aims to facilitate free commodity and capital flows across the border. Interests have been at best modest, with few foreign and domestic companies reaping substantial benefits from the freedom of doing businesses inside the so-called mini-Hong Kong. It faces competition against another 10 similar zones across the nation. “But the ground reality is that Shanghai is still a thriving marketplace to do businesses,” said Cao Hua, a partner at Unity Asset Management. “Businesses all the way from catering to plane-making will gravitate to Shanghai, because it is the metropolis where millions of people have plenty of money to spend. The key lies in what products and services you can make to meet their needs.” SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 3 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 4 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 5 Let’s reconcile to a diet of squid as we overfish to our own peril Shared 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 3 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 4 Oracle partners Tencent in aiming for China cloud computing 5 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app Commented 1 Will China’s only vigil for the Tiananmen crackdown survive? 2 Hong Kong ‘turns blind eye’ as workers sleep in cupboards, kitchens, even toilets 3 Young Hongkongers ‘pushed to localism by Beijing policies’ 4 Chinese tourist destroys in seconds what nature took 3,000 years to build 5 China’s now able to lead on climate change … but is it willing? Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong What is it like to sleep like some of the foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong? Jun 3rd 2017, 11:47am Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm PolyU innovations win global tech awards Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content     Antiwar.com Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News News From Antiwar.com Original and up-to-date news Lockheed Sees $28 Billion From Saudi Arms Sales, Boeing Expects $50 Billion Lockheed Trying to Sell Saudis on Littoral Combat Ships as Part of Deal Jason Ditz Posted on June 2, 2017Categories NewsTags Boeing, Lockheed, Saudi Arabia, Trump The massive US arms deal with Saudi Arabia signed last month by President Trump is continuing to drive up arms makers’ stock, though at present the exact dollar values for specific companies are a matter of some speculation. Lockheed Martin, long expected to be one of the big sellers, put their figure at $28 billion. Lockheed’s sales include 150 Black Hawk helicopters, at the very least, but the company is also trying to sell the Saudis on the THAAD missile defense system, and the small but pricey Littoral Combat Ships (LCS) that the US has been struggling with constantly breaking down. Boeing offered their own estimates on Saudi contracts, saying they believe they’re getting $50 billion. This is stated to include both military sales and commercial sales. They did not offer guidance on how much of the funding was which, nor if this was sales only, or included maintenance deals for the lifetime of the planes. They also offered no specifics on what was being sold. These companies and other well-connected US arms makers are all expected to make quite a bit of money off this new arms deal with Saudi Arabia, as well as more money off of President Trump’s planned military spending increases. As the chance of peace suddenly breaking out looks more and more remote, the arms makers are expected to continue raking in money hand over fist. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain Cut Ties With Qatar Amid Growing Tensions - June 4th, 2017 'Low Sophistication' London Terror Attack Kills Seven - June 4th, 2017 ISIS Gains in Philippines Sew Fear Across Southeast Asia - June 4th, 2017 Syrian Army Expels ISIS From Key Aleppo Town - June 4th, 2017 Dozens of Civilians Killed Trying to Flee Western Mosul - June 4th, 2017 Author: Jason Ditz Jason Ditz is news editor of Antiwar.com. View all posts by Jason Ditz Click here to hide comments Post navigation Previous Previous post: CIA’s New Iran Chief Is a Sign of Trump’s ‘Hard Line’ on Iran Next Next post: US Airstrikes Hit Apartments in Raqqa, Kill 43 Civilians Advertise on Antiwar.com Search Search for: Search Recent Stories Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain Cut Ties With Qatar Amid Growing Tensions ‘Low Sophistication’ London Terror Attack Kills Seven ISIS Gains in Philippines Sew Fear Across Southeast Asia Syrian Army Expels ISIS From Key Aleppo Town Topics Libya ISIS Yemen Egypt Pentagon Russia Trump Ukraine Iran Gaza Kurdistan NATO Israel Turkey UN Pakistan Syria Afghanistan Iraq Obama Resources Antiwar.com Newsletter Regional News Advertise on Antiwar.com Submission Guidelines Reprint Policy Front Page Archives Donate to Antiwar.com Search Antiwar.com © 2017 Antiwar.com. All rights reserved. News From Antiwar.com Proudly powered by WordPress
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Calgary LIVE Calgary More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Calgary WestJet seeks Transport Canada approval to offer China flights Calgary-based airline has ordered 10 Boeing Dreamliners CBC News Posted: Jun 02, 2017 8:53 PM MT Last Updated: Jun 02, 2017 9:01 PM MT WestJet may purchase up to 20 Dreamliners over the next seven years as part of a deal that could see the airline access new international destinations. The latest announcement was flights to China. (Randall Hill/Reuters) Related Stories WestJet targets expanding long-range routes with up to 20 new Dreamliners Welcome to the discount era: Airlines offer cheap flights, we pay the rest: Don Pittis WestJet Airlines Ltd. is asking Transport Canada for regulatory approval to launch flights to China. CEO Gregg Saretsky made the comments at the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade on Friday, saying offering flights to Asia with lie-flat seats will allow the airline to add a luxury option to its mostly economical offerings. WestJet orders 10 Dreamliners for longer-range routes "We have entered into the process with Transport Canada, and Transport Canada will soon engage the Chinese delegation from Beijing, and before too long we hope to be bringing back the specifics to you," he said. He didn't announce which cities the airline would fly into, nor a potential launch date. Saretsky said the plan is "in-sync with what the Canadian federal government has on its agenda, which is to double the number of inbound arrivals from China by 2022." Last month, WestJet announced it had placed a firm order for 10 Boeing Dreamliners, which will have the range and fuel efficiency to serve new destinations in Asia, South America and expand the airline's presence in Europe. WestJet's first Dreamliner 787s would be delivered between the first quarter of 2019 and December 2021. The Calgary-based airline also has an option to buy an additional 10 Dreamliners to be delivered between 2020 and 2024.  MORE CALGARY NEWS | 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta.  MORE CALGARY NEWS | Province commits $20M to build school playgrounds Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Bow Island Brooks Cardston Esther Lethbridge Medicine Hat Milk River Onefour Strathmore Suffield Taber Vauxhall Monday A few showers 19°C Tuesday Sunny 21°C Wednesday Sunny 21°C Thursday Sunny 24°C Friday Sunny 24°C More Weather Latest Calgary News Headlines 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Calgary man mourns loss of fiance in London attack Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' David Khan chosen leader of the Alberta Liberal Party 1 dead in 'targeted' Saturday night southeast shooting It's back and it's magical: Calgary hula hooping community growing video Top News Headlines 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Canadian killed in London was struck on bridge Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack 'I lost everything': Regina couple says province's witness protection program failed them What we know about the London attack so far video Most Viewed Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' Anti-Islam, Anti-fascist groups clash at Calgary city hall 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta. 3 taken to hospital after shooting in southeast Calgary After a century of stumbles, Alberta's Liberals march on Fatal City Hall C-Train station stabbing a random attack, say police David Khan chosen leader of the Alberta Liberal Party Worker in Lethbridge dies after wind blows concrete wall onto him 1 dead in 'targeted' Saturday night southeast shooting Don't Miss 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name Analysis 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack 'I lost everything': Couple says Sask. witness protection program failed them New What we know about the London attack so far Come From Away wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical Ariana Grande returns to the stage for Manchester benefit show Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Junior hockey's biggest fight isn't on the ice — it's in the courtroom Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' 'Boosting the economy from the bottom up': Why minimum wage hikes are a good thing Bell, Rogers, Telus raise some internet prices — while small providers drop theirs 'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peak What to look for when choosing sunscreen for your kids: Your sun protection questions answered 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
05/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Cecilia Schelin Seidegard: "Gotland is strategic since the vikings" Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You can control the Baltic sea if you have Gotland" Cecilia Schelin Seidegard Governor of Gotland World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst World 29/05/2017 Ramadan explained Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Better than a thousand months." World 26/05/2017 'Europe not doing so bad' says Germany's Schäuble Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Don't underestimate European economies, European societies" Wolfgang Schäuble German Finance Minister Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Cassini-Huygens's extraordinary journey around Saturn Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now the really exciting bit, we're passing between the atmosphere and the ring system of Saturn" Geraint Jones Head of Planetary Science, Mullard Space Science Laboratory more quotes Weather Bulletin Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar Now Reading: World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar Today's Top Stories Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists world news 04/06/2017 London attacks: 'We heard gunshots... they said you gotta get out' world news 04/06/2017 London terror victims from all over the world Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines insiders 04/06/2017 Insiders: Living with the threat of terror World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar last updated: 02/06/2017 Everton Gayle Stratolaunch is a massive aircraft. It is designed to launch rockets into space. It comes with a wingspan of 117 metres or 385 feet. That makes it longer than a football pitch. Its twin fuselages stretch 75 metres or 285 feet. This compares with Airbus’ A380, which has a wingspan of 80 metres. It is a big beast and weighs almost 230,000 kilograms. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. It is hoped that it will be a cheaper option when it comes to launching low-orbit satellites. The advantage of this plane is that it can be used at numerous airports and is not restricted to fixed-launched sites that can be affected by weather. Share this article: More about: Aeronautical industry Airlines USA Space engineering Most viewed United Kingdom 04/06/2017 "This is for Allah" - the latest on the London attack Greece 04/06/2017 Greek police smash migrant smuggling ring world news 04/06/2017 London terror victims from all over the world Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Prime Minister Theresa May: 'enough is enough' Flashback: one year ago Australia 05/06/2016 Diver's death treated as second 'fatal shark incident' near Perth in a week France 05/06/2016 Flood water receding in Paris world news 05/06/2016 Is ISIL's de facto capital under threat? Syrian army 'penetrates Raqqa Province' Italy 05/06/2016 Matteo Renzi's popularity is tested as Italy goes to the polls in mayoral... France 05/06/2016 Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray to win the French Open Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines insiders 04/06/2017 Insiders: Living with the threat of terror world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? world news 03/06/2017 Paris Accord: the world’s biggest CO2 producers View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? Sport 02/06/2017 For Sofia football fans, dreams are fragile Next Article world news 01/06/2017 Watch: Global Energy Prize awarded in Russia Today's Top Stories Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists world news 04/06/2017 London attacks: 'We heard gunshots... they said you gotta get out' world news 04/06/2017 London terror victims from all over the world Channels Weather Bulletin 1 Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Latest Live Live United Kingdom 04/06/2017 Armed police fire 50 rounds to stop and kill London terrorists Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags London Terrorism United Kingdom Terrorist attack Theresa May Attack Internet Security Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 05/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Subscription Notification We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing details. Please update your billing details here Please update your billing information The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription. Your subscription will end shortly Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK. Accessibility LinksSkip to content Monday June 5 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Qatar is on board with Inmarsat’s wi-fi Will Humphries June 3 2017, 12:01am, The Times SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket delivered the latest Inmarsat commercial communication satellite to orbit from the Kennedy Space Center in Titusville, Florida, last monthAlamy Inmarsat is to launch a new satellite to increase capacity on its inflight broadband network after Qatar Airways agreed to use the service. The British mobile satellite communications company said the Global Xpress satellite, which will cost $130 million over three years to its launch in 2019, will serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. It said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passengers on more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its GX Aviation broadband service to more than 1,000. The service allows passengers to browse the internet and stream videos with connectivity on a par with broadband services available on the ground. Leo Mondale, president of Inmarsat Aviation, said:… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full digital access Subscribe to The Digital Pack for just £1 a month for 3 months. Offer available for 4 weeks only. Subscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power The Brief © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card required I’m OK thanks
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Crime/Public Safety Man arrested for allegedly kidnapping girl from downtown Spokane, raping her in Peaceful Valley UPDATED: Fri., June 2, 2017, 7:02 p.m. Opeyemi Ekundayo (Opeyemi Ekundayo / Facebook) By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A man was arrested May 24 for allegedly kidnapping a 16-year-old girl from downtown Spokane and molesting her for “several hours” in his car while parked in Peaceful Valley. The girl, who is homeless, was walking with her friend downtown about 7 p.m. when they came across Opeyemi Ekundayo, 33, and asked him for a cigarette, according to court documents. The three talked about phones, and the girl mentioned needing to upgrade hers, at which point Ekundayo said he would trade her his phone for her old phone. Ekundayo offered to drive her to where she was staying at a downtown homeless shelter to grab her phone charger, court documents state. Instead of heading there, he drove to Peaceful Valley and parked his Oldsmobile Bravada SUV near Glover Field. There, he apparently began fondling her, and the two spent hours “wrestling back and forth,” according to court documents. The girl tried several times to get out of the vehicle, but Ekundayo allegedly locked the doors each time and grabbed her by the arms, pulling her back into the vehicle, where he then raped her, documents state. He also forced her to drink blue-green colored liquid, and said it “will make you go to bed,” according to the girl’s description to police. She said it had a copper taste to it. Ekundayo, in jail Thursday, offered a different version of events during an interview. According to him, he and the girl were just “playing hand games and playing with ourselves.” He said at no point did she indicate he didn’t have her permission to touch her. He also said he couldn’t have raped her because he was rendered impotent after an accident he sustained in 2012 while working as an aircraft engineer at Boeing in Everett. In the interview, Ekundayo said the police and court system were conspiring to keep him behind bars and recounted acts of police brutality he claims to have experienced in the past. He also said he didn’t trust his court-appointed lawyer. Ekundayo, who is also homeless, claims police never issued a warrant to search his vehicle or swab his mouth for DNA, which investigators used to link him to the crime. A spokesperson for the Spokane Police Department was not immediately available for comment. At his first court appearance last Thursday, Superior Court Judge Annette Plese set bond at $500,000. Ekundayo has no prior felony convictions in Spokane County. He is charged with first-degree kidnapping, first- and second-degree rape, and unlawful imprisonment. His arraignment is set for Tuesday. Updated: June 2, 2017, 7:02 p.m.  Tags: Crosswalk Teen Shelter, public safety, rape Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Suspect in Portland stabbings built life around hate speech … Portland free speech rally, counter protests draw thousands … Overpass planned for Bigelow Gulch, Forker roads … Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … The Spokesman-Review … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global More Electric Aircraft Market Report 2017: Reduced Emissions of Electric Motors Has Pushed Lawmakers & FAA to Open Their Doors to New Technology - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global More Electric Aircraft Market 2017 - 2022" report to their offering. The More Electric Aircraft is a new segment in the eco-friendly transportation systems. It is widely used in military and next generation commercial aircraft for better operational efficiencies and a quieter operational environment. After the successful launch and operation of electric motors, their application in the transportation for commercial purpose has seen significant acceptance by consumers. Also the reduced emission of the electric motors has pushed the lawmakers and FAA to open their doors for this latest technology, change in laws and the intricacies of the pollution control law has allowed the electric motor industry to shift its focus from motors to transportation in all areas. GAMA has released (February, 2017) the first global standard for measuring hybrid and electric propulsion in general aviation aircraft. As per GAMA fuel reserves for flight needs to last 30 minutes, which includes a journey between two points, takeoff, flying pattern and return. GAMA also released standards for vertical flight pattern for rotorcraft and new generation aircraft that may have vertical takeoff capacity. The more electric aircraft move is turning towards propulsion system for aircraft and on complete electrical projections throughout the aircraft body. Airbus and Boeing have slowly introduced a more electric architecture on aircraft. The A380 and 350 had replaced three hydraulic systems with two electric systems successfully proving the technology to be safe. Airbus further plans to replace hydraulic power systems with electric generators on wide body aircraft. The aircraft APU is considered to be dead weight inflight, to be used in rare cases when both engines fail, to act as emergency power generator. Improvement in battery capacity density is expected to act as a major deciding factor for the future more electric aircraft. Companies Mentioned Aero Electric Aircraft Corporation Airbus SAS Alisport Electravia Electric Aircraft Corporation  Lange Aviation GmbH NASA PC-Aero Pipistrel Solar Impulse The Boeing Company  The Cessna Aircraft Company  Yuneec International Key Topics Covered: INTRODUCTION 2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 3. MARKET OVERVIEW AND TRENDS 4. MARKET DYNAMICS 5. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY PLATFORM 6. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY TECHNOLOGY 7. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY GEOGRAPHY 8. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE 9. KEY VENDOR ANALYSIS For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/ztdlhb/global_more Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-more-electric-aircraft-market-report-2017-reduced-emissions-of-electric-motors-has-pushed-lawmakers--faa-to-open-their-doors-to-new-technology---research-and-markets-300468027.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Preview: Global 3D Printing Material and Equipment Opportunities, Trends, and Markets 2017-2020 - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:20 ET Preview: Feed Additives Market to Reach $29 Billion by 2022 - Key Players are Cargill, BASF SE, Novozymes, Adisseo France, Nutreco, Evonik Industries, Archer Daniels Midland, Alltech & Elanco Animal Health - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global More Electric Aircraft Market Report 2017: Reduced Emissions of Electric Motors Has Pushed Lawmakers & FAA to Open Their Doors to New Technology - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Monika Donimirska Ariane 5 delivers to GTO orbit two communications satellites. The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Arianespace delivered to orbit during VA237 mission two communications satellites from Guiana Space Center. During sixth flight in 2017 and third with Ariane 5 this year, Arianespace marked its another success and strengthened its image of the Company as one of the most reliable launch service providers in history. It is second launch delayed and postponed from March and April due the series of strikes in French Guiana. Arianespace again decided to deliver two satellites in single mission stretching payload fairing of Ariane 5 as much as possible. Yesterday payload mass was 10865 kg. ViaSat-2 was installed on the top of the Sylda payload adapter installed over the Eutelsat-172B. Objective for this mission was delivering payload with mass of over 10 t 250 km x 35706 km inclined at 6 degrees. Ariane 5 ECA was rolled out in the vertical position on May 31, 2017. Fueling process was started yesterday at T-4’38” with launch planned for 23:45 UTC. Chilling engines, testing of subsystems and preparing to launch were finished and pressurizing tanks started at T-7″. Punctually at 23:45 UTC rocket lifted off and begun its planned for 41 minutes mission with pitch and roll maneuver to face towards East. Rocket jettisoned its two solid rocket boosters after first 2’22” of flight on altitude of 70 km.  68 seconds later payload fairing was jettisoned and both satellites were exposed. At T+9’15” main stage was cut off and started falling to Atlantic Ocean to dropzone close to west coast of Africa. Rocket continued flight on altitude of 150km. Upper stage ignited engine for 16 minutes to cut off at T+25′ after reaching altitude of 1300 km. After few maneuvers Viasat-2 was deployed from Sylda adapter at T+30′. Ten minutes later, Eutelsat-172B was released and begun its mission. Viasat-2 (Boeing) and Eutelsat-172B (Airbus) are communications satellites. Viasat-2 will operate for at least 15 years and provide high speed internet access. Built on the  BSS-702HP platform is equipped with Ka band transponders which will cover with range North and Central America, Caribbean and main routes between Europe and North America. Satellite weighs 6418 kg and is powered by two deployable solar arrays. Eutelsat-172b built by Airbus is first European commercial satellite with electric propulsion. Built on Eurostar-3000EOR bus it weighs 3551 kg and is equipped with 14 C-band transponders, 36 Ku-band transponders, high throughput Ku-band payload. Satellite will remain on GEO orbit for at least 15 years. Satellite is powered by two deployable solar arrays providing 13 kW of power. Read more at Ariane 5 delivers to GTO orbit two communications satellites. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAirbus, Ariane 5, Arianespace, Boeing, Eutelsat-172b, Guiana Space Center, ViaSat-2, ViaSat-2&Eutelsat-172B Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paramount to Present at NAREIT’s REITWeek 2017 Next PostNext Upper County Park Playground Temporarily Closed Search Recent Posts Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Zambian Radio Live – Internet Stream Player 3.2 for iOS India (#1) and China (#2) Top the 2017 A.T. Kearney Global Retail Development Index™ Rankings Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, 3M Dominate the DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick June 2, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet June 2, 2017: Markets opened higher again Friday following a lower-than-expected number from the non-farm payroll report. Bond yields were lower as investors are seeking cover for what looks to be less economic expansion than people expected in the heady days following last November’s election. Energy stocks were today’s big losers while industrials and tech stocks were the best performers. WTI crude oil for July delivery settled at $47.66 a barrel, down 1.5% for the day and down 4.3% for the week. August gold added 0.8% for the day to settle at $1,280.20, up about 1% for the holiday-shortened week. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.29 for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.36%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.92%. http://247wallst.com/energy-economy/2017/06/02/pump-prices-remain-low-as-refineries-soak-up-us-crude-oil-inventories/ The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Friday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.64% at $190.39. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $191.69, a new high posted today. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 2.9 million shares. The company had no specific news. 3M Company (NYSE: MMM) traded up 1.32% at $207.05. The stock’s 52-week range is $163.85 to $207.39, another new 52-week high. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 1.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) traded up 0.94% at $129.99. The stock’s 52-week range is $109.32 to $130.00, a third new high among the Dow stocks. Volume was about 30% lower than the daily average of around 6 million shares. The company had no specific news. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) traded up 0.79% at $96.15. The stock’s 52-week range is $73.25 to $96.18, a fourth new 52-week high posted today. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 7.6 million. The company had no specific news Friday. Of the Dow stocks, 19 are on track to close higher Friday and 11 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple Hewlett-Packard, Exxon Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Visa (NYSE:V) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN REQUEST SUPPORT WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission Photo By Christine Cuttita | The 45th Space Wing supported NASA’s successful launch of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus...... read more read more Photo By Christine Cuttita | The 45th Space Wing supported NASA’s successful launch of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Space Launch Complex 41 April 18, 2017, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fla., at 11:11 a.m. ET. (Courtesy photo/United Launch Alliance)  see less | View Image Page PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FL, UNITED STATES 05.18.2017 Story by Christine Cuttita  45th Space Wing ✔ ✗ Subscribe 3 With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation,” said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. “Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 05.18.2017 Date Posted: 06.02.2017 15:53 Story ID: 236194 Location: PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FL, US  Web Views: 101 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission, by Christine Cuttita, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS 45SW Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612 Customer Service 7am to 4pm 1-888-743-4662 Newswire Features Units Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service Links Links Disclaimer No FEAR Act Small Business Act Open Government Strategic Plan FOIA USA Gov Inspector General Web Policy EEO Sexual Assault Prevention
Campaign URL Copy Facebook 0 likes Twitter 0 tweets Google +1 Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt Some graphene applications are promotional gimmicks. Not this one. View this email in your browser Queen's University and Eagle Graphite Announce Grant to Test Multi-Layered Graphene in Plastic Composites Queens University and Eagle Graphite (TSX VENTURE:EGA)(FRANKFURT:NJGP)(OTC:APMFF) ("Eagle Graphite", “Eagle”, or the "Company") are pleased to announce that the NSERC Engage committee has granted an award for research and development into the use of multi-layer graphene (“MLG”) as a reinforcement for plastic composites.   NSERC, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, is a federal government agency that selectively invests in research at the frontier of knowledge.   The six-month project builds on the successful production of MLG from Eagle’s graphite by Queen’s researchers, the results of which were discussed in previous releases. The new round of research will be led by Dr. Marianna Kontopoulou, PhD, P.Eng., Professor and Associate Head of Chemical Engineering at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario. The primary objective is to study the potential for using multi-layered graphene, derived from graphite from Eagle’s production facility in British Columbia, in plastic composites. George Hawley of Supermin Enterprises will provide additional guidance and support as a consultant to the project.   Dr. Kontopoulou explains the rationale for the research: “Polymer matrices are inherently light-weight and resistant to corrosion and are therefore attractive in automotive, structural and other engineering applications. However, they suffer from low stiffness, and can therefore benefit from modulus, and dimensional stability improvements that can be accomplished by using reinforcing fillers. Treated graphene nanoplatelets can impart superior flexural strength, thermal and electrical conductivity, and they are considered a very attractive alternative to conventional filler reinforcement.”   George Hawley adds that the research could have significant consequences for the transport industries. “The automotive and aerospace sectors have a tremendous need for lighter, stiffer and stronger materials.”   “Automobile manufacturers are faced with increasingly stringent fuel economy standards. For example, by 2025 the US CAFE standards will require every automaker to achieve a fleet average fuel economy of 54.5 mpg, and the industry has a long way to go to meet this standard. Falling short of the target can result in heavy fines; across the industry $500 million has already been paid in fines since 1988, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is proposing even steeper fines than exist today.”   “One key way to improve gas mileage is to reduce the vehicle weight, by replacing metal with plastics, and reducing the thickness of those plastics. But thinner plastics must have improved mechanical properties. This is done by adding extra-strong and extra-stiff reinforcements such as multilayer graphene.”   “Another approach is to increase the number of electric vehicles in an automakers fleet. These vehicles also benefit from lighter weight to improve the range of the battery. Again, this can be achieved using plastics made thinner by incorporation of high performance reinforcements like multilayer graphene.”   “Similar lightweighting considerations apply to aerospace. Manufacturers like Boeing and Airbus are reducing weight by switching from metal to plastics. The benefits are more passengers per plane and lower fuel cost. A 787-8 is calculated to save the operator $130 million in fuel cost savings over the life of the plane, compared to the 767. Thinner, lighter plastics should provide even greater savings.”   Jamie Deith, CEO of Eagle Graphite says “We are as enthusiastic as ever about our collaboration with Queens. This work has enormous potential commercial benefits for us; materials for autos and aerospace are a huge market. But it is also personally satisfying to consider that along the way we might help the world use less energy.” About Queen’s University Queen’s is one of Canada’s oldest degree-granting institutions and a full-spectrum, research-intensive university that conducts leading-edge research in a variety of areas. It balances excellence in undergraduate studies with well-established and innovative graduate programs. The department of Chemical Engineering at Queen’s is an award-winning department in both research and teaching, reflecting the dedication in the Department to achieve the highest standard of academic excellence. Its mission is to provide internationally recognized leadership in education and research at the interface of science and engineering, anticipate the needs of our students and society as a whole, and contribute to responsible solutions for future generations. The Department of Chemical Engineering is nationally recognized as one of the top research departments in Canada and internationally acknowledged as a leading department in North America. About Supermin Supermin Enterprises is the consulting company of George C Hawley. Mr. Hawley worked in the UK as a Research & Development Chemist for Morgan Crucible company, a leading global manufacturer of synthetic graphite products. Later, as Technical & Marketing Director at Martin Marietta Corporation in Quebec, he was responsible for the development of the Suzorite Mica business. Working closely with auto manufacturers Ford, General Motors, Chrysler and Volkswagen, and with plastics producers GE, DuPont, GAF, and Hercules, he pioneered the reinforcement of plastics using high aspect ratio mica flake, and brought this to a production capacity of 30,000 tonnes per year. Since 1980, Mr. Hawley has been a consultant providing expert guidance to the industrial minerals industry, including graphite. About Eagle Graphite Eagle Graphite Incorporated is an Ontario company that owns one of only two natural flake graphite production facilities in North America, located 35 kilometres west of the city of Nelson in British Columbia, Canada, and 70 kilometres north of the state of Washington, USA, known as the Black Crystal graphite quarry. The Company's shares are listed on the TSXV under the symbol "EGA" and on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol "NJGP". Contact Info Eagle Graphite Incorporated Jamie Deith, President & CEO (604) 909-4237 jdeith@eaglegraphite.com   More News Website  TSX-V:  EGA Cautionary Statements  Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Such information is based on assumptions, estimates, opinions and analysis made by management in light of its experience, current conditions and its expectations of future developments as well as other factors which it believes to be reasonable and relevant. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking information and accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on such information. Although the Company believes, in light of the experience of its officers and directors, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors that have been considered appropriate, that the expectations reflected in this forward-looking information are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on them because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. In evaluating forward-looking information, readers should carefully consider the various factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward looking information. The statements in this press release are made as of the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation to comment on analyses, expectations or statements made by third parties in respect of the Company or its securities, its financial or operating results, as applicable. Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Copyright © 2017 Eagle Graphite Incorporated, All rights reserved. unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By Associated Press Published: 14:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 14:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail DALLAS (AP) - President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off - fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner - lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes - fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord "would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation's abundant energy resources under lock and key." The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Monday 5 June 2017 , Monday 5 June 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News Police HQ wants MRP numbers on Interpol website CAAB in a limbo 12 held after London terror attack kills 7 Country exists for Sundarbans: PM Dredging of rivers yet to start Science & Tech 3 June, 2017 12:29:43 AM / LAST MODIFIED: 3 June, 2017 12:30:04 AM ViaSat-2 goes into orbit wi-fi on aeroplanes BBC An Ariane 5 rocket lifts off from the French Guiana Space Center with two satellites onboard ViaSat-2, built by Boeing Satellite Systems for the American operator ViaSat Inc and EUTELSAT 172B, built by Airbus Defence and Space for the French operator Eutelsat, in Kourou, French Guiana on Thursday. AFP photo The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket, reports BBC. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes.  Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price.  The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellite’s communications payload for no additional weight.  The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsat’s platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europe’s biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America.  But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still.  “We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; that’s the bet we’ve made,” said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. “JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now they’re giving it away for free and we’re providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video,” he told BBC News. ViaSat-2’s “footprint” touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second.  From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsat’s 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier.   ViaSat-2 goes into orbit wi-fi on aeroplanes BBC The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket, reports BBC. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes. Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price. The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellites communications payload for no additional weight. The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsats platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europes biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America. But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still. We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; thats the bet weve made, said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now theyre giving it away for free and were providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video, he told BBC News. ViaSat-2s footprint touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second. From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsats 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier. Comments Most popular   On Science & Tech ICT Division wins Global mobileGov Award India launches South Asia Satellite Humans must flee Earth within century: Stephen Hawking Millions of Android phones could be tracked with ultrasonic spying tool Government backs driverless car trials in London Poll Today's Question » RMG sector apex trade body BGMEA has demanded full withdrawal of tax at source for the sector for two years. Do you support this?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 18.2% No 81.8% No Comment 0.0% Most Viewed Dhaka to place draft plan at int’l labour confce Tk 11,500cr project undertaken PM intervention sought for tax relief on gas price Senator seeks info on Hillary’s ‘special treatment’ for Yunus Proposed VAT regime may ‘trigger inflation’ Video Session fee at English medium schools (03-06-2017) Iftar for poor people (03-06-2017) Cyclone Mora hits coastal areas (30-05-2017) Muhith on budget (30-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) More Science & Tech Stories BRAC Onnesha launches into space BRAC Onnesha, the nation's first nano-satellite, was launched by SpaceX, FALCON 9 Rocket by its CRS-11 mission to ISS (International Space Station) early Sunday. The launch took place from Kennedy Space Center, Florida around… This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly SpaceX blasts off cargo using recycled spaceship Microsoft co-founder unveils world's biggest plane Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Bangabandhu-1 satellite to be launched in Dec: Tarana Twitter just launched emoji for these Indigenous peoples Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News TAKE A LOOK-Russian, foreign businesses gather at St Petersburg forum Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-11:21pm , Reuters Oil market A-listers including Saudi energy minister Khalid Al-Falih and OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo attended, while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the highest-profile foreign leader at the 2017 forum. Russian and international business people are meeting in St Petersburg on June 1-3 for an annual economic forum that usually brings a number of big-ticket investment deals. Oil market A-listers including Saudi energy minister Khalid Al-Falih and OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo attended, while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the highest-profile foreign leader at the 2017 forum. Oil firms eyeing future production deals are also in the fray, represented by the chief executives of Total, OMV, ENGIE, Wintershall and BP. For Reuters stories from the forum published on June 1 Below is a list of the latest Reuters stories from the forum: Putin praises Trump, says US spies may have faked hacking evidence Putin says foreign direct investment in Russia $7 bln in Q1 Russia's Putin says on climate change accord "don't worry, be happy" Putin says still time to get climate change deal India says committed to climate change agreement Aeroflot says new Russian jet serious competitor to Boeing, Airbus INTERVIEW-New Kazakh bourse eyes significant part of planned IPOs Rosneft expands in Iraq's Kurdistan with exploration, pipeline deals INTERVIEW-Essar-Rosneft deal to close in June, SBI head says Saudi's Falih: Aramco to invest globally in gas, LNG after IPO Moldova returning to strategic partnership with Russia-Dodon World Bank: Russia must ensure price stability to spur growth Russian state fund would welcome Saudi investment in driller Eurasia Over half of CFOs in Russia now optimistic-Deloitte survey Russia's Sechin questions oil cut deals as U.S. ups output (Compiled by Sujata Rao) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Iran lashes out at US, Saudi for starting regional alliance against Tehran World London Terror Attack: 7 killed, 21 critical; 12 nabbed by UK police World Donald Trump believes in climate change: Nikki Haley World China: 1000 years old hidden temple found by archaeologists World Syria army takes Aleppo town from Islamic State World ISIS member British national Jihadi Jack nabbed in Syria Next Article > Netaji death mystery: RTI reply based on 2006 conclusion, willing to examine 'new facts', says Home Ministry Next node Netaji death mystery: RTI reply based on 2006 conclusion, willing to examine 'new facts', says Home Ministry Related Exclusive | Terrorism has been used for political reasons in both India and Syria: Bashar al-Assad Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Will redouble our effort to 'make the planet great again', says France Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Narendra Modi Reuters Rosneft Aeroflot Airbus Boeing Moldova OMV Opec Wintershall Russia Putin U. S. Aramco Eurasia Iraq Kurdistan Khalid al-Falih St Petersburg Sujata Rao Trump SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 22 burnt alive as bus catches fire after collision GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' Sport Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Rise As FedEx Breaks Out And A Warren Buffett Pick Retakes Entry PAUL WHITFIELD 6/02/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off U.S. stock indexes stood firm midday Friday, as the market shrugged off weak payroll numbers and a dip in the participation rate. The Nasdaq rose 0.7%, while the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average added roughly 0.3% respectively. The small cap Russell 2000 advanced 0.8%. Volume in the stock market today was lower on both major exchanges vs. the same time Thursday.  Before the open, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported payroll and employment data for May. Nonfarm payrolls added 138,000 jobs, which was 25% below the consensus view and under the lowest estimate in the range. The average monthly gain over the previous 12 months was 181,000. The jobless rate dipped one tick to 4.3% from 4.4%, as the participation rate fell to 62.7% from 62.9%. Stock indexes generally remained calm. The day's losers were mostly in the lowly rated oil patch. Field services stocks dropped 3%, and drillers 2%. On the upside, RV stocks, metal handling, airlines and fiber optics posted solid gains. FedEx (FDX) broke out in heavy volume. The stock had been consolidating since mid-December in a flat base. The buy point is 201.67. FedEx's previous breakout came in November. The stock advanced about 13% before starting its current consolidation. In Q1, Fidelity Contrafund (FCNTX) reduced its stake by 23%. Delta Airlines (DAL) reclaimed a 50.28 buy point. The stock began forming a cup-with-handle pattern in mid-December. The buy point in the handle was 50.28.  Delta cleared the handle May 25 in soft volume but then fell back under the buy point. Friday's retaking of the buy point came in hefty volume. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has a position in Delta but trimmed the stake 8% in Q1. Blue chips were mostly up. Winners led losers by a 4-to-3 ratio. Boeing (BA) popped 2% higher in volume moderately above average. Chevron (CVX) sagged 1%, also in moderately higher volume. Oil prices dropped 2% to under $47.50. Market watchers said President Trump's pullout from the Paris climate pact would lead to more drilling and therefore lower prices on the increased supply. Amid highly rated stocks, stocks moving in fast trade included Five Below (FIVE) off 1%; TAL Education (TAL), up 3%; Align Technology (ALGN), up 2%; Broadcom (AVGO), up 7%; Ferrari (RACE), up 2%; Canada Goose (GOOS), up 9%; and Applied Materials (AMAT), up 2%. RELATED: Waiting For A Big Stock Market Pullback? Read This First In The Oil Wars, There Can Be Only One Winner Big U.S. Airline Flies Into Buy Range On Strong Revenue, Traffic Bank Stocks Getting Hit Again PAUL WHITFIELD | Facebook | @/IBD_Pwhitfield Share this: Related news Why Facebook, Apple-Supplier Taiwan Semi Lead 5 Stocks For Your Watch List 8:00 AM ET As the major indexes continue to climb to new all-time highs, many quality stocks are now extended. Here’s a look... 8:00 AM ET As the major indexes continue to climb to new all-time... A Surprise Big-Cap Breakout As Stocks Open June With Two-Day Rally 4 U.S. Airlines Are In Buy Range As Delta Reports Strong Revenue Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch Chips Lead Nasdaq Higher, But Check Out This Biotech On The Move Boeing, In Buy Range, Is Bullish On Mideast Carriers Despite Trump Bans Mixed Signals On Laptop Ban Leave Airline Stocks Twisting In The Wind These Airlines Emerge As Top Anti-Dragging Rivals To United Breakout Watch: Is This Airline Stock Ready For Takeoff? Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! View Archived Webinar Now Learn advanced buying strategies & see current examples of how these techniques can boost your portfolio profits. More News What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Who Will Win The Oil Wars? U.S. Shale, OPEC Or Consumers? All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 PUNE, India, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The report „Small Satellite Market by Type (Nanosatellite, Microsatellite, Minisatellite), End User (Civil, Defense, Commercial), Application (Earth Observation & Meteorology, Communication, Scientific Research & Exploration), and Region – Global Forecast to 2022”, published by MarketsandMarkets™, the small satellite market is estimated to grow from USD 2.92 Billion in 2017 to USD 7.53 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 20.83% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 68 market data Tables and 41 Figures spread through 163 Pages and in-depth TOC on „Small Satellite Market” http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-satellite-market-150947396.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report Key factors such as increasing focus on reducing mission costs, rise in demand for earth observation related activities, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction are expected to fuel the growth of the small satellite market. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=150947396 Based on type, the minisatellite segment is expected to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on type, the minisatellite segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period, as these satellites can be used for high precision and complex space missions such as remote sensing, navigation, maritime and transportation management, space & earth observations, disaster management, military intelligence, telecommunications, and other academic purposes. The earth observation & meteorology application segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on application, the earth observation & meteorology segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period. Small satellites are capable of monitoring natural or manmade disasters, such as cyclones, earthquakes, landslides, and environmental pollution, among others. Small satellites have computational and communication capabilities, along with competencies in taking decisions about which data to be sent and when. North America is projected to account for the largest share of the small satellite market in 2017  North America is estimated to lead the small satellite market in 2017. Increasing interest in small satellites due to their low cost, advanced mechanics, and ease of assemble and launch has led to a rise in venture capital-backed funding for small satellites in the region. The small satellite market in the North American region is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. Inquiry Before Buy @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=150947396 Boeing (U.S.), Airbus Defense and Space (France), OneWeb (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), and Surrey Satellite Technology (U.K.), among others, are the major players in the small satellite market. Browse Related Reports  Satellite Payloads Market by Orbit Type (LEO, MEO, GEO), Payload Type (Communication, Imaging, Navigation), Vehicle Type (Small, Medium to Heavy), Payload Weight (Low, Medium, High), Frequency Band, Application, & Region – Global Forecasts to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/satellite-payload-market-223389741.html X-Band Radar Market by Application (Defense, Government, and Commercial), Type (Mobile, and Sea-based X-band Radar), Array (Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA), Passive Electronically Scanned Array (PESA), and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/x-band-radar-market-210561157.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™   MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies’ revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the „Growth Engagement Model – GEM”. The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write „Attack, avoid and defend” strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets’ flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, „RT” connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Piezoelectric Ceramics Industry Report :key Vendors, Trends, Analysis, Segmentation, Forecast to 2017-2022 Next PostNext Commercial Vehicle Axles 2017 Global Market By Types, Countries, Manufacturers, Applications to 2022 – AAM, MerTechnologyor?, DANA, PRESS KOGYO, SAF-HOLLAND, BPW Group Search Recent Posts China: First Flight Lands at Shangrao’s New Airport Financing Innovative SMEs in the Caribbean World Bank Helps Bangladesh Diversify Exports and Create 90,000 New Jobs State Bank of India (SBI) approves 100MW of Grid-Connected Rooftop Solar Projects under Word Bank Program Search News Releases – Illinois.gov Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Small Satellite Market by Type (Nanosatellite, Microsatellite, Minisatellite), End User (Civil, Defense, Commercial), Application (Earth Observation & Meteorology, Communication, Scientific Research & Exploration), and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the small satellite market is estimated to grow from USD 2.92 Billion in 2017 to USD 7.53 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 20.83% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 68 market data Tables and 41 Figures spread through 163 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Small Satellite Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-satellite-market-150947396.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report Key factors such as increasing focus on reducing mission costs, rise in demand for earth observation related activities, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction are expected to fuel the growth of the small satellite market. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=150947396 Based on type, the minisatellite segment is expected to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on type, the minisatellite segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period, as these satellites can be used for high precision and complex space missions such as remote sensing, navigation, maritime and transportation management, space & earth observations, disaster management, military intelligence, telecommunications, and other academic purposes. The earth observation & meteorology application segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on application, the earth observation & meteorology segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period. Small satellites are capable of monitoring natural or manmade disasters, such as cyclones, earthquakes, landslides, and environmental pollution, among others. Small satellites have computational and communication capabilities, along with competencies in taking decisions about which data to be sent and when. North America is projected to account for the largest share of the small satellite market in 2017  North America is estimated to lead the small satellite market in 2017. Increasing interest in small satellites due to their low cost, advanced mechanics, and ease of assemble and launch has led to a rise in venture capital-backed funding for small satellites in the region. The small satellite market in the North American region is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. Inquiry Before Buy @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=150947396 Boeing (U.S.), Airbus Defense and Space (France), OneWeb (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), and Surrey Satellite Technology (U.K.), among others, are the major players in the small satellite market. Browse Related Reports  Satellite Payloads Market by Orbit Type (LEO, MEO, GEO), Payload Type (Communication, Imaging, Navigation), Vehicle Type (Small, Medium to Heavy), Payload Weight (Low, Medium, High), Frequency Band, Application, & Region - Global Forecasts to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/satellite-payload-market-223389741.html X-Band Radar Market by Application (Defense, Government, and Commercial), Type (Mobile, and Sea-based X-band Radar), Array (Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA), Passive Electronically Scanned Array (PESA), and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/x-band-radar-market-210561157.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™   MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets' flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 17:30 BST Preview: Clickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 16:00 BST Preview: Aerospace Materials Market Worth 25.80 Billion USD by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 17:30 BSTClickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 16:00 BSTAerospace Materials Market Worth 25.80 Billion USD by 2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Industry Report: Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Indu   Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry. (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Micro Tactical Ground Robot. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017. The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Micro Tactical Ground Robot market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market is headed. Access complete report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-micro-tactical-ground-robot-sales-market-report-2017 With this Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market report, one is sure to keep up with information on the dogged competition for market share and control, between elite manufacturers. It also features, price, production, and revenue. It is where you will understand the politics and tussle of gaining control of a huge chunk of the market share. As long as you are in search of key Industry data and information that can readily be accessed, you can rest assured that this report got them covered. Key companies profiled in this report are Roboteam, QinetiQ, iRobot Corporation, Boeing Company, Thales, Northrop Grumman, Clearpath Robotics, Robotnik Automation, ReconRobotics, Perrone Robotics and others. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/537148 When taking a good look at this report, based on the product, it is evident that the report shows the rate of production, price, revenue, and market share as well as of the growth of each product type. And emphasis is laid on the end users, as well as on the applications of the product. It is one report that hasn't shied away from taking a critical look at the current status and future outlook for the consumption/sales of these products, by the end users and applications. Not forgetting the market share control and growth rate of Micro Tactical Ground Robot Industry, per application. All the queries about this report can be asked at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/537148 List of Chapters: 1 Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Overview 2 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 3 United States Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 Southeast Asia Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 India Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 10 Micro Tactical Ground Robot Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Ariane 5 launches its first all-electric satellite by Staff Writers Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) Jun 02, 2017 file image Arianespace has successfully launched two telecommunications satellites: ViaSat-2 for ViaSat Inc.; and EUTELSAT 172B for the operator Eutelsat - which is the first all-electric satellite to be orbited by an Ariane 5. The launch took place on Thursday, June 1 at 8:45 pm (local time) from the Guiana Space Center (CSG), Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. Today's launch was the sixth of the year for Arianespace, and the third in 2017 with the Ariane 5 heavy launcher, which recorded its 79th successful mission in a row. The Ariane 5 ECA also set a new performance record into geostationary transfer orbit, carrying a total payload of 10,865 kg. (of which 9,969 kg. was the net liftoff mass for the two satellites). With this mission - the 289th by its family of launchers - Arianespace is at the service of connectivity on a global scale. Arianespace at the service of ViaSat Inc. ViaSat-2 is the second ViaSat Inc. satellite to be launched by Arianespace, after WildBlue-1 in 2006. ViaSat, a global broadband services and technology company, aims to change the general perception of satellite internet, globally. The company has set out to advance global connectivity and solve one of the hardest communications problems: making the internet accessible and affordable to all. The ViaSat-2 satellite system will bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage. Its coverage zone includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. ViaSat has also chosen Arianespace to launch a ViaSat-3 class satellite, further extending the partnership between the two companies. Arianespace launches first all-electric satellite for Eutelsat with Ariane 5 EUTELSAT 172B is the 32nd satellite launched by Arianespace for Eutelsat, starting with EUTELSAT-1 F1 in 1983. Eutelsat is one of the world's leading telecom satellite operators, with a fleet of 39 satellites serving a broad range of customers. Including today's mission, Arianespace has now orbited more than half of all Eutelsat satellites. EUTELSAT 172B will increase the operator's capacity for fast-growing applications, such as in-flight and at-sea connectivity, mobile network interconnections, video and government services. It will be positioned at 172 East - a strategic orbital position providing exceptional coverage of Asia-Pacific, on land and at sea, from Alaska to Australia. Two more Eutelsat satellites are in Arianespace's order book. EUTELSAT 172B is the first all-electric telecommunications satellite to be built in Europe by Airbus, in Toulouse, France, and uses the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR (Electric Orbit Raising) platform. It is also the first all-electric satellite to be launched by Arianespace on an Ariane 5. Arianespace confirms its advantages: reliability, performance, availability, flexibility The payload for Flight VA237 set a new record for the mass carried into geostationary transfer orbit, totaling 10,865 kg. (9,969 kg. net for the satellites). With this performance, Ariane 5 beats its previous record of 10,737 kg. (9,856 kg. for the satellites), set on August 24, 2016 during Flight VA232. This launch brings the total performance gain achieved since the beginning of Ariane 5 ECA operations to more than 1.5 metric tons. This performance will continue to gradually increase during the coming years. A sustained launch rate, thanks to the availability of Arianespace's launcher family With six launches, all successful, between January 27 and June 1 (three by Ariane 5, two by Soyuz and one by Vega), Arianespace maintains a sustained pace of operations. To date this year, Arianespace has already orbited eight geostationary satellites, totaling 34.57 metric tons, and one Earth observation satellite. The three successful launches in less than a month - two by Ariane 5 (May 4 and June 1) and one by Soyuz (May 18) - clearly show the operational maturity of Arianespace's family of launchers. The next Ariane 5 launch, planned for June 28, will bring the total number of launches in the first half of 2017 to seven. Three more Ariane 5 missions and two with Vega are planned during the second half of the year. Arianespace at the service of in-flight connectivity The in-flight connectivity market, boosted by strong development momentum, is expected to grow by 300% in the next 10 years, with the number of Internet-enabled aircraft increasing from 5,300 in 2015 to more than 26,500 in 2025. Arianespace clearly supports these new space-based applications designed to improve people's lives, with six geostationary satellites dedicated to in-flight connectivity in its order book for future launches, plus the OneWeb low-Earth orbit constellation. Shortly after the announcement of the orbital injection of the two satellites on today's Flight VA237, Arianespace Chief Executive Officer Stephane Israel said: "With this third successful Ariane 5 launch of the year, and the 79th consecutive success in a row, Arianespace proudly delivers its service excellence to our American and European customers in support of global connectivity. The new all-time payload weight record set by this launch, which also was the first orbiting of an all-electric satellite by our heavy launcher, confirms the power and flexibility of Ariane 5. "We are very honored by the confidence shown by ViaSat Inc., which has chosen Arianespace for the second time, as well as that of the European operator Eutelsat, for whom we have launched 32 satellites since 1983. Our congratulations to Boeing, which built ViaSat-2, and to Airbus, which built EUTELSAT 172B - the first satellite to use Europe's all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR platform. ViaSat-2 was built by Boeing in El Segundo, California, using the 702HP platform. Positioned at 70 West, it will provide about 300 Gbps of throughput in Ka-band for North and Central America and the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. It weighed 6,418 kg. at liftoff and offers a design life exceeding 14 years. EUTELSAT 172B was built by Airbus in Toulouse, France, using the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR platform. Positioned at 172 East, EUTELSAT 172B will provide fixed and mobile services, as well as in-flight connectivity for the Asia-Pacific region. It weighed 3,551 kg. at liftoff and offers a design life exceeding 15 years. Tweet Arianespace launches SES-15 using Soyuz rocket Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) May 19, 2017 Arianespace has orbited the SES-15 telecommunications satellite for European operator SES. Liftoff took place on Thursday, May 18 at 8:54 a.m. (local time in Kourou) from the Guiana Space Center (CSG), Europe's Spaceport in French Guiana. This launch was the fifth of the year for Arianespace, and the second by Soyuz from CSG to geostationary transfer orbit (GTO), as well as the first Arian ... read more Related Links Arianespace Rocket Science News at Space-Travel.Com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Astronauts return after marathon ISS mission From 2D to 3D, Space Station Microscope Gets an Upgrade Studying Flame Behavior in Microgravity with a Solid "High-Five" NASA honors Kennedy's space vision on 100th birthday SpaceX blasts off cargo using recycled spaceship Ariane 5 launches its heaviest telecom payload Eutelsat signs new launch contract with Arianespace Ariane 5 launches its first all-electric satellite Halos discovered on Mars widen time frame for potential life Curiosity Peels Back Layers on Ancient Martian Lake Student-Made Mars Rover Concepts Lift Off Illinois Company Among Hundreds Supporting NASA Mission to Mars California Woman Charged for Trying to Hand Over Sensitive Space Tech to China A cabin on the moon? China hones the lunar lifestyle China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Thomas Pesquet returns to Earth Propose a course idea for the CU space minor Leading Global Air And Space Law Group Joins Reed Smith New Horizons for Alexander Gerst When gold turns invisible Mitsubishi Electric Completes New Satellite Component Production Facility High pressure key to lighter, stronger metal alloys, Stanford scientists find Northrop Grumman receives AESA radar contract Giant Ringed Planet Likely Cause of Mysterious Eclipses New Collaboration with Jodrell Bank Observatory for SETI Viable Spores, DNA Fragments Discovery at ISS Justifies Biosphere's Expansion Russia thinks microorganisms may be living outside the space station A whole new Jupiter with first science results from Juno First results from Juno show cyclones and massive magnetism Jupiters complex transient auroras NASA's Juno probe forces 'rethink' on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Additive > The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing Jun 2, 2017 Matt LaWell | IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Proto Labs CEO Vicki Holt discusses the future of additive manufacturing and industry challenges. ... Augmented and virtual reality could grow tenfold in the next 10 years. ... Will Bill Gates get his robot labor tax? ... Check out this robot that stacks stones. Seriously. Proto Labs president and CEO Vicki Holt. Proto Labs Advertisement Additive manufacturing is, of course, one of the major areas that will usher the industry into its next chapter of production, efficiency and, yes, public perception. As the president and CEO of Proto Labs, a Minnesota-headquartered rapid manufacturing prototype  company, Vicki Holt is a major champion for the tech. We’ve written about Holt and Proto Labs a handful of times over the last couple years, and we check in with her again to discuss the state of additive manufacturing today, some of the challenges of the tech, and a survey the company recently commissioned that might give some hope for the next generation. IndustryWeek: Additive is increasingly important, of course, and there seem to be some key areas to focus on in 2017, including speed to market. Engineers and designers need to be able to move, they need to be able to order 3-D printing when its needed, mostly for prototype development. Where are we in that respect? Vicki Holt: Let’s step back for a minute. Speed to market is critically important and there are lots of ways that companies can accelerate innovation. 3-D printing has really become part of the development process for many engineers and a lot of them have tackled them by purchasing 3-D printers and putting them in their operations. They’ll make you a part from your CAD and you have something in your hand. That alone accelerates innovation. We continue to see our 3-D printing grow as well for prototypes, and we’re more in the industrial kinds of processes, and that gets a part in their hands that’s a little more functional, particularly if you’re looking at an SLS or a DMLS, where you can get a part made in more of an engineered resin — a nylon part in SLS, metal parts that are fairly dense in DMLS. IW: In terms of pace of innovation, Moore’s Law seems to be getting faster and faster. What’s new, where could we be going, and is the pace increasing at a faster rate than Moore’s Law’s recognized two years? VH: It has gotten faster. The pace, I think it’s accelerated just in the last three to five years, with the use of different technologies, digital models like ours, the use of simulation software — all of those things are accelerating innovation. You look at some of the markets where it’s happening most often, it tends to be those markets where the world’s in a race. Let’s take robotics, drones, the world’s in a race, and the time that new things have to come to market in those spaces are much shorter. You’re looking at six months, maybe 12 months. We’ve helped some customers get products to markets from six months from the time we saw designs. It’s definitely gotten faster. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning IW: What are you using to keep ahead in that race? What else is on the horizon? VH: Right now, we’ve launched an elastomeric material in 3-D printing using a poly jet technology. That allows us to print flexible materials for our customers — we currently injection-mold flexible materials with liquid silicon rubber and a number thermal plastic urethanes and elastomeric materials, and now we’ll be able to 3-D print those, as well. We’ve launched insert molding with our digital on-demand injection-molding technology now, which is a great add. IW: What are some of the hurdles you really want to get past? VH: The other one is really developing quality control approaches with 3-D printing, particularly as we get pulled into production parts. We were seeing that mostly in DMLS, but we do have some SLS production parts with customers as well, and working out all of the business processes to make sure we can do quality control. Another limitation — we talked about speed to market, pace of innovation and developing quality control — is just the cost. Material costs are pretty high, the equipment itself is high especially with depreciation, and the finishing costs are high with associated labor. Another obstacle is we need to continue to develop the skill sets of development engineers to design for 3-D printing. What that really requires is the engineer to step back and look at the final thing that they’re making and think about it from a systems point of view: If they had complete flexibility, how might they design how that would be manufactured, taking advantage of 3-D printing? That’s going to help the economics. We normally find that if a part can be made via machining or injection molding, it’s usually cheaper to do it that way than 3-D print it. However, if it’s something that literally could not be made any other way and it delivers so much value because of how it’s designed, then you can often make those economics work. IW: Do you see a convergence point, where the cost of 3-D printing catches up to machining or injection molding and it becomes more feasible to use 3-D printing on a smaller scale? VH: I think it may be a ways out. We have a digital model associated with injection molding and can make low-volume production with injection molding fairly cost-effective. Several companies have approached us to 3-D print tooling. We look at that, we’re open if there’s a more efficient way to do it, but we can actually take a CAD and custom-injection mold a tool cheaper than we could 3-D print it — and then you have a tool that isn’t going to wear down over time. … You probably have to look at it part by part. IW: Shifting gears, you recently published results of a study that said 47% of American Millennials think there will be enough qualified professionals to fill manufacturing job demands in the next decade, and that 37% of American Millennials see manufacturing as a high-tech career choice — a bigger chunk that Generation Xers (27%) and Baby Boomers (23%). (The margin of error for the survey is about 3%.) Popular Now How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Smart Factories Could Add $500 Billion to Global Economy in 5 Years The Internet of Things (IoT): Opportunities for Smarter Supply Chains VH: We’re very interested in changing the perception of manufacturing, because we believe we’re a leader in digital manufacturing and we want to expose manufacturers to it and because we’re a growing company and we need to attract talent. As we compete for that talent, we want to the world to understand manufacturing is a high-tech business that’s changing rapidly. We commissioned this survey to help understand what our baseline is and understand what people think about manufacturing. I was thrilled with this. The fact that 37% of Millennials think manufacturing is high tech is really refreshing. It means that younger people are being exposed to things like robotics, 3-D printing, use of digital models, big data, simulation software. The challenge is still the Baby Boomers, their parents — but they haven’t been exposed to it as much. IW: What needs to happen get those numbers higher — Millennials thinking there will be enough qualified people for the jobs up over, say, 50 or 55%, and maybe 45% seeing manufacturing as a high-tech career choice? VH: The innovative manufacturers — GE, Rockwell Automation, Boeing, Lockheed Martin — we all need to be out there talking about how manufacturing is changing and getting people exposure to what’s happening. We need to bring people and their parents into plants. We’re trying to change the view of manufacturing. I think Manufacturing 4.0 and digital manufacturing is the thing that’s going to create the next big productivity improvement. Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? / DAQRI AUGMENTED, VIRTUAL, MIXED …: No matter what term you want to use for the tech (or what you want to use the tech for), augmented reality (or virtual reality, or mixed reality) is poised to become big business within the next decade. According to a new report from IDTechEx Research, the headset market is approaching $3.5 billion and should increase tenfold from there by 2027. According to report authors Harry Zervos and James Hayward, “The sustained growth of the market will be propelled forward in the short term by the growth of PC VR, … and the high volume of mobile VR will not contribute significantly to total revenues due to the low unit value. From 2021 onwards, growth will be transferred to stand alone AR, propelled forward by the launch of high performing headsets and reduced power consumption that will lead to longer battery life and independence from the grid. “Standalone VR will also make its mark, although its exact value proposition is not fully clear or even distinctly separate from standalone AR; in standalone VR, the challenge of adequate energy storage that will allow longer times between charging is magnified due to the requirements for running a high end GPU computer along with a high resolution display. In fact, both energy storage and displays for AR and VR applications are both … critical these components are for future generations of headsets.” ROBOT OF THE WEEK: The ability to stack stones might not sound all that important. I mean, really, when would that ever be needed? But think about clearing rubble, especially after a disaster, or just the robotic ability to match shapes in an optimal order. Researchers at ETH Zurich introduced a robotic arm and camera system that can autonomously stack as many as six stones into a tower and the tech … surprisingly cool and applicable. Check out the video. ROCKWELL ON IIOT: Rockwell Automation president and CEO Blake Moret discussed the Industrial Internet of Things last week at Cisco’s annual IoT World Forum in London. Some excerpts from the leader of the industrial automation company: “Manufacturers and industrial operators are discovering practical ways to apply IoT across their operations, and they’re deriving measurable business value as a result. Combining IoT technology and expertise in specific industrial applications enables better collaboration, faster problem-solving and increased productivity.” CONSUMER CATCHING UP TO INDUSTRIAL: A new report from Parks Associates indicates that 45% of American broadband homes already use a voice-enabled personal assistant, and that more than 440 million connected consumer devices will be sold in the United States in 2020. (Why is so much predicted for 2020? Is it just the nice, round number? The double number? Should we just blame Roone Arledge?) This obviously includes a lot of personal assistants, like the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Those numbers obviously dwarf the industrial space, and it’s heartening to see IoT tech adopted more widely. How much better will it be — for consumer and industrial — three years from now? COMINGS AND GOINGS: AR enterprise software company Upskill, which was recently involved with the Industry Manufacturing & Technology Conference and Expo as a tech panelist, has a new COO. Jeremy Kirsch worked previously as EVP and GM for worldwide sales for Opower (which had been acquired by Oracle), where he grew revenue from $1 million to $150 million. The company also recently Pristine, a SaaS provider and AR collaboration and video streaming software. … ABB inaugurated its new Canadian headquarters in Montreal late last month, a physical embodiment of a $90 million commitment to the country and, in turn, to North America. ABB Canada president Nathalie Pilon said the move, “allows greater collaboration with our business partners and with the academic and research sectors.” Ah’ll be bahck. / The Rock and Roll Times QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “No way. No way.” — Andrus Ansip, former Estonian prime minister and current European Commissioner for Digital Single Market, when asked if he supported Bill Gates’ suggested tax on robots who fill positions previously held by humans. Gates first mentioned his robot tax during a February interview with Quartz, saying, “If a human worker does $50,000 of work in a factory, that income is taxed. If a robot comes in to do the same thing, you'd think we'd tax the robot at a similar level.” Ansip responded Thursday at a tech conference in Vienna: “I fully agree that we have to tax bad habits, for example pollution, or smoking, or drinking alcoholic drinks, this I can understand.” Taxing robot production, though, Ansip said, seemed like “taxing progress.” Instead, Ansip is a proponent of providing skills for displaced workers. “People have a right to be afraid. I believe in progress — progress always created more jobs than progress used to destroy. We cannot stop progress. The train is moving, speed is growing and now it's up to us to be on that train or just wave to the leaving train. I think that last one is not an option for us. A lot of people will lose their jobs but our municipalities, national parliaments, the European Union and also entrepreneurs, business people need to provide skills to those people who will lose their jobs.” This is not the last we have heard about this. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The Tech Column: SAP Eyes a Future Filled with Machine Learning The Tech Column: A Shocking New Way to Teach Skills The Tech Column: A Cleveland Postcard from the #mfgTechShow 1 Hedge-Fund Billionaire Muscles in on GE Bid for 3-D Printing Company 3-D Printing a Major Theme of SXSW Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Toyota Sells Stake in Tesla Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Germany Finds Emission-cheating Gear on 24,000 Audis in Europe Slower Hiring, Unemployment Drop Give Mixed U.S. Labor Signs Honeywell Faces EU Antitrust Complaint for Car Coolant The Harry Potter Problem: Define the Why to Succeed With Your Machine Learning Project More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 6 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 05 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology WWDC 2017: Apple set to launch software for next iPhone today Under construction: More than 26,000 buildings coming up in Dubai A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer UAE's wasl launches Warsan project in preparation for Expo 2020 MENA hospitality industry shows mixed results as average room rates drop A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer UAE's wasl launches Warsan project in preparation for Expo 2020 Jordan's new Aqaba terminal 80% completed Oil prices expected to stay low for long Saudi Aramco raises July Arab Light OSP to Asia Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Cigna establishes MENA management office at DIFC Gulf Financial Group pulls back from talks to buy Shuaa Capital Insurance firms' premiums rise 3% to $350mln in Q1 Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Dubai's Meraas Holding has issued $400mln sukuk Emirates NBD Capital sets sights on sukuk ETF WWDC 2017: Apple set to launch software for next iPhone today Password, username reuse major threat to enterprise security Robocop joins Dubai police force Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Trump criticises London Mayor Sadiq Khan Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Syrian army advances against Islamic State in Aleppo province U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize dam west of Raqqa Mideast carriers post 10.8% traffic rise in April Egypt's foreign reserves rise to $31.126bln at end-May Moroccan police stifle women's protest in northern city Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Japan takes interest in investment in Tunisian olive oil "Oi, cowards!": Londoners fought back as killers rampaged Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Trump criticises London Mayor Sadiq Khan More than a thousand Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Swing traders re-enter Dubai stocks Oil prices expected to stay low for long Saudi rises ahead of MSCI decision, Ezdan leaps in Qatar Abu Dhabi trade in pearl, gemstones, metals $1.28bln in Q1 Swing traders re-enter Dubai stocks Saudi rises ahead of MSCI decision, Ezdan leaps in Qatar Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Gulf Financial Group pulls back from talks to buy Shuaa Capital Egypt's foreign reserves rise to $31.126bln at end-May Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring U.S. dollar trading near seven-month lows Yuan, rupee seen weakening over coming year: Reuters poll Oil prices expected to stay low for long Abu Dhabi trade in pearl, gemstones, metals $1.28bln in Q1 Saudi Aramco raises July Arab Light OSP to Asia Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC Kuwait limits family visa to immediate family 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC ICC Champions Trophy: Team hotels in lockdown after terror attack "Oi, cowards!": Londoners fought back as killers rampaged Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition UK election to go ahead on June 8 despite London attack, says PM Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC Over 141,000 fines recorded against 52,765 companies in the UAE Ministry warns Qatari retailers of fake promotions Crackdown: More than 50,000 private sector firms fined in UAE Kuwait limits family visa to immediate family Beach dispute on Palm Jumeirah: Nakheel denies Dubai tenants access to facilities Dos and don’ts for taking pictures on airplanes Saudi actor wins court case against apostasy accuser Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after Ramadan prank ICC Champions Trophy: Team hotels in lockdown after terror attack Billionaire B. R. Shetty aims for $1bln in revenue from Indian film epic Two-goal Ronaldo gives Real 12th European title UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Cigna establishes MENA management office at DIFC Fast-food chains starved for customers during Ramadan Rotating wooden drum aims to help child development When you love your friends but hate who they are on social media Riyadh governor inaugurates Al-Faisal Museum for Arab-Islamic Art Online apps to report Sharjah violations First ladies-only Ramadan tent opens in Dubai Brand Dubai: ‘Forests’ under bridges to beautify emirate New access to Dubai Mall by the end of this year Saudi King Abdulaziz Airport serves 7.3mln Umrah pilgrims so far Innovative airport sleep lounge ‘sleep ‘n fly’ opens at Dubai DXB Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after Ramadan prank Billionaire B. R. Shetty aims for $1bln in revenue from Indian film epic Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition Griffin says Trumps trying to ruin her More than a thousand Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin Two-goal Ronaldo gives Real 12th European title Australian McDermott applies for India coach job Why India-Pakistan matches are simply unforgettable Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Technology Article technology Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service 02 June, 2017 A sign for Qatar airlines hangs at JFK International Airport in New York, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson REUTERS/Lucas Jackson LONDON, June 2 (Reuters) - Britain's Inmarsat said on Friday it had ordered a satellite from Thales Alenia Space to increase capacity on its broadband network as Qatar Airways signed up to use the service to provide in-flight connectivity. Inmarsat said the new satellite, which would cost about $130 million over three years from 2017 to its launch in 2019, would serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. The company said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passenger on board more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its Global Xpress service to more than 1,000. As well as the Middle Eastern carrier, Inmarsat has mandates from Deutsche Lufthansa Group, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle for the high-speed global network. Advertisement (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton) ((paul.sandle@thomsonreuters.com; +44 20 7542 6843; Reuters Messaging: paul.sandle.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: qatar Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Ziad El Chaar Appointed as CEO of Dar Al-Arkan 18 hours ago Jean-Claude Nasr to spearhead German Siemens Power Generation in Middle East 20 hours ago Swedish Ericsson appoints Wojciech Bajda to head GCC and global customer unit Zain 20 hours ago Declan Hurley appointed as Rotana Hotels' new Corporate Vice President of sales 20 hours ago  from TRACCS The World Peace Committee appoints UAE's Dr.Abdulrahman Al Ansari as Ambassador-at-Large for Peace 20 hours ago Lebanese Credit Insurer appoints Dominique Charpentier as its new Chairman 31 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
WWWEB FINANCIAL GROUP DigitalLook Bolsamanía BOLSAMANÍA LATAM   MEXICO - ARGENTINA - PERÚ - COLOMBIA - CHILE FINANCIALRED 04.06.2017 | Updated at 21:50 LOGIN LATEST NEWS MARKET PULSE COMP. NEWS INTERN. NEWS markets close in:   London Closed   -   New york Closed   -   Tokyo  01:25:33 04 Jun Bonds: Gilts find bid but US jobs weakness may be overstated 04 Jun Week ahead: Traders brace for election results 04 Jun US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs 04 Jun US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs 04 Jun Sunday newspaper round-up: Tesco, RBS, Ocado, Aramco, Wood Group 04 Jun Sunday share tips: Auto Trader Group, Lloyds Banking Group, Aviva 02 Jun Live | UK General Election: Ipsos Mori poll shows Tory lead shrinking to five points 11 Nov Live | US Presidential Election 2016 - Trump claims shock victory to become president-elect 03 Oct Live | Ryder Cup: Europe and USA go to battle at Hazeltine 04 Jun Confiture tomorrow: Ocado signs long-awaited first overseas deal 02 Jun BA data firm denies human error caused delay chaos 02 Jun Acacia Mining hopeful of Tanzania resolution soon 04 Jun US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower Menú UK Shares Market Data Funds ETFs News Spread Bet Brokers Co. Diary My Account Research + Home UK Shares Home Social Trading Sectors & Indices Results Broker Views Director Dealings IPO Centre AIM / Small Caps Centre Company A-Z Market Data International Shares Social Trading Gilts Currencies Commodities UK Companieshouse Funds Funds Centre Social Trading Managers News ETFs Overview Social Trading Education Screener Performance Tables News Search News Company News Brexit News Economic News Market Reports Market Reports UK Small Caps News New Issues Political News International Companies Broker News Commodities News Week Ahead News Maps / Most Popular Newspaper Reports Bonds News Currencies News Editor's Pick Expert Views Investment Companies News Personal Finance News News Pulse Regulatory News Last News News Archive Research FX Centre Portfolio Research + Home Research HOME RESEARCH + Portfolios & Watchlists Terminal Charting Charting Screening Tools Heatmaps Visual Tools Level 2 Education Guides New Terminal Social Trading My Account Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events I-Look Social Trading Co. Diary Home Social Trading Sectors & Indices Results Broker Views Director Dealings IPO Centre AIM / Small Caps Centre Company A-Z FTSE 100 View all indices 7,547.63 Var.% 0.05% Var. 3.86 02 Jun International Shares Social Trading Gilts Currencies Commodities UK Companieshouse FTSE 100 View all indices 7,547.63 Var.% 0.05% Var. 3.86 02 Jun Funds Centre Social Trading Managers News Overview Social Trading Education Screener Performance Tables News Search Company News Economic News Market Reports UK New Issues International Companies Commodities News News Maps / Most Popular Bonds News Editor's Pick Investment Companies News News Pulse Last News Brexit News Market Reports Small Caps News Political News Broker News Week Ahead Newspaper Reports Currencies News Expert Views Personal Finance News Regulatory News News Archive 04 Jun Bonds: Gilts find bid but US jobs weakness may be overstated 04 Jun Week ahead: Traders brace for election results 04 Jun US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs Learn Strategies Social Trading Home Social Trading Forex Shares Binary Options CFDs Futures Options Spread Betting Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events I-Look Social Trading Home Research Portfolios & Watchlists Charting Screening Tools Visual Tools Education Guides Social Trading HOME RESEARCH + Terminal Charting Heatmaps Level 2 New Terminal Ftse 1007,547.630.05% Dow Jones21,206.290.29% CAC405,343.410.47% Nikkei20,169.80-0.04% DAX3012,822.941.25% Advertising Inmarsat dashes takeover rumours with contract announcements Oliver Haill Sharecast | 02 Jun, 2017 08:36 - Updated: 11:22 | | | Inmarsat 843.00 -0.18%-1.50 Max: 865.00 Min: 833.50 Volume: 2,360,174 MM 200 : n/a 17:17 02/06/17 FTSE 250 20,002.75 -0.04%-7.87 Max: 20,081.74 Min: 19,974.45 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 FTSE 350 4,186.81 0.04%1.49 Max: 4,212.91 Min: 4,182.39 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 FTSE All-Share 4,129.13 0.04%1.45 Max: 4,154.11 Min: 4,124.92 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:30 02/06/17 Mobile Telecommunications 5,192.66 0.22%11.16 Max: 5,230.67 Min: 5,163.79 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 Dashing hopes of takeover talks that had emerged earlier in the week, Inmarsat published two announcements on Friday, but these were to reveal two new satellite contracts. The FTSE 250 mobile satellite communications provider has issued a contract to build another of its Global Xpress broadband satellites, which followed a "material commitment" from Qatar Airways as it signed up for Inmarsat's advanced new in-flight broadband service. Construction of the very high throughput satellite (V-HTS) will cost Inmarsat $130m over the three years 2017 to 2019 and is within the company's existing capital expenditure guidance. The satellite, which is targeted for launch in 2019 but the launch provider has not been agreed yet, will add to Inmarsat's existing GX high-speed global broadband network and provide internet capacity across the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. Inmarsat said the satellite will be able to deliver very low cost per bit thanks to the combination of the latest satellite technology and a focus on areas of high demand to drive high capacity utilisation. The construction contract award has been made following the commitment by Qatar Airways announced on Friday to adopt GX Aviation for its in-flight connectivity, which will allow passengers to browse the internet, stream videos, check social media and more during flights, "with an on board connectivity experience on par with broadband services available on the ground". GX Aviation technology has already been equipped on Qatar Airways' latest Airbus A350s and retrofit installation on the airline's remaining Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s will begin this summer. The new satellite will also support the rapid adoption by other airlines of GX Aviation both in Europe and through the major Europe/Asia aviation traffic corridor and will enhance the delivery of GX services to other market segments in the region. Inmarsat is due to carry out more than 1,000 aircraft installations under mandates won from airlines including Lufthansa, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air. Softbank rumours On Thursday, the satellite services group's shares had rocketed higher after reports emerged of it was in talks with SoftBank Group about a possible tie-up with the Japanese conglomerate's satellite startup OneWeb. Following widespread reports that rival satellite firm Intelsat's bondholders have rejected a proposal to combine with OneWeb, news wires reported that the Japanese tech conglomerate has started talks with alternative satellite partners, including Inmarsat. Analysts at RBC Capital Markets reckoned Inmarsat would be open to an approach, with its £3.8bn market cap affordable to SoftBank and providing significant ground assets to help OneWeb to hurdle barriers to entry in its plans to spread affordable internet connectivity around the globe. "If Inmarsat has received an approach, or is in talks with SoftBank, it will be required under the UK listing rules to make a RNS disclosure," RBC said. "In our view, since there has been a high degree of specificity in the press reporting and a material share price move, if Inmarsat makes no RNS announcement we should assume, by deduction, that there has not been any approach." Advertising More news 04 Jun US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs US stocks advanced for a second consecutive week, notching up fresh record highs in the process, with technology issues again spearheading the charge, despite the release of a weaker than expected jobs report for the month of May. 04 Jun Sunday share tips: Auto Trader Group, Lloyds Banking Group, Aviva Auto Trader Group shares were a 'buy' for the Sunday Times' Inside the City column. Although to purchase the stock investors need to pay 30 times forecast earnings for the year to 31 March, the company dominates the market for used car sales, enabling it to make profit margins north of 60%. The new car market seems to have hit a major roadblock after years of cheap finance-fueled growth, with a decline in new sales predicted for 2017, which has put a dent in Auto Trader's valuation. 04 Jun Sunday newspaper round-up: Tesco, RBS, Ocado, Aramco, Wood Group After a terrorist attack on London Bridge where seven people were killed, over 40 injured and three attackers shot deal, campaigning in the general election was halted for the second time since the vote was called in April, adding further uncertainty to a race that already had become increasingly hard to call. While local work such as leafleting would continue, the Conservatives said they have decided not to campaign nationally on Sunday, while Labour said the party would resume campaigning on Sunday evening as delay any longer would disrupt the democratic process. 04 Jun Confiture tomorrow: Ocado signs long-awaited first overseas deal Long derided for its 'jam tomorrow' optimism of signing a major deal overseas, online grocery specialist Ocado on Sunday revealed it had won a contract with a "regional European retailer". 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals European stocks barreled higher as investors continued to search for yield against a backdrop of improving macro data, according to strategists, with cyclical issues like auto and parts manufacturers and chemicals pacing gains. 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower Sterling gained a ace on an out-of-form greenback but otherwise was listing lower on political jitters surrounding the upcoming UK general election. 02 Jun London close: Commodity losses, weak US May jobs report cap gains After beginning on a chipper note, the FTSE 100 gradually lost its shine and slipped back towards its starting levels over the course of Friday trading, undermined by weak commodity prices and disappointing jobs data in the States, in that order. 02 Jun Director dealings: Selling Simons at B&M and Draper Esprit Simon Arora at B&M European Value and Simon Cook of Draper Esprit both sold a chunk of shares in their respective companies. 02 Jun Acacia Mining hopeful of Tanzania resolution soon Acacia Mining hopes to speak to the Tanzanian government in the coming "one to two weeks" to resolve a dispute in which the gold miner was accused of under-reporting the amount of gold it was exporting. 02 Jun Apple, Facebook, Goldman condemn Trump's Paris withdrawal A raft of major US tech companies have condemned Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement, including Facebook and Google. The most read News Technology Small Caps Week ahead: Traders brace for election results Sunday share tips: Auto Trader Group, Lloyds Banking Group, Aviva Bonds: Gilts find bid but US jobs weakness may be overstated Sunday newspaper round-up: Tesco, RBS, Ocado, Aramco, Wood Group Confiture tomorrow: Ocado signs long-awaited first overseas deal US close: Wall Street notches up fresh highs • See the full list • BA data firm denies human error caused delay chaos Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race Apple, Facebook, Goldman condemn Trump's Paris withdrawal Vipera signs multi-country payments deal with Bankart Cohort subsidiary awarded another two MoD contracts Google plans to build new 'landscraper' London HQ • See the full list • Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race Ormonde announces progress on Barruecopardo Project AFH Financial acquires Suffolk-based Euinsure Atalaya to study possible expansion at Proyecto Riotinto Altitude Group completes £0.8m acquisition of AdProducts.com Vipera signs multi-country payments deal with Bankart TomCo Energy reveals details of five-way partnership Cohort subsidiary awarded another two MoD contracts WYG awarded three contracts in UK, Africa Draper Esprit raises another £100m • See the full list • TOP MOVERS FTSE 100 FTSE 100 FTSE 250 FTSE 250 Company Value Chg Time Randgold Resources Ltd. 7.655,00p n/a 4,01% 17:03 Fresnillo 1.651,00p n/a 3,77% 17:03 Convatec Group 342,60p n/a 3,57% 17:08 Old Mutual 197,00p n/a 3,30% 17:11 Mediclinic International 797,50p n/a 2,11% 17:11 Company Value Chg Time Taylor Wimpey 184,80p n/a -2,74% 17:02 Marks & Spencer Group 367,70p n/a -2,03% 17:12 United Utilities Group 1.002,00p n/a -1,96% 17:03 Intu Properties 271,90p n/a -1,91% 17:08 Whitbread 4.214,00p n/a -1,70% 17:12 Company Value Chg Time Greggs 1.123,00p n/a 3,12% 17:02 Dechra Pharmaceuticals 1.954,00p n/a 2,79% 16:50 Greencore Group 248,40p n/a 2,77% 17:02 Daejan Holdings 6.735,00p n/a 2,59% 16:52 Redefine International 38,96p n/a 2,28% 17:00 Company Value Chg Time Tullow Oil 176,00p n/a -5,38% 17:06 Cairn Energy 196,30p n/a -3,21% 17:14 McCarthy & Stone 179,50p n/a -2,66% 17:03 B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) 361,30p n/a -2,46% 17:09 Computacenter 837,00p n/a -2,39% 17:02 FEATURED Live | UK General Election: Ipsos Mori poll shows Tory lead shrinking to five points All the latest news as the UK counts down to a general election on 8 June. Advertising Market buzz View all 04 Jun Sunday newspaper round-up: Tesco, RBS, Ocado, Aramco, Wood Group 02 Jun Friday newspaper round-up: Tax evasion, M&S, BoE 01 Jun Thursday newspaper round-up: BA, Deliveroo, UK growth, AkzoNobel Small caps View all 02 Jun Ormonde announces progress on Barruecopardo Project 02 Jun Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race 02 Jun TomCo Energy reveals details of five-way partnership Expert views View all 24 May Comment: Fed minutes could set the market straight 16 May Comment: Which sectors are driving the S&P 500 higher? 10 May Comment: Cable testing 1.30 ahead of key BoE inflation report Advertising Information About Web Financial Group Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Brands Bolsamania Fxmania Warrantmania Digital Look Sharecast Aboutstocks Contact Contact us Help Help FAQ's Tool Guides Glossary Share Prices UK Shares Funds International Shares Gilts Currencies Commodities News Home Market Reports Company News Small Caps News Economic News Political News Broker News New Issues Week Ahead International Companies Newspaper Reports Commodities News Currencies News News Maps / Most Popular Expert Views Bonds News Personal Finance News Editor's Picks Regulatory News Investment Companies News Latest Premium News News Archive News Pulse Research Home Research Plus Portfolios & Watchlists Charting Screening Tools Visual Tools Education Guides Research + Home Real Time Real Time Terminal Quotes and Trades Charting Portfolio Heat Maps Level 2 My Account Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events ETFs Fx Centre Portfolio i-Look Company Diary Advertising Corporate Solutions Sitemap 2017 © digitallook.com • A Web Financial Group Company
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Satellite Propulsion System market is Projected to grow at 4.09% CAGR during the period 2017-2021. Network Consulting Industry research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. About Satellite Propulsion System market Satellite Propulsion System may be defined as all forms of illumination that are used to see an object, person, or the surrounding. In general Satellite Propulsion System, we see the world around us. In automotive Satellite Propulsion System, we see the roads and paths when driving, and in backSatellite Propulsion System, we see the illumination from behind used in display technology and devices. Research analysts forecast the global Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at a CAGR of 4.09% during the period 2017-2021. This premium research report is now available with a USD 1000 discount on listed prices for a limited time – request your discount at @  https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/60485 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Satellite Propulsion System market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue from the sale of new products units only. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA Research report, Global Satellite Propulsion System Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request a sample copy of Satellite Propulsion System market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/60485/?utm_source=SPR-NL Key vendors – Aerojet Rocketdyne, Airbus, Bellatrix Aerospace, Boeing, OHB, Safran Other prominent vendors – BALL CORPORATION, Mitsubishi Electric, Orbital ATK, Thales Market driver Low-cost propulsion systems for micro and nano satellites For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Cost-intensive satellite launch programs For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Propulsion by inert gases For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Find out more @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-satellite-propulsion-system-market Related Reports: – 2017-2022 Satellite Electric Propulsion System Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications This report studies the Satellite Electric Propulsion System market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Satellite Electric Propulsion System market by product type and applications/end industries. https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-2022-satellite-electric-propulsion-system-report-on-global-and-united-states-market About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsSatellite Propulsion System, Satellite Propulsion System Market, Satellite Propulsion System market forecast, Satellite Propulsion System market Industry, Satellite Propulsion System market Industry Size, Satellite Propulsion System Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ultra-high Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE) Market Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis and Development Trends 2017-2022 Next PostNext Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Tata Elxsi’s ‘AUTONOMAI’ Driverless Car Platform Selected by Leading OEM Pharmacy Automation Systems Market is expected to reach a CAGR of 6.7% during 2016 – 2026 PM O’Neill welcomes New World Bank Country Manager for PNG Paediatric Vaccine Market will increase at 14.4% CAGR during 2016-2026 Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Poised to Rake US$ 750 Bn by the End of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Science News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 3:16am EDT Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service LONDON Britain's Inmarsat said on Friday it had ordered a satellite from Thales Alenia Space to increase capacity on its broadband network as Qatar Airways signed up to use the service to provide in-flight connectivity. Inmarsat said the new satellite, which would cost about $130 million over three years from 2017 to its launch in 2019, would serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. The company said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passenger on board more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its Global Xpress service to more than 1,000. As well as the Middle Eastern carrier, Inmarsat has mandates from Deutsche Lufthansa Group, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle for the high-speed global network. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Science News Scientists detect Einstein gravitational waves for a third time Scientists have for a third time detected ripples in space from black holes that crashed together billions of light years from Earth, a discovery that confirms a new technique for observing cataclysmic events in the universe, research published on Thursday shows. U.S. probe to make unprecedented plunge into sun's atmosphere (The June 1 story corrects distance in 3rd paragraph to 140 million from 1.4 billion) UK space firms may need EU units after Brexit: space chief in FT FRANKFURT British companies may need to set up subsidiaries in continental Europe to take part in multibillion-euro space programs funded by the European Union after Britain leaves the EU, the head of Europe's space agency told the Financial Times. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 05/06/2017 10:03:55 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   government Last update 12:05 | 02/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump.  Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership.  During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further.  Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other.  They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security.  Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes.  They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea.  Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting.  Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations.  While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership.  During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton.  While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD.  Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”.  VNA PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit, Government news, Vietnam breaking news, politic news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on National Assembly discusses $16 billion Long Thanh airport project President welcomes US Senator John McCain Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak NA leader calls for US Congress support for increased trade Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement State asked to apologise to wrongfully convicted Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, US President Donald Trump hold talks PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc greets US Secretary of Commerce     Top Stories Tam Thanh - the fishing village of murals $4.4 billion enough to build hi-tech agriculture in Vietnam? Made-in-Vietnam radioactive drugs cannot meet demand Parents worry about children's safety at school Ly Son – the pearl in blue sea Must-see old assembly halls in Hoi An The nouveau riche in the real estate market Digital device distributors march toward rural areas Two dollar billionaires: does Vietnam need more? Mid-end smartphone segment cramped with many players Latest News Vietnam proposes ASEAN, China operate hotline solving problem at sea HCM City launches digital traffic app No Vietnamese victims in London Bridge attack: embassy UK, Australia, Italy to compete at Da Nang firework festival’s final night One more patient dies in medical incident in Hoa Binh Vietnamese Prime Minister begins official visit to Japan New apps keep farmers updated about prices, cultivation techniques Legal loopholes weaken management of air pollution VN parents, students kick off race for admission to prestigious schools Kon Tum wooden church - A hundred years of salvation     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Discovery Vietnamplus Search × Categories Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Media Center Photo Video Infographics Timeline Monday, June 05, 2017 - 11:36:04 Thang Long - Hanoi Fatherland Sea & Islands Tiếng Việt  |  English  |  Français  |  Español  |  中文 Politics PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit VNA Friday, June 02, 2017 - 11:18:00 Print Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump (Source: VNA) Hanoi (VNA) – Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump. It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership. During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further. Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other. They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security. Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes. They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea. Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting. Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations. While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership. During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton. While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD. Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”. -VNA Related News Politics Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Politics Prime Minister highlights stronger Vietnam-US parliamentary ties Business Vietjet signs multi-billion USD deals during PM’s official trip to US Politics Prime Minister meets US scholars Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc entourage talks President Donald Trump comprehensive partnership United Nations Charter international law APEC Vietnam Vietnam news VietnamPlus Vietnam News Agency United States Vietnam Your comments about this article ... Submit Cancel Most Popular 01/06/2017 Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership 01/06/2017 Politics PM Phuc, President Trump talk ways to advance Vietnam-US ties 01/06/2017 Politics President welcomes US Senator John McCain 30/05/2017 Politics Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc begins official visit to US 30/05/2017 Politics Vietnam steps up Lao National Assembly building project 31/05/2017 Politics PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc holds talks with UN Secretary General Others 01/06/2017 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak 01/06/2017 Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement 01/06/2017 HCM City leader hosts Slovak Deputy Prime Minister 01/06/2017 President welcomes US Senator John McCain 01/06/2017 Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 01/06/2017 Sympathy to Sri Lanka over calamity losses 01/06/2017 Czech President to pay State visit to Vietnam 01/06/2017 Congratulations to new Prime Minister of RoK Intellectual Property Terms Of Use RSS Support Languages VNA News Service Advertisement Contact © Copyright, VietnamPlus, Vietnam News Agency (VNA). Editor-in-chief, Mr. Le Quoc Minh. Licence No. 1374/GP-BTTTT dated September 11, 2008 by the Ministry of Information and Communications. Tel: (+84 4) 3941.1349 - Fax: (+84 4) 3941.1348 - Email: vietnamplus@vnanet.vn POWERED BY
ChinaUS EUROPEASIA 中文双语Français HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Business\Companies DJI takes to skies again, with launch of new Spark drone By DONG LESHUO in Washington | China Daily | Updated: 2017-05-26 07:09 Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships of DJI, demonstrates the palm-sized drone Spark during an event in New York. PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY Shenzhen-based group SZ DJI Technology Co, the world's biggest consumer drone maker, launched its new product, Spark, in New York on Wednesday, with key innovations it hopes will see the device take off in the burgeoning market. DJI said Spark is an easy-to-use camera drone that can lift off from the palm of a hand. It is also the first drone that users can control with hand gestures alone, removing the barriers between the user and the camera in the sky. Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships at DJI, introduced Spark to around 200 people at a launch event at Grand Central Station. "Controlling a camera drone with hand movements alone is a major step toward making aerial technology an intuitive part of everyone's daily life, from work and adventure to moments with friends and family," said Paul Pan, senior product manager at DJI. "Spark's revolutionary new interface lets you effortlessly extend your point of view to the air, making it easier than ever to capture and share the world from new perspectives," Pan added. Aside from being user-friendly, DJI's drones are also known for being small and lightweight. Wired magazine wrote on Wednesday: "Isn't DJI's new drone just the cutest little thing? A one-pound drone just seven or eight inches across is something you can toss into your backpack without a second thought." "By far the coolest Spark feature is its gesture-controlled flight mode, allowing you to send the drone overhead to take an aerial photo of you and your buds with just simple hand movements." DJI claims to account for 70 percent of the global consumer drone market. According to The Economist, the company is at the forefront of the civilian-drone industry. "A Chinese firm has taken the lead in a promising market," it wrote in 2015, comparing DJI to what Boeing Co did with commercial airliners in the 1930s. "DJI is today leading the charge in transforming civilian-drone manufacturing from something for hobbyists into a proper business," the magazine wrote. The founder of DJI, Wang Tao created the world's leading drone company from his hobby, launching DJI from his dorm at Hong Kong University of Science & Technology in 2006 when he was 26. Aside from its success in the global consumer drone market, DJI is also devoting attention to industry-level drones, according to an earlier report in China Daily. In November 2016, DJI launched an upgraded agricultural drone, the MG-1S, which is equipped with an advanced flight control system, radar and sensors. Last month, DJI and Qianxun Spatial Intelligence Inc, a company that uses China's homegrown Beidou navigation satellite system for location and data analysis, announced a strategic partnership to promote the application of the navigation system in the drone industry. Related Stories DJI, Qianxun partnership to promote the BeiDou system Chinese drone-maker DJI looks to expand in LatAm DJI unveils new series of Matrice drones DJI sees jump in revenue DJI launches upgraded agricultural drone Photo Wuzhen gets smart with World Internet Conference Photos reveal how Japan celebrated Nanjing invasion How firemen put out oil tanker blaze within two hours World's 4th largest lake Aral Sea shrinking Nobel Prize 'to spur TCM development' Internet makes life in Wuzhen more convenient Top Views Most Popular EU ready to move forward with China after French election Fees charged drivers must be legal and reasonable Living in China cheaper as Asian cities get pricier Tokyo Bay area a lesson in development Aviation industry to fly on wings of C919 Strictly regulate glass-based bridges Columnists Abe aims to unchain Japan from the postwar regime Discovering China in Washington's used bookstores China-Africa ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey BACK TO THE TOP HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site. License for publishing multimedia online 0108263 Registration Number: 130349 About China Daily Advertise on Site Contact Us Job Offer Expat Employment FOLLOW US
주메뉴 바로가기 콘텐츠 바로가기 1 / 3 2 / 3 3 / 3 2017.06.05  Mon Select Language Select Language عربي 中国语 English Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 Русский Español Tiếng Việt News News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Program Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report How To Listen Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 브라우저가 인라인 프레임을 지원하지 않거나 현재 인라인 프레임을 표시하지 않도록 설정되어 있습니다. Politics Home > News > News > Politics [Exclusive] FX Fighter Jets Procurement Project Under State Inspection Write : 2017-06-02 09:52:04 Update : 2017-06-02 10:14:36 In an exclusive report by KBS, the Board of Audit and Inspection(BAI) is confirmed to be scrutinizing the KF-X project, the largest military procurement project carried out under the former Park Geun-hye administration.   An official of the BAI told KBS that the watchdog agency sent inspectors to the Defense Acquisition Program Administration(DAPA) in April to launch an audit into the project to acquire next-generation fighter jets for the country.   The DAPA signed a seven-point-three trillion won, or six-point-five billion dollar, deal with Lockheed Martin in 2014 to buy 40 F-35A fighter jets.  Under the deal, the state arms procurer said the U.S. company would transfer 25 technologies necessary for the development of South Korea’s indigenous fighter jet, the KF-X.   However, Lockheed Martin refused to transfer four core technologies related to the fighter jet, including active electronically scanned array(AESA) radars, forcing the South Korean military to develop the AESA radar system on its own.   The BAI suspects that the expensive project had been carried out improperly, wasting taxpayers’ money and impeding the South Korean Air Force’s augmentation program.   The BAI official noted the audit was launched before the inauguration of the Moon Jae-in administration and has nothing to do with the new government.   However, the military leadership and those involved in the procurement project were known to be on the watch for the inspection given the Moon administration’s pledge to end corruption regarding military procurement.    The audit into the fighter jet procurement project is also being carried out as the government is probing military officials after they failed to report to President Moon about the delivery of four additional THAAD launchers.   In September of 2013, the DAPA voted against Boeing’s F-15 Silent Eagle, which was a sole candidate for the KF-X program, during the final bidding procedure and named Lockheed Martin’s F-35 A as the successful bidder the following year.   The decision to choose Lockheed Martin over Boeing as the sole supplier for the KF-X project was made under then Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin, who until recently served as national security adviser for the Park administration.  News List Ruling, Minor Opposition Parties Seek Inter-Korean Family Reunion 2017-06-05 Government to Establish SME Ministry, Trade Bureau 2017-06-05 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Terror Attack 2017-06-05 S. Korea Denounces Deadly Terrorist Act in London 2017-06-05 Moon Reaffirms Commitment to Creating Jobs 2017-06-04 Prime Minister Calls for Proactive Response to Major Issues 2017-06-04 US Defense Secretary Expresses Understanding on S. Korea's Move on THAAD 2017-06-04 No S. Korean Casualties Reported in London Van Attack 2017-06-04 Moon's Top Security Adviser Returns from US Trip 2017-06-04 China Wants Restart of Six-Party Talks 2017-06-03    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Internet Radio On-Air Window to KBS WORLD Radio Window to KOREA Win.k 24 Win.k 11 Win.k MUSIC Win.k KPOP PLUS Win.k KPOP E Major News Cabinet Approves 11.2 Trln Won Extra Budget Plan Focused on Job Creation Government to Establish SME Ministry, Trade Bureau S. Korea Denounces Deadly Terrorist Act in London SNS Facebook News Features Youtube More Service KBS World Radio Mobile The new app consolidates KBS World Radio’s news and feature contents with services previously provided through separate apps... < 1 / 4 > KBS World Radio On-Air On-Air app is specifically designed for quick and easy access to audio services for KBS World Radio programs in 11 languages. < 2 / 4 > RSS Service You can subscribe to KBS World Radio’s news and other Web contents through RSS < 3 / 4 > Podcasts You can download KBS World Radio News in eleven languages through Podcast KBS Radio Tune < 4 / 4 > Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 관련 사이트 관련 사이트 바로가기 KBS Family Sites KBS Website KBS Website(in English) KBS America KBS Japan KBS World TV Copyright © 2013 KBS World Radio All Rights Reserved. This website is sponsored by the Korea Communications Commission.
SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship 2017-06-04T16:53:40Z2017-06-04T16:53:40Z By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. After a two-day delay caused by thunderstorms, the unmanned Falcon rocket blasted off carrying a Dragon capsule that made a station delivery nearly three years ago. When this refurbished Dragon reaches the orbiting lab on Monday, it will be the first returning craft since NASA's now-retired shuttles. The first-stage booster flown Saturday afternoon was brand new, and as is now the custom, returned to Cape Canaveral following liftoff for a successful vertical touchdown. "The Falcon has landed," SpaceX Mission Control declared from company headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and a cheer went up. The plan is to launch the booster again, instead of junking it in the ocean as so many other rocket makers do. Just two months ago, SpaceX launched its first recycled booster on a satellite mission. Another flight featuring a reused booster is coming up later this month. This Dragon capsule, meanwhile, came back for take two following a few modifications and much testing. Shortly before liftoff, a SpaceX vice president, Hans Koenigsmann, called the Dragon reflight "a pretty big deal." It's all part of the company's quest, he said, to lower the cost of access to space through reusability. "Overall a great day," Koenigsmann later told reporters. "Another wonderful launch," added NASA's Ven Feng, a station manager. SpaceX chief Elon Musk tweeted early Sunday morning: "It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars & airplanes and how it should be for rockets." The Dragon soaring Saturday has the same hull and most of the same parts from its 2014 flight. SpaceX installed a new heat shield and parachutes, among a few other things, for the trip back to Earth at flight's end. The Dragon is the only supply ship capable of surviving re-entry; all the others burn up in the atmosphere. NASA's other supplier, Orbital ATK, will see its cargo carrier depart the 250-mile-high complex on Sunday, six weeks after arriving. Besides the usual supplies, SpaceX's latest 6,000-pound shipment includes mice and flies for research, a new kind of roll-up solar panel and a neutron star detector. For now, SpaceX said savings are minimal because of all the inspections and tests performed on the already flown parts. NASA's space station program manager, Kirk Shireman, told reporters earlier in the week that SpaceX did a thorough job recertifying the Dragon and that the risk is not substantially more than if this were a capsule straight off the factory floor. He said the entire industry is interested in "this whole notion of reuse," first realized with the space shuttles. It was the 100th launch from NASA's hallowed Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center, the departure point for the Apollo moon shots as well as dozens of shuttle missions, including the last one in 2011. SpaceX now leases the pad from NASA; the company's first launch from there was in February. SpaceX has been hauling station supplies for NASA for five years, both up and down. This is the company's 11th mission under a NASA contract. The company's next step is to deliver astronauts using modified Dragons. That could occur as early as next year. Until SpaceX and Boeing start transporting crews, astronauts will continue to ride Russian rockets. On Friday, a Russian and Frenchman returned from the space station in their Soyuz capsule, leaving two Americans and a Russian behind. The station was zooming over Oman in the Persian Gulf when the Falcon took flight. ___ Online: SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/ NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:29 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:29:38 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:29 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:29:38 GMT Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:24 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:24:08 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sunday June 04 2017 7:36 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries June 03, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press DALLAS — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ——— Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report.     Tags: paris, energy, climate, emissions, change, agreement, Other stories from today: Does Trump believe in climate change or not? Aides won’t say Putin: Syria chemical attack was provocation against Assad Anti-Trump protester charged with battery in California     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal Burlingame news  
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments By david koenig ap business writer FILE – In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that TrumpþÄôs decision would not change their plans. þÄúOur position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,þÄù said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” — Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges June 4, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump is launching a major push for a $1 trillion overhaul of the nation’s roads and bridges, a key item on his agenda that’s been stymied in Congress and overshadowed by White House controversies. Trump plans… Read Post → AP Fact Check: America’s environmental record June 4, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump said the United States “will continue to be the cleanest and most environmentally friendly country on Earth” as he announced a U.S. pullout from an international accord designed to curb climate change. However, data show… Read Post → Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby’s life and legacy June 4, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Bill Cosby, Crime, Philadelphia, sex assault, trial - 1 comment PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Bill Cosby doesn’t plan to testify when he goes on trial Monday on sexual assault charges, but the rambling, remarkable testimony he gave a decade ago in the accuser’s lawsuit could still prove pivotal. The deposition from… Read Post → Navy recovers cannon to identify shipwreck June 3, 2017 - National - no comments PROVIDENCE, R.I. – Now that a cannon that rested in waters off Rhode Island’s shore for two centuries has been raised, U.S. Navy archaeologists are hoping to confirm that the ship that sank at the site was a schooner commanded… Read Post → Suicide bombers kill 6 in Afghanistan June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Afghanistan, Islam, Police, Terrorism - no comments KABUL, Afghanistan – At least six people were killed Saturday when a trio of suicide bombers struck a funeral attended by senior government officials, just three days after a powerful truck bomb in one of the most heavily guarded parts… Read Post → Haley: Trump believes ‘climate is changing’ June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Memorial Day, Social media - 2 comments WASHINGTON – Does he or doesn’t he? Believe in climate change, that is. You’d think that would be an easy enough question the day after President Donald Trump announced he was pulling the U.S. out of the landmark global accord… Read Post → U.N. votes to add 15 North Koreans to blacklist June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments UNITED NATIONS – The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday to add 15 individuals and four entities linked to North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs to a U.N. sanctions blacklist, but Chinese opposition blocked tough new sanctions the United States… Read Post → Gay rights parade held in conservatively ruled Poland June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: LGBT, Police - no comments WARSAW, Poland – Thousands of people marched and danced down the streets of central Warsaw on Saturday to show their support for gay rights, calling for stronger defiance of discrimination and greater acceptance for same-sex unions and marriages. The 17th… Read Post → Time dwindling for major successes in GOP legislative agenda June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Republican Party, Social media, Supreme Court, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump and his GOP allies on Capitol Hill have made it through nearly half their first year in power without a single major legislative achievement. If that’s going to change, it will have to start soon,… Read Post → Video shows gunman in casino attack June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, ISIS, Islam, Police, Terrorism - no comments MANILA, Philippines – Security footage shows the man responsible for one of the Philippine capital’s deadliest attacks in years casually exiting a taxi just after midnight and walking calmly into a vast entertainment and gambling complex like any other visitor…. Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Goshen driver given infraction for 3-vehicle crash that injured 7 9 mins ago Blumenthal accuses Trump of trying to block Russian probe 13 mins ago Police may get cameras 14 mins ago KidsMarathon has legs thanks to Torrington organizer 17 mins ago Kitchen garden talk part of Cornwall tour 18 mins ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should uninsured pregnant women be able to obtain individual health policies? Yes. No. You mean both parties actually agreed on something and the governor doesn't like it? View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments allphie on Food aid threatened The Truth on Bill Maher’s use of racial slur on HBO show draws criticism todd on Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage todd on Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage nolan1789 on Faulty priorities on tuition aid Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 06/03/2017 03-09-21-41-54 PB-25Next Drawing: Wed. Jun. 7Next Jackpot: $375.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $235.4 Mega Millions for 06/02/2017 07-42-57-69-72 MB-10 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $80.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $50.2 Lotto! for 06/02/2017 06-08-10-28-32-36Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $2.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,955,000 Lucky for Life for 06/01/2017 07-28-34-40-46 LB-18Next Drawing: Mon. Jun. 5 Cash5 for 06/03/2017 04-05-15-25-34 Upcoming Events Jun 5 Mon 8:00 am Mohegan Sun Casino @ Mosgrove Field Mohegan Sun Casino @ Mosgrove Field Jun 5 @ 8:00 am $28. $30 in food, vouchers. Sign up at Oakville VFW Post 7330, 85 Davis St., Oakville. Proceeds will fund veteran and community projects. 11:30 am Torrington Woman’s Club 95th Ann... @ Fairview Farms Golf Course Torrington Woman’s Club 95th Ann... @ Fairview Farms Golf Course Jun 5 @ 11:30 am Menu choices are petit filet with Béarnaise sauce; haddock with lobster sauce; or cranberry-cornbread-stuffed chicken breast. Entertainer Tom Stankus will provide music of the 50’s and 60’s. Before Wednesday, May 24 reservation deadline. 6:00 pm Audubon Annual Meeting @ Torrington Elks Lodge #372 Audubon Annual Meeting @ Torrington Elks Lodge #372 Jun 5 @ 6:00 pm The Litchfield Hills Audubon Society 62nd annual meeting and dinner. Meeting and dinner will be followed by a program, Marshes: The Disappearing Edens. Mail a check to LHAS-RGM, PO Box 861, Litchfield, CT 06759. The deadline is May 31. Jun 6 Tue 9:15 am Summer Italian Classes @ Sullivan Senior Center Summer Italian Classes @ Sullivan Senior Center Jun 6 @ 9:15 am – 11:30 am Summer Italian classes will begin Tuesday, June 6, at the Sullivan Senior Center, 88 E. Albert St. All class fees are $85 for senior citizens, $100 all others. Dona Frauenhofer will be the instructor. Intermediate Italian will meet Tuesdays from... 10:30 am Dixie Rising @ Arts Escape Dixie Rising @ Arts Escape Jun 6 @ 10:30 am The unique role of the South in the collective American history, from the Confederacy to the controversies over Harper Lee’s novels. Alfred Hunt, professor emeritus, SUNY Purchase. Also, June 13, 20. History Series. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Food aid threatened Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage Bill Maher's use of racial slur on HBO show draws criticism Faulty priorities on tuition aid Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies Today Week Month All Teseo Trocchi Robert H. Richardson Former major leaguer Jim Piersall, Waterbury native, dies at 87 Raymond E. Dowling Gov. Malloy's retreat Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
69.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Quitting climate deal not likely to have big impact key industries By DAVID KOENIG Associated Press WriterJune 2, 2017 DALLAS (AP) – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement went into effect only last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed. ... We publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Related Links Trump’s tweets on London terror attack strike a combative tone Supreme Court asked to let Trump travel ban take effect Quitting climate deal not likely to have big impact key industries Moon dust bag from space museum bound for auction Police carry drug kits to save K-9s from opioid overdoses Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report nation-world Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â nation-world Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Chris Carlson — The Associated Press file By David Koenig, The Associated Press Posted: 06/02/17, 6:53 PM EDT | Updated: 2 days ago # Comments A Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Gene J. Puskar — The Associated Press DALLAS >> President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. Advertisement A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Bill Maher apologizes Big Sur highway: Worth saving? Skyrocketing campus costs Ropeless Yosemite climb Epic whitewater rafting season Steve Kerr’s return Business Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Chris Carlson/File In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. By David Koenig, Associated Press | Associated Press PUBLISHED: June 2, 2017 at 2:15 pm | UPDATED: June 3, 2017 at 3:33 am DALLAS — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. Related Articles Downtown San Jose buying binge hits $124 million What’s in store for the Santa Clara County economy Local leaders vow to double-down on climate action with design challenge Trump expected to leave climate deal – but with ‘caveats’ Oakland airport to begin new nonstop flight to Italy “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Tags:  Economy David Koenig, Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Miss Manners: Impatient customer rammed me with a cart at the grocery store Carolyn Hax: I discovered revenge is not so sweet Ask Amy: My father’s engaged to a woman with a shaky past Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in East Bay water park tragedy Q&A: Steve Kerr explains his decision to return to the sidelines Man knifed on downtown San Jose street expected to survive More in Business Is the Bay Area losing its luster? Workers move to more affordable cities June 02, 2017, 6:27 pm Fewer workers are packing their bags for the Bay Area, where the cost of living is rising. Apple’s developer’s conference may highlight artificial intelligence June 02, 2017, 5:03 pm As Apple readies for its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, experts say it needs to unveil AI-related products In California battles over product labels, industry usually wins June 04, 2017, 3:30 pm California lawmakers have been considering new labels for nail polish, hair dye, cleaning products, plants, and garden flowers, triggering an annual conflict in the state Capitol over how much to tell people about what they buy at the store or use at work. Jack O’Neill, surfing legend who invented wetsuit, is dead June 03, 2017, 2:49 pm His family’s name has become a globally recognized wetsuit and foam board brand for decades. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine DineEquity Inc (DIN) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong Sell” ValuEngine Lowers Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) to Strong Sell OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine NN, Inc. (NNBR) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine NCI Inc (NCIT) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Norwood Financial Co. (NWFL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Air Lease Corp (AL) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Has $10.76 Million Stake in Platinum Group Metals Limited (PLG) United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Position Decreased by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Increases Position in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Stake Lowered by Cortina Asset Management LLC Cortina Asset Management LLC Has $6.03 Million Stake in Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) Stake Raised by Cortina Asset Management LLC Cortina Asset Management LLC Has $5.75 Million Position in Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) 2,345,719 Shares in Snap Inc (SNAP) Acquired by OppenheimerFunds Inc. Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Shares Sold by OppenheimerFunds Inc. Air Lease Corp (AL) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association lowered its position in shares of Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) by 22.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 276,680 shares of the transportation company’s stock after selling 82,320 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association’s holdings in Air Lease Corp were worth $10,721,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 0.9% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,856 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 0.9% in the first quarter. Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. now owns 21,900 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $849,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 1.8% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 12,725 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $493,000 after buying an additional 231 shares in the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 9.1% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,324 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $209,000 after buying an additional 612 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ingalls & Snyder LLC increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 1.1% in the first quarter. Ingalls & Snyder LLC now owns 76,225 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $2,954,000 after buying an additional 844 shares in the last quarter. 90.06% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Air Lease Corp (NYSE AL) traded down 0.83% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $38.03. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 655,383 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $37.17 and its 200 day moving average price is $36.98. Air Lease Corp has a 12-month low of $24.49 and a 12-month high of $40.24. The firm has a market cap of $3.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.33 and a beta of 1.60. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be issued a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.79%. Air Lease Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.12%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/air-lease-corp-al-shares-sold-by-united-services-automobile-association.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on AL. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Air Lease Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. FBR & Co lowered their target price on Air Lease Corp from $47.00 to $45.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, May 5th. Cowen and Company increased their target price on Air Lease Corp from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Morgan Stanley downgraded Air Lease Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their target price for the company from $40.00 to $42.00 in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Air Lease Corp in a report on Friday, May 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $44.33. In other news, EVP Jie Chen sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total value of $1,174,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 280,341 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,972,546.74. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP John D. Poerschke sold 3,959 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.09, for a total value of $154,757.31. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 48,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,881,792.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 37,959 shares of company stock valued at $1,480,957. Insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corp Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Exiting Paris accord likely to have muted impact in key industries UPDATED: Fri., June 2, 2017, 3:16 p.m. A Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh on Jan. 26, 2017. The American Coal Council said the Paris climate accord would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nations abundant energy resources under lock and key. The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (Gene J. Puskar / Associated Press) By David Koenig Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they, too, are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies, including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell, had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Updated: June 2, 2017, 3:16 p.m.  Tags: climate changes, Donald Trump, ImPACT, industry, paris accord Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes … Golden State Warriors roll again, take 2-0 NBA Finals lead over Cleveland Cavaliers … Suspect in Portland stabbings built life around hate speech … Kurtis Robinson, ex-con who found a higher path, to lead Spokane NAACP … Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Scheer, Lyme and lumber: how federal politics touched Canadians this week National by Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press Posted Jun 2, 2017 2:30 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 3, 2017 at 5:40 am MDT Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer asks a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Thursday, June 1, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld OTTAWA – It was an intense week of repudiation on Parliament Hill. U.S. President Donald Trump entrenched — with gusto, and to Canada’s consternation — his inward-looking approach to global affairs by stridently announcing his intention to pull out of the Paris accord to prevent climate change. Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard shattered the back-burner status of constitutional truce by launching national discussions meant to deal with his province’s long-standing concerns about being excluded from the Constitution. And Liberal hopes to address energy and the environment in tandem — by introducing carbon pricing while also approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline — were thrown into disarray by this week’s pact between the B.C. Greens and the NDP to wrest provincial power from Christy Clark’s Liberals. Amidst all the moving pieces, there were concrete developments in the dynamics of the House of Commons, in confronting Lyme disease and in dealing with the softwood lumber dispute with the United States. Here are three ways politics touched us this week: SCHEER MAKES HIS MARK The new Conservative leader finally took up his post in the House of Commons this week, beginning to better define the political dynamic that will accompany voters into the next election. Andrew Scheer received a warm welcome from his caucus and even the other parties’ MPs as he took up the mantle of leader of the official Opposition. He then set down some markers that will undoubtedly return as key themes leading up to the next campaign. He highlighted familiar Conservative policies on balanced budgets and smaller government, and resurrected Stephen Harper’s focus on a “job-killing carbon tax.” And he added a flavour of his own, calling for a denial of funding to universities that stifle full freedom of speech by shouting down and drowning out unpopular views. He also cited “radical Islamic terrorism” — a politically loaded phrase — and the threat it poses as justification for his call to send Canada’s fighter jets back to the Middle East. LICKING LYME DISEASE As tales of torrents of ticks swarmed through social media this week, federal Health Minister Jane Philpott announced the government’s intentions to improve research around Lyme disease. Ottawa will put $4 million towards a better understanding of the disease, setting up a network to improve diagnosis and treatment. Critics say the pace of government programs is no match for the pace of infected ticks and the complexities of the bacteria they carry. Lyme-carrying ticks can now be found in most provinces in Canada, and no longer just the southernmost points of Ontario. Experts predict the number of people affected by the disease will grow steadily, from 700 in 2015 to about 10,000 a year by 2020. Diagnosing and treating Lyme disease is often very tricky; it can sometimes take years to defeat the disease in a single person. LUMBER The federal government is papering over the pain of its eternal softwood lumber dispute with the United States, putting up $867 million this week to boost the competitiveness of companies and give new skills to sideswiped workers. The supports are meant to partially make up for damages caused by the U.S. imposition of duties introduced in April on Canadian lumber sales into the United States. The package is just one of the ways the federal government is stickhandling through its increasingly antagonistic trade relationship with the United States. Ottawa is also threatening to end its talks to buy Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co., now that the U.S.-based aerospace company is using the American legal system to challenge Canadian government support for rival Bombardier Inc. And on climate, Ottawa is finding common cause with the rest of the world in sticking steadfastly with the Paris accord to cut emissions while loudly proclaiming its disappointment with the Trump administration for pulling out of the pact. On NAFTA re-negotiations, however, the federal government is being careful not to make any loud, aggressive moves for now — preferring to watch quietly while Trump sorts out his position. Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Trump set to make debut on Washington’s social scene Jun 04, 2017, 6:15 PM Attack brings out the best in London’s Borough neighbourhood Jun 04, 2017, 6:05 PM Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Jun 04, 2017, 3:59 PM The Latest: Grande, Katy, Liam Gallagher sing for Manchester Jun 04, 2017, 2:44 PM UK hails man who fled attack holding beer an unlikely hero Jun 04, 2017, 1:57 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 1:30 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 11:30 AM More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Jun 04, 2017, 11:00 AM Rejected NDP leadership candidate heads to court; wants to run in contest Jun 04, 2017, 8:41 AM Solving clearance conundrums a major, but little known, job in film and TV Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Frequency allocation to make room for wireless means some TV stations must move Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Canadian accused in Yahoo hack appeals decision to deny bail Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Company wants to move gold search from Keystone to Rochford Jun 04, 2017, 10:11 AM Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Gallery owner alleges major US Western art sale defamed him Jun 03, 2017, 9:04 AM Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies Jun 03, 2017, 8:35 AM Morneau to meet with American counterpart in Ottawa next week Jun 02, 2017, 5:23 PM Donaldson’s blast gives battered Blue Jays big win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Big Read: The most important summer of Dylan Strome’s life Jun 04, 2017, 9:19 AM Blue Jays appear to dodge bullet on Devon Travis’ hand injury Jun 04, 2017, 3:22 PM Smoak, Donaldson lead Blue Jays to late win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Steve Kerr will coach Warriors in Game 2 of NBA Finals Jun 04, 2017, 6:16 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Book industry looks to hold steady in turbulent time Jun 04, 2017, 11:23 AM 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut Jun 04, 2017, 9:40 AM Putin dismisses US claims about Trump, Russia and elections Jun 04, 2017, 7:58 AM Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Jun 04, 2017, 7:03 AM Grande returning to stage Sunday for Manchester benefit show Jun 04, 2017, 6:10 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry Many big companies have already committed to reducing emissions Post to Facebook Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry Many big companies have already committed to reducing emissions  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rAEWWs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry David Koenig, Associated Press 4:46 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (Photo: Gene J. Puskar / AP) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Dallas — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rAEWWs TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Barack Obama Congress turns to debt limit, spending bills Andrew Taylor Column: Still sorting out the Six Day War John O'Neill Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges Ken Thomas and Josh Boak Pelosi: No debt limit increase to reward rich with tax cuts Andrew Taylor Hillary Clinton revives fight over Michigan loss Jonathan Oosting Trump’s climate pullback opens door to Chinese leadership Matthew Pennington
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 70° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 70° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-02 15:19:27 Updated: 2017-06-03 08:29:43 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Posted 3:19 p.m. Friday Updated 8:29 a.m. Saturday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18EUr Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By DAVID KOENIG, AP Business Writer DALLAS — President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. More On This IMAGES: Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries 2 Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 12 °C Fog Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Top three benefits to furnace maintenance Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days A family owned and operated business – with community ties Home News Canada How fed politics touched Canadians this week | Jun 03, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 How fed politics touched Canadians this week How fed politics touched Canadians this week-Image1 The Canadian Press, 2017 Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer asks a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Thursday, June 1, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld next play/pause pre OTTAWA — It was an intense week of repudiation on Parliament Hill. U.S. President Donald Trump entrenched — with gusto, and to Canada's consternation — his inward-looking approach to global affairs by stridently announcing his intention to pull out of the Paris accord to prevent climate change. Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard shattered the back-burner status of constitutional truce by launching national discussions meant to deal with his province's long-standing concerns about being excluded from the Constitution. And Liberal hopes to address energy and the environment in tandem — by introducing carbon pricing while also approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline — were thrown into disarray by this week's pact between the B.C. Greens and the NDP to wrest provincial power from Christy Clark's Liberals. Amidst all the moving pieces, there were concrete developments in the dynamics of the House of Commons, in confronting Lyme disease and in dealing with the softwood lumber dispute with the United States. Here are three ways politics touched us this week: SCHEER MAKES HIS MARK The new Conservative leader finally took up his post in the House of Commons this week, beginning to better define the political dynamic that will accompany voters into the next election. Andrew Scheer received a warm welcome from his caucus and even the other parties' MPs as he took up the mantle of leader of the official Opposition. He then set down some markers that will undoubtedly return as key themes leading up to the next campaign. He highlighted familiar Conservative policies on balanced budgets and smaller government, and resurrected Stephen Harper's focus on a "job-killing carbon tax." And he added a flavour of his own, calling for a denial of funding to universities that stifle full freedom of speech by shouting down and drowning out unpopular views. He also cited "radical Islamic terrorism" — a politically loaded phrase — and the threat it poses as justification for his call to send Canada's fighter jets back to the Middle East. LICKING LYME DISEASE As tales of torrents of ticks swarmed through social media this week, federal Health Minister Jane Philpott announced the government's intentions to improve research around Lyme disease. Ottawa will put $4 million towards a better understanding of the disease, setting up a network to improve diagnosis and treatment. Critics say the pace of government programs is no match for the pace of infected ticks and the complexities of the bacteria they carry. Lyme-carrying ticks can now be found in most provinces in Canada, and no longer just the southernmost points of Ontario. Experts predict the number of people affected by the disease will grow steadily, from 700 in 2015 to about 10,000 a year by 2020. Diagnosing and treating Lyme disease is often very tricky; it can sometimes take years to defeat the disease in a single person. LUMBER The federal government is papering over the pain of its eternal softwood lumber dispute with the United States, putting up $867 million this week to boost the competitiveness of companies and give new skills to sideswiped workers. The supports are meant to partially make up for damages caused by the U.S. imposition of duties introduced in April on Canadian lumber sales into the United States. The package is just one of the ways the federal government is stickhandling through its increasingly antagonistic trade relationship with the United States. Ottawa is also threatening to end its talks to buy Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co., now that the U.S.-based aerospace company is using the American legal system to challenge Canadian government support for rival Bombardier Inc. And on climate, Ottawa is finding common cause with the rest of the world in sticking steadfastly with the Paris accord to cut emissions while loudly proclaiming its disappointment with the Trump administration for pulling out of the pact. On NAFTA re-negotiations, however, the federal government is being careful not to make any loud, aggressive moves for now — preferring to watch quietly while Trump sorts out his position. By Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Snapshot Local Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Snapshot Canada Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor Snapshot World Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Battle of Stoney Creek re-enactment Local VIDEO: The Tenors preform at RBG Local CityLife: Buskers infest Dundas Local Video: Over the edge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today Your children and the dentist Creek View Dental in St. Catharines understands the fear and anxiety young children tend to have... Heavy-duty vehicle emergencies need heavy-duty towing assistance Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows some people drive big vehicles — very big vehicles — and that means... ‘Bee’ a better gardener with TERRA It’s no secret that our bee populations have been dwindling over the recent years, but with the... Many dental services under one roof is a reason to smile You only have one mouth, so why should you have to go to multiple oral care facilities when you can... Preventing the problems of wet basement season While most people welcome the arrival of spring, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton know... Tax challenges to consider for the self-employed Eco Tax in Hamilton knows if you're an entrepreneur running a small business, you don't... Money Matters: Five questions to ask your advisor Many people feel intimidated and uncomfortable talking to their advisors about investments.... Funeral Etiquette Tips When someone you love loses a loved one, you want to be there for them in any way possible — and... Keep your most prized possessions safe with quality storage containers Save space in your home and securely organize your items in a container from Kingcon Storage Inc.... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... Thinking outside the pot: Creative gardening ideas from TERRA With gardening season in full swing, it's the perfect time to give some thought to the growing... Using a tax-free savings account versus an RRSP If you're trying to decide which is the best tax strategy for saving money that will also help... Help with dealing with the details following a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows that the funeral is only one important part of the process when... The sandwich years: How to survive your 40s & 50s You know those days where everything goes wrong and you’re so tired you don’t know what direction’s... Heavy certification comes with heavy tow truck operators from local company In the world of towing, Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows that light- and heavy-duty vehicles are in... You can win big at the area's biggest bingo hall If you don't think you can win a lot of cash playing bingo, then you've never been to Six Nations... Saving Matters: For the Full-Time Family Getting the kids ready for school in the morning is a full-time job, while you get ready to head to... What causes hearing loss? Brantford’s Hometown Hearing Centre may be able to help you regain some of your lost hearing,... The sandwich years: 6 money mistakes to avoid in your 40s and 50s Your career has taken off but is more demanding than ever. Your kids are growing up and your... Legal Matters: Can I still receive Ontario Disability Support Payments if I win a lawsuit against the at-fault driver? Question: I am receiving Ontario Disability Support payments (ODSP). I was involved in a car... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA 'Come From Away' wins at Drama Desk Awards Canadian killed in attack named Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Live with Kelly and Ryan readies for Trudeau guest appearance in Niagara Falls PreviousNext Quebec ticket takes giant Lotto Max jackpot ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Astronaut duo aims to take Army to new heights in space By Sean KimmonsJune 1, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, looks out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, as she simulates bringing in a cargo load in space with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, stands inside a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, before she simulates bringing in a cargo load with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, uses virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the International Space Station with a jetpack during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Even if such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, Morgan said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, uses virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the International Space Station with a jetpack during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Even if such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, Morgan said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, looks out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, as she simulates bringing in a cargo load in space with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Mark Vande Hei, a retired Army colonel, prepares to train inside NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory pool near Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. The pool is one of the world's largest at 202 feet long and 40 feet deep, and is big enough to hold a replica of the International Space Station. Wearing a specialized spacesuit that recreates microgravity, astronauts float around the mock station to practice tasks they may have to do as part of a spacewalk. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 7 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Mark Vande Hei, a retired Army colonel, trains inside NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory pool near Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. The pool is one of the world's largest at 202 feet long and 40 feet deep, and is big enough to hold a replica of the International Space Station. Wearing a specialized spacesuit that recreates microgravity, astronauts float around the mock station to practice tasks they may have to do as part of a spacewalk. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL HOUSTON -- Like the out-of-this-world missions they train for, the career paths taken by the Army's only two active-duty astronauts may also boggle the mind. Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, a Ranger-tabbed doctor with several years' experience in Special Forces, now heads the Army Space and Missile Defense Command's small but skilled astronaut force. And while he once fed his adventurous spirit by flying into stadiums as part of West Point's parachute team, he looks forward to the ultimate adrenaline rush -- being blasted off into space. His comrade, Maj. Anne McClain, has also acquired a stacked resume in her 14 years of Army service. With over 2,000 flight hours on 20 different rotary and fixed-wing aircraft, along with piloting a Kiowa Warrior helicopter in combat, she's no stranger to air travel. On top of that, she was a Marshall scholar who earned two master's degrees while studying in England. During her time across the pond, she also fine-tuned her rugby play before later landing a spot on the U.S. women's national rugby squad. Both Morgan and McClain agreed that without the Army, those unique opportunities likely would not have happened. "I owe that back to the Army," the 41-year-old Morgan said of his accomplishments during his past two decades in uniform. "Everything that made me a good candidate to become a good astronaut came from the Army." McClain also joined the Army first and foremost to serve the nation, necessarily to travel space. "It was the path I wanted to take even if I had not become an astronaut," the 37-year-old said. "The Army is probably going to have to kick me out at some point because I'm not going anywhere." SPACE SOLDIERS The talented duo is part of a team of nearly 50 astronauts, some of whom are retired Army officers, in NASA's human spaceflight program. One of those seasoned officers, retired Col. Patrick Forrester, profoundly influenced McClain's military career years before she was selected for the program in 2013, along with Morgan and six others. When McClain was a 19-year-old cadet at West Point, she heard Forrester speak about his experience during a talk at the Academy. He told the cadets that the Army was too important to simply be a stepping stone to something greater, and if they truly paid attention to their job and did the right thing for their Soldiers, they would be rewarded. "It'll work out for you in the end if you do that," she recalled of his speech. "That was best advice I could have gotten at that time and he was absolutely right." Shortly before coming to Johnson Space Center as an astronaut candidate, she was surprised to see Forrester's familiar name again in her reporting instructions. The person who had inspired her 15 years ago was now the supervisor of her class. "To me, that was just full circle," she said. Almost 20 Soldiers have become astronauts since Maj. Robert Stewart paved the way in 1979, before he went on to do the first untethered mission in space using a jetpack in 1984. "They were people that I looked up to and followed their careers from afar as I was growing up as a young cadet and young officer in the Army," Morgan said of Forrester, former Col. Jeff Williams and the others who came before him. As the years have passed, so have the missions, especially when the space shuttle program ended in 2011. Today, American astronauts are launched into space on Russian Soyuz rockets and typically stay in space for six months to help maintain and conduct science experiments on the International Space Station with other foreign partners. Army astronauts have embraced the longer trips, as shown in their almost continuous presence in space over the past two years. "We're very well suited for that," Morgan said of the lengthy missions. "The Army has quite a good reputation in the astronaut corps, and I look forward to seeing more Army presence on the International Space Station." IN TRAINING While they wait to be assigned to a space mission, Morgan and McClain constantly train so that they are prepared for when their time comes. Recently, inside a simulator dome with a 180-degree viewing angle, McClain practiced grabbing a cargo load with the space station's robotic arm. While peering out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the space station, McClain operated the controls and brought in supplies from a SpaceX Dragon spacecraft that would normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew every six months or so. The day before, Morgan had used virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the space station with a jetpack. Although such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, he said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. "It's an exciting, tense and physically demanding period of time while you're out there outside the space station for six or seven hours," said Morgan, who was born to a military family in a city with whom he shares his namesake -- Morgantown, W. Va. In preparing for a spacewalk, astronauts also train at the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory, which is basically a huge pool that holds a replica of the space station. Using a specialized spacesuit that simulates microgravity, astronauts stay underwater for hours completing tasks, such as replacing the station's heavy batteries. Astronauts also train to fly a T-38 Talon jet trainer, learn about space systems and a whole new set of acronyms, and receive in-depth lessons on the Russian language, which along with English are the official languages onboard the station. "One of the most challenging and cool things we do at NASA is that we don't do the same thing any two days," McClain said. With all sorts of moving pieces going on, astronauts must rely on an elevated level of teamwork. The ability to lead, but also to follow, are strong traits for an astronaut to have when working in close quarters for long periods of time on specialized, costly missions. Already well-trained, Soldiers come to NASA with a good exposure to these types of teams, according to Chris Looper, a NASA training integrator who helps instruct astronauts. "Being able to bring that team together so it can be a high-performing team, and not just a group of individuals who are all trying to perform at a high level, that makes a big difference," he explained. A successful astronaut, he said, should have an easy-going attitude and be able to roll with the punches when things don't go right. Another helpful characteristic is endless thirst to be proficient in their tasks through continuous training. "[So,] when you do something real in space, it will feel like a practice run," Looper said. FUTURE SPACEFLIGHT While the space station mission has been a top priority for the past 17 years, other added elements to NASA's human spaceflight program may be in the near future. In February, NASA officials announced a study to look at launching two crew members around the moon in 2019, as part of the Orion spacecraft's maiden flight with a NASA rocket. The ambitious goal for the spacecraft is to one day enable human exploration of asteroids and deep-space destinations, including Mars. NASA's Commercial Crew Program also has SpaceX and Boeing developing two launch vehicles to send astronauts into space, rather than sharing rides on Russian Soyuz rockets. "We're on the cusp of some pretty amazing times in the space program," McClain said, "and we're going to see things that we've never seen before." The current space station mission, a joint effort of 15 nations, is projected to last until 2024. But for Morgan and McClain, it doesn't really matter what mission they end up serving. An optimistic McClain said that there are no bad assignments. "When I look at all of the different jobs I could do, I'd be thrilled to get any of them," she said. After all, she didn't expect to end up in her current role when she first learned she had been selected while working as a test pilot at the Redstone Test Center in Alabama. It was bittersweet for her to leave the Army ranks and not be able to wear her military uniform every day, she said. But whatever she does as an astronaut, she still brings a little "hooah" with her. "The space program has always been so inspirational to me and I love contributing to it," she said. "But what really makes it special for me is to be able to do it as a Soldier." "There are many paths to being a Soldier, and this is [just] one of them." RELATED LINKS Army.mil: Women in the Army Army astronaut to co-pilot spacecraft on space station mission Sign up for ARNEWS to your inbox Army News Service ARNEWS Archives RELATED STORIES April 13, 2017Space station 'great model for society,' says astronaut May 11, 2017WBAMC exceeds patient care benchmark May 3, 2017Tactical CEMA in Cognitive Spaces April 14, 2017Caisson Platoon carries Sen. John Glenn to final resting place May 20, 2017Lt. Gen. Townsend visits 82nd Airborne Paratroopers at Bakhira May 15, 2017Sustaining Missile Readiness May 23, 2017South Dakota Army Guard firefighters train and prep for deployment May 22, 2017Cyber Assurance Key Defender Against Worldwide Threats May 16, 2017Best Warriors face off for top honors May 19, 2017SMDC History: Command birthday celebration starts new tradition April 14, 2017SMDC opens BAA for new ideas on space, missile defense April 6, 2017Space Ops Division officer retires April 28, 2017BAMC temporarily reduces number of surgical procedures April 7, 2017Space Soldiers compete to be named Best Warriors April 7, 2017SMDC CG addresses Space Symposium attendees March 7, 2017Army astronaut to co-pilot spacecraft on space station mission Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries World by David Koenig, The Associated Press Posted Jun 2, 2017 12:47 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:00 pm MDT In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord "would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation's abundant energy resources under lock and key." The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 per cent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 per cent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labour. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Trump set to make debut on Washington’s social scene Jun 04, 2017, 6:15 PM Attack brings out the best in London’s Borough neighbourhood Jun 04, 2017, 6:05 PM Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Jun 04, 2017, 3:59 PM The Latest: Grande, Katy, Liam Gallagher sing for Manchester Jun 04, 2017, 2:44 PM UK hails man who fled attack holding beer an unlikely hero Jun 04, 2017, 1:57 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 1:30 PM Military faces intensive archival search to pinpoint gay purge numbers Jun 04, 2017, 11:30 AM More Canadians seeking disability benefits have denials overturned on appeal Jun 04, 2017, 11:00 AM Rejected NDP leadership candidate heads to court; wants to run in contest Jun 04, 2017, 8:41 AM Solving clearance conundrums a major, but little known, job in film and TV Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Frequency allocation to make room for wireless means some TV stations must move Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Canadian accused in Yahoo hack appeals decision to deny bail Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Company wants to move gold search from Keystone to Rochford Jun 04, 2017, 10:11 AM Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jun 04, 2017, 8:00 AM Gallery owner alleges major US Western art sale defamed him Jun 03, 2017, 9:04 AM Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies Jun 03, 2017, 8:35 AM Morneau to meet with American counterpart in Ottawa next week Jun 02, 2017, 5:23 PM Donaldson’s blast gives battered Blue Jays big win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Big Read: The most important summer of Dylan Strome’s life Jun 04, 2017, 9:19 AM Blue Jays appear to dodge bullet on Devon Travis’ hand injury Jun 04, 2017, 3:22 PM Smoak, Donaldson lead Blue Jays to late win over Yankees Jun 04, 2017, 3:54 PM Steve Kerr will coach Warriors in Game 2 of NBA Finals Jun 04, 2017, 6:16 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Book industry looks to hold steady in turbulent time Jun 04, 2017, 11:23 AM 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut Jun 04, 2017, 9:40 AM Putin dismisses US claims about Trump, Russia and elections Jun 04, 2017, 7:58 AM Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Jun 04, 2017, 7:03 AM Grande returning to stage Sunday for Manchester benefit show Jun 04, 2017, 6:10 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sun, Jun 4, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Child hospitalized following shooting in northeast Colorado Springs Colorado Springs wildfire preparedness meeting planned for Tuesday Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Vectrus CEO: Strategy is two innings into nine-inning game Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Switchbacks midfielder Rony Argueta talk about his game-winning goal Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Historic Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind receiving major updates Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 1:14 PM 0 The historic, collegiate gothic architecture of the Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind is taking on an "in with the old, in with the new" look.... Role of Colorado Springs Sky Sox could shift with Brewers a surprise contender Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 7:57 PM 0 The collection of talent populating the Sky Sox roster – and sprinkled throughout Milwaukee’s system – can be traced in large part to a sell-off mode that set the stage... Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Woody Paige: Broncos QB situation could have been even more of a jumbled mess Politics About 100 gather in downtown Colorado Springs to protest against Trump's withdrawal of Paris climate accord Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 8:50 PM 0 A Colorado Springs protest against President Donald Trump's recent decision to pull America out of an international climate pact drew about 100 people... Colorado Springs woman arrested in toddler-on-toddler shooting Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 2:40 PM A 30-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with a toddler-on-toddler shooting inside a... Islamic State said to claim responsibility for London attack Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 6:13 PM 0 LONDON — A news agency affiliated with Islamic State claimed Sunday that the militant group... Latest Local Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries By: Chhun Sun - 6 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial By: The Associated Press - 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary By: Betty Sexton - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues By: Kaitlin Durbin - 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy By: Seth Boster - 15 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Top Stories Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press - 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead By: JANIE McCAULEY , AP Sports Writer - 2 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland By: Leah Sottile, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago 'Oi, terrorists, cowards!' Fighting back in London's chaos By: GREGORY KATZ and LORI HINNANT , Associated Press - 7 hr ago Trump criticizes London mayor after latest attack on city By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE , Associated Press - 8 hr ago Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show By: HILARY FOX & MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer - 8 hr ago Police arrest 12 after night of terror in heart of London By: GREGORY KATZ, DANICA KIRKA and JILL LAWLESS, Associated Press - 10 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Big Dog Brag Mud Run 2017 Calhan High School Graduation May Natural History Museum 2017 Community Prep High School Graduation 2017 The Career Building Academy Graduation 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 6 hr ago Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries 9 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary 15 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy 16 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain Most Read Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs event Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports 1 hr ago Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead 6 hr ago Steve Kerr will coach Golden State in Game 2 of the NBA Finals after missing 11 games because of back problems 12 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say 13 hr ago Defending champion Muguruza loses in French Open's 4th round to France's Mladenovic Yesterday Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKC Yesterday Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Business 2 hr ago Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 5 hr ago Linda Leitz: Don't rely on books for financial advice 5 hr ago Jim Flynn: Research service contracts on vehicles 6 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 9 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut 11 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients 11 hr ago Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Opinion 1 hr ago LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome 7 hr ago EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech Fri, Jun 2, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority Fri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Around the Web 1 hr ago Massive crack in Antarctica ice shelf grows 11 miles in only 6 days 1 hr ago Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges 4 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland 4 hr ago Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in New Mexico city 5 hr ago Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office 10 hr ago Solo climber is 1st up Yosemite's El Capitan without ropes Yesterday Papa John's employees accused of selling cocaine out of the store Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory1 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead2 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say12 hr ago Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKCYesterday Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-lineFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speechFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome1 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived actFri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priorityFri, Jun 2, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary10 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college creditsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tourFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado toughens penalties for texting while drivingFri, Jun 2, 2017 Local Business Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area?Yesterday El Paso County new car market heats up in MayFri, Jun 2, 2017 Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado SpringsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World The Latest: UAE, Egypt cut diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago United Arab Emirates, Egypt join Saudi Arabia and Bahrain in cutting diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic ties to Qatar, says Qatari troops pulled from ongoing Yemen war1 hr ago Fraud allegations mar Mexico elections1 hr ago Military Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills15 hr ago Fort Carson veterinary technicians mend plush pets for kids in "surgical" event15 hr ago Court changes method to divide retirement for divorceHigh court alters rule on divorce awards18 hr ago Colorado Springs area military events starting June 4, 201718 hr ago Blogs Three rounds complete: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Yesterday Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 seasonFri, Jun 2, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries6 hr ago One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs eventYesterday Patron at downtown Colorado Springs bank robbedYesterday Colorado Springs man robbed at gunpoint while trying to leave homeYesterday National Crime Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges1 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to deathYesterday Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpackFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Life Life In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago A giant ark is just the start: These creationists have a bigger plan for recruiting new believers18 hr ago Colorado Springs area religious events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs area literary events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show8 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Pikes Pick: Don't miss out on your chance to compete in 'The Amazing Race'Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Monday, June 5Yesterday Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spiritualityFri, Jun 2, 2017 In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful pastFri, Jun 2, 2017 I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate actionFri, Jun 2, 2017 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victoryFri, Jun 2, 2017 National National Politics Point/Counterpoint: Are Congressional Republicans dropping the ball?15 hr ago Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air trafficYesterday Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege to block James Comey testimony: ReportYesterday EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report saysFri, Jun 2, 2017 National Business Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it2 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening6 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Quitting Paris accord likely won't impact many US companies By david koenig, ap business writer DALLAS  Jun 2, 2017, 2:45 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH Trump withdraws US from Paris climate agreement 0 Shares Email President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ——— Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Quitting Paris accord likely won't impact many US companies " ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack " Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain cut ties to Qatar Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control system " After 'horrific' London attack, Trump says 'bloodshed must end' " Philippine police say casino attacker was indebted gambler " Trump team is 'tongue-tied' on climate crisis: Al Gore " Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes " Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison " Trump debuts on Washington social scene at theater gala " UK election pauses, for second time, after London attack " Quadruplet to get medical degree with help from doctor who delivered her " Couple scores free tickets to Stanley Cup finals after text mix-up " Dad's 'no shame' post on using toddler leash: 'She'd be the lost child' " Student's pizza essay helps her get into Yale " Students raise $11,000 to help teacher battling cancer fulfill her bucket list " Mom organizes trooper dance honoring daughter who died of rare cancer " JetBlue testing facial-recognition boarding system " Experts warn parents about recent uptick in youth baseball injuries " Disability attorney who bilked $600M from gov't disappears " Long-delayed tunnel project leaves NY rail riders in lurch " Aaron Hernandez case sparks bill to keep crime convictions intact " Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial " Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State " Duterte to extremists: No talks even if you kill hostages " Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes " UK hails man who fled attack holding beer an unlikely hero " London mayor's spokesperson slams Trump's tweet as 'ill-informed' " Trump takes aim at London's mayor after terror attack " 'March for Truth' demands Trump, Russia investigation " Putin 'is lying' by denying Russian interference in US election, Susan Rice says " President Trump not expected to try to block Comey testimony, aides say " Lawmakers ask whether debt left Kushner vulnerable to Russian influence " Jenna, Barbara Bush 'tried to veto' dad's run for presidency " After liberation from IS, Fallujah struggles to rebuild " 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut " 'Bachelorette' Trista Sutter hospitalized in Croatia after suffering seizure " Brad Paisley surprises high school graduates with performance
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Chris Carlson, File AP Photo FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Chris Carlson, File AP Photo National Business June 02, 2017 3:22 PM Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By DAVID KOENIG AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DALLAS President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:07 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:52 12 hours ago Joe Harris talks basketball and law enforcement (video) View More Video National Business The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims New energy plan for NY agricultural sector to be unveiled Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Program opens chances for success for students Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
June 4, 2017 | 81° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels Top News Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Associated Press Posted June 02, 2017 June 2, 2017 Updated June 2, 2017 8:45am ASSOCIATED PRESS President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” DALLAS >> President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Governor’s race could be crowded Holloway beats Aldo to unify the featherweight title at UFC 212 City plans homeless sweep of state’s Nimitz Highway medians Servco offering repairs, loaners in Toyota recall Jio, Yamaguchi lead their teams to the path to glory Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sun, Jun 4, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Child hospitalized following shooting in northeast Colorado Springs Colorado Springs wildfire preparedness meeting planned for Tuesday Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Vectrus CEO: Strategy is two innings into nine-inning game Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Switchbacks midfielder Rony Argueta talk about his game-winning goal Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Historic Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind receiving major updates Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 1:14 PM 0 The historic, collegiate gothic architecture of the Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind is taking on an "in with the old, in with the new" look.... Role of Colorado Springs Sky Sox could shift with Brewers a surprise contender Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 7:57 PM 0 The collection of talent populating the Sky Sox roster – and sprinkled throughout Milwaukee’s system – can be traced in large part to a sell-off mode that set the stage... Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Woody Paige: Broncos QB situation could have been even more of a jumbled mess Politics About 100 gather in downtown Colorado Springs to protest against Trump's withdrawal of Paris climate accord Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 8:50 PM 0 A Colorado Springs protest against President Donald Trump's recent decision to pull America out of an international climate pact drew about 100 people... Colorado Springs woman arrested in toddler-on-toddler shooting Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 2:40 PM A 30-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with a toddler-on-toddler shooting inside a... Islamic State said to claim responsibility for London attack Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 6:13 PM 0 LONDON — A news agency affiliated with Islamic State claimed Sunday that the militant group... Latest Local Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries By: Chhun Sun - 6 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial By: The Associated Press - 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary By: Betty Sexton - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues By: Kaitlin Durbin - 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy By: Seth Boster - 15 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Top Stories Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press - 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead By: JANIE McCAULEY , AP Sports Writer - 2 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland By: Leah Sottile, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago 'Oi, terrorists, cowards!' Fighting back in London's chaos By: GREGORY KATZ and LORI HINNANT , Associated Press - 7 hr ago Trump criticizes London mayor after latest attack on city By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE , Associated Press - 8 hr ago Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show By: HILARY FOX & MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer - 8 hr ago Police arrest 12 after night of terror in heart of London By: GREGORY KATZ, DANICA KIRKA and JILL LAWLESS, Associated Press - 10 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Big Dog Brag Mud Run 2017 Calhan High School Graduation May Natural History Museum 2017 Community Prep High School Graduation 2017 The Career Building Academy Graduation 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 6 hr ago Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries 9 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary 15 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy 16 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain Most Read Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs event Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports 1 hr ago Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead 6 hr ago Steve Kerr will coach Golden State in Game 2 of the NBA Finals after missing 11 games because of back problems 12 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say 13 hr ago Defending champion Muguruza loses in French Open's 4th round to France's Mladenovic Yesterday Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKC Yesterday Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Business 2 hr ago Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 5 hr ago Linda Leitz: Don't rely on books for financial advice 5 hr ago Jim Flynn: Research service contracts on vehicles 6 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 9 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut 11 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients 11 hr ago Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Opinion 1 hr ago LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome 7 hr ago EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech Fri, Jun 2, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority Fri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Around the Web 1 hr ago Massive crack in Antarctica ice shelf grows 11 miles in only 6 days 1 hr ago Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges 4 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland 4 hr ago Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in New Mexico city 5 hr ago Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office 10 hr ago Solo climber is 1st up Yosemite's El Capitan without ropes Yesterday Papa John's employees accused of selling cocaine out of the store Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory1 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead2 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say12 hr ago Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKCYesterday Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-lineFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speechFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome1 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived actFri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priorityFri, Jun 2, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary10 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college creditsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tourFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado toughens penalties for texting while drivingFri, Jun 2, 2017 Local Business Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area?Yesterday El Paso County new car market heats up in MayFri, Jun 2, 2017 Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado SpringsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World The Latest: UAE, Egypt cut diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago United Arab Emirates, Egypt join Saudi Arabia and Bahrain in cutting diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic ties to Qatar, says Qatari troops pulled from ongoing Yemen war1 hr ago Fraud allegations mar Mexico elections1 hr ago Military Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills15 hr ago Fort Carson veterinary technicians mend plush pets for kids in "surgical" event15 hr ago Court changes method to divide retirement for divorceHigh court alters rule on divorce awards18 hr ago Colorado Springs area military events starting June 4, 201718 hr ago Blogs Three rounds complete: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Yesterday Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 seasonFri, Jun 2, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries6 hr ago One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs eventYesterday Patron at downtown Colorado Springs bank robbedYesterday Colorado Springs man robbed at gunpoint while trying to leave homeYesterday National Crime Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges1 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to deathYesterday Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpackFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Life Life In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago A giant ark is just the start: These creationists have a bigger plan for recruiting new believers18 hr ago Colorado Springs area religious events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs area literary events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show8 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Pikes Pick: Don't miss out on your chance to compete in 'The Amazing Race'Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Monday, June 5Yesterday Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spiritualityFri, Jun 2, 2017 In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful pastFri, Jun 2, 2017 I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate actionFri, Jun 2, 2017 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victoryFri, Jun 2, 2017 National National Politics Point/Counterpoint: Are Congressional Republicans dropping the ball?15 hr ago Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air trafficYesterday Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege to block James Comey testimony: ReportYesterday EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report saysFri, Jun 2, 2017 National Business Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it2 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening6 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump‚Äôs decision would not change their plans. ‚ÄúOur position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,‚Äù said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) By: David Koenig The Associated Press Published on DALLAS — President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 per cent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 per cent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labour . "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Editors' Picks Photos Photos Winnipeg Pride Festival ends, police open to consultations Black Graduation Celebration a new way of inspiring young generations Video: Frustrated Mr. Met flips off fans at Citi Field Pulling trucks and lifting boulders: Calgary women train for Strongman competition More on Metronews.ca Most Popular 5 simple ways to help the honey bees Canadian woman Christine Archibald identified as victim in London terror attack Alberta man mowing the lawn during twister takes social media by storm 'Push everyone to be better:' Legacy of Wade Smith to live on as city mourns his death Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quitting Paris likely to… Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By DAVID KOENIG June 2, 2017 3:19 pm 4 min read Share DALLAS (AP) — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Related Topics Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quitting Paris likely to… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
