This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:00pm Sun 30 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald How military technology helped fuel NZ's tourism boom 4:00 PM Sunday Apr 30, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business Travel Tourism & Leisure Industries Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play New Zealand's current tourism boom can in part be traced to aerospace technology dating back to the late 1950s. The use of lightweight and very strong carbon fibre began as United States missile nozzles and heat shields before being adapted for military planes and then extensively used in new generation civil aircraft. More than 50 per cent of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner is carbon composite, a material that is up to 20 per cent lighter than the alloys and metals it replaces, making New Zealand a more viable destination for airlines which try to cut weight to save on fuel. Auckland Airport handles more than 70 per cent of arriving visitors and its chief executive Adrian Littlewood says the new lightweight, fuel efficient planes made by Boeing, and Airbus - with its A350 - were perfectly suited to the ultra-long distances that airlines must fly to New Zealand. ''The planes that are now rolling out into the market are far more efficient and more capable of getting to New Zealand than we've seen before,'' he said. ''For airlines they are relatively easy to fill and able to serve long thin routes so they can penetrate into many more cities in the world at a lower cost on a normalised basis.'' Fuel prices had been relatively low for the past two years and this had helped lead to 11 new carriers come to Auckland since the middle of 2015. ''It's fantastic and that's been the fuel for the tourism boom we've seen over the last couple of years,'' said Littlewood. Continued below. Related Content Video Watch: Adrian Littlewood on Auckland Airport's rapid growth Growers hail country of origin labelling U-turn How to close the gender pay gap Wealthier populations and a rapidly growing middle class in emerging economies in the Pacific Rim was also fuelling the boom. ''Travel is one of the first discretionary activities consumers go for once they've got the basics sorted out - China has been a really great example of this.'' India, the Philippines and Indonesia were emerging also. Listed tourism businesses have prospered, Auckland Airport's share price hit a record high of $7.62 in September, Air New Zealand reported a record full year result last year and Tourism Holdings has over the last 18 months several times upgraded earnings' outlooks. Littlewood, whose company is New Zealand's biggest by market capitalisation, said this country's tourism industry had got itself sorted out. ''It's got organised and is focusing on growth, it's co-ordinated its work with the government which has been very supportive.'' New Zealand was also appealing to what visitors increasingly wanted. ''Tourists are starting to look at the things that New Zealand has to offer - a shift away from material activities around shopping or activities such as theme parks to experiences - that's what New Zealand does tremendously well.'' Auckland Airport has been under pressure over the last year to build infrastructure to keep up with the influx of tourists and strong domestic growth which had boosted numbers through the airport to around 16.6 million a year. The airport was spending $1m every week day on new gates, aircraft stands and extensive remodelling of its international terminal departure area. Road traffic congestion around the airport is also a problem prompting temporary vehicle control measures to be imposed over summer. The planes that are now rolling out into the market are far more efficient and more capable of getting to New Zealand than we've seen before. Adrian Littlewood, Auckland Airport chief executive ''It doesn't take a long time for an airline to make a decision to send an aircraft to New Zealand - passengers immediately turn up. It takes a lot longer to build infrastructure to support that - right through from facilities and services to support the aircraft through to accommodation through to sites around the country.'' This has prompted a debate on how to fund infrastructure in other parts of the country. The airport along with Air New Zealand, Tourism Holdings and Christchurch Airport commissioned consultants McKinsey to investigate funding. The report suggested a bed tax and a $5 increase in the border levy to fund facilities and infrastructure growth. A $130 million annual fund would be half met by the Government. The report proposed a National Tourism Infrastructure Levy, made up of a 2 per cent national bed levy across the accommodation sector and a $5 increase to the border levy, to raise $65m a year. The government is not keen on raising taxes though and Littlewood says there is no simple solution. ''I don't think that's (the report) meant to be an answer to many different problems - it was done as a way to provoke the government into thinking about whether there are different ways to solve it.'' He said well-intentioned funds could result in distortions. ''You've got to be careful we don't try to repurpose it for other things. Look across the Tasman and see it hasn't worked as well, the passenger movement charge is now A$55 a passenger which includes a Sydney Olympics charge and Queensland flood relief charge,'' said Littlewood. ''I am hopeful the Government does have some strong answers coming up in the budget this year. I think tourism is earning its way and justifies additional support from the government.'' - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Woman allegedly threatened Man arrested for allegedly threatening a woman inside a house in Kaitaia Hawke's Bay Today Eva Bradley: Everyone's got a birth story, Eva Bradley's column Bay of Plenty Times Big plans for Tauranga-Hamilton SH1 strip Major roading project announced for the stretch of highway between Hamilton and Tauranga… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Car Care: Stay singing in the rain When the rain starts to fall, you need your wipers to be up to scratch. Viva A look inside creative spaces Sally Coulthard's new book Studio gives readers a peek inside artists' studios True Commercial Auckland’s Twin Towers on the market Known locally as The Twin Towers, Auckland, has come up for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 30 Apr 2017 18:20:30 Processing Time: 13ms
Breaking News Trump celebrates first 100 days as president, blasts media South Korea says U.S. reaffirms it will pay THAAD costs; joint drills wrap up Five killed in Texas tornadoes; rains, winds lash US midsection: media ASEAN gives Beijing a pass on South China Sea dispute, cites 'improving cooperation' Trump invites Philippines' Duterte to Washington, White House says 25 years after Los Angeles riots, progress and distrust live side by side Merkel's conservatives widen lead to 7 points 5 months before German vote French presidential hopeful Le Pen names nationalist as prime minister Turkey fires 3,900 in second post-referendum purge EU sets Britain tough divorce terms, slams budget veto Sun 30 Apr 2017 - 3 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Bombardier rejects Boeing trade claim Bombardier rejects Boeing trade claim Saturday 29th, April 2017 / 18:13 Written by Oman Observer in Business MONTREAL/NEW YORK: Canada’s Bombardier Inc hit back at rival US planemaker Boeing Co’s claim that it sold jets well below cost to win market share in the United States, the latest sign of increasing trade tensions between the two countries. The risk of the United States imposing a tariff, which would likely depress sales of Bombardier’s newest jet, and concern over how big that tariff might be, unsettled investors, sending the Canadian company’s shares down just over 4 per cent. Boeing wants the US government to investigate what it describes as rock-bottom prices for Bombardier’s new C Series aircraft, including an “absurdly low” sum of $19.6 million it says Delta Air Lines Inc paid for a jet costing $33 million to build. “The allegation is absurd,” Bombardier spokesman Bryan Tucker said, in response to numbers contained in a petition sent to the US Commerce Department by Boeing on Thursday. The spat comes days after Washington imposed duties averaging 20 per cent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, prompting claims in Canada that Boeing was taking advantage of the Trump administration’s tougher stance on trade. Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the filing against Bombardier was “an initiative we chose to take ourselves”. He declined to say whether Boeing also planned to ask the United States to pursue Canada through the World Trade Organization, as it has against European rival Airbus. Domestic cases, where companies can petition for duties on specific products, typically take around a year. That is much quicker than a 13-year-old transatlantic battle on jetliner subsidies at the WTO, an international forum open only to nations. Planemakers “often sell below costs to break into a new market or with a new product, particularly if it involves a significant launch customer,” said US-based trade policy expert Joel Johnson. Such tactics cause long-term harm by creating momentum that rivals find hard to reverse, Boeing’s petition said, although industry analysts say Boeing and Airbus both regularly offer discounts of 50 per cent or more. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Amazon’s moves beyond retail get Wall St thumbs up US to review trade pacts, looking at ‘violations’ → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Adam-Thamrait road back in focus Majlis to host Sajwani on May 3 and 4 Chemical weapons are used 45 times in Syria President Trump marks tough first 100 days Read More ... Facebook Twitter 31 minutes agoWadi Al Sah’tin in Rustaq is known as the Mandus of Oman, is a place famous for its green orchards… /t.co/hmMrpUT9fe about 1 hour ago#Sultanate’s logistics sector to grow by 7 per cent /t.co/BEf9crmL4g /t.co/CAPkzpFqCh about 1 hour ago@fuzzysyed @UKinOman @OAMCmedia @omanair Photo for illustration purpose only Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Radio New Zealand Skip to content Menu Home News New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Weather Radio National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Series & Podcasts Topics Music Science & Environment Plays & Stories Current Affairs Books & Authors Life & Society Food & Recipes Arts & Culture Movies Business & Economy Politics Sport Comment & Analysis Media & Technology Country Pacific Te Ao Māori Nature & Environment Collections Pacific News Programmes Schedules How to Listen About RNZ Pacific Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National TED Radio Hour National live stream RNZ Concert Opera On Sunday Concert live stream RNZ Pacific Tagata o te Moana International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player Navigation for News Categories New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Weather New Zealand defence force 3:30 pm today Defence Force considers deal for four new aircraft 3:30 pm today Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In The Defence Force could buy four new Boeing aircraft from the US for nearly $1.5 billion. Boeing P-8A Poseidon. Photo: Wikicommons The US department of defence has announced it may sell the New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF) four new Boeing aircraft at a cost of nearly $1.5 billion. But the Defence Force said the government had not yet committed to any sale. The US said New Zealand had asked to potentially buy four P-8A Patrol aircraft, equipped with commercial engines, missile warning sensors, infrared and laser transmitter assemblies. They will replace the Defence Force's current fleet of P-3 Orion aircraft. The $1.47bn price included training and assistance, technical services, and repair. New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said he was concerned the reduction from a fleet of six to four would cut the country's patrol aircraft by a third. He asked how four aircraft could cover the area New Zealand is responsible for, which extends from Antarctica to north of the equator and from the mid-Tasman Sea to east of the Cook Islands. Mr Peters said there should be competition between Boeing and other companies. The US defence department said the sale would strengthen collective defence, and enhance New Zealand's allied contributions. One of the New Zealand Defence Force's current P-3K2 Orion aircraft. Photo: Supplied / Defence Force But a spokesperson for the Defence Force said the US announcement was a non-binding part of the process and it was legally bound to inform the public. The spokesperson said the price was higher than it expected to pay and the offer would be considered over the next couple months. In June last year, the government announced it would spend $20 billion on the Defence Force in a long-term investment plan that also includes a new cyber security system for defence networks. It detailed plans to replace the Air Force Boeing 757, the C130-Hercules, the Orion maritime patrol aircraft and the ANZAC frigates, over the next 15 years. Tags: defence force Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Copyright © 2017, Radio New Zealand Next story in New Zealand Ex-Chinese officials hiding out in NZ - reports Related Stories Faulty Air Force helicopter sent to Sydney for examination 21 Apr 2017 Flying restrictions on the Air Force's NH90 helicopters are in place after an emergency landing near Blenheim. Faulty Air Force helicopter sent to Sydney for examination Defence Force upgrade in question under Labour govt 15 Mar 2017 A $20 billion Defence Force upgrade already underway could not be guaranteed under a Labour-led government. Defence Force upgrade in question under Labour govt RNZAF takes possible Hercules replacement for test flight 24 Feb 2017 The Defence Force today trialled a new military transport plane as part of the $20 billion plan to modernise in the next 15 years. RNZAF takes possible Hercules replacement for test flight NZDF flying Middle-East air missions in high temps 28 Aug 2016 New Zealand soldiers have flown 32 missions into Iraq and Afghanistan since early June, supporting the Coalition operations, the Defence Force says. NZDF flying Middle-East air missions in high temps Defence Force to buy $500m naval tanker 18 Jul 2016 The Defence Force is buying a new naval tanker specifically designed for operations in Antarctica. Defence Force to buy $500m naval tanker New Zealand Dairy owners' march against violent crime draws 300 Killer back behind bars over contact with associates Incorrect quake alert was training-day error Quake social housing village shifts to council ownership Eminem case against National Party begins Defence Force considers deal for four new aircraft Top News stories Dairy owners' march against violent crime draws 300 Warriors penalty clinches 1-point win against Roosters Ngāti Tamaoho signs $10m Treaty settlement deed Call to shift burden of proof to rape-accused Looking back at a look forward on 100 days of Trump Subscribe Get the top 8 headlines each day at 8am with our daily email newsletter. New Zealand RSS Follow RNZ News RNZ stations National Concert RNZ Pacific The Wireless Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Subscribe to podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android About RNZ About Contact Media Releases Jobs Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow 30 Stock Roundup: 3M, DuPont, GE Beat; Coke Disappoints Shutterstock photo The index increased significantly over the week following strong gains during the first two trading sessions. The index surged on Monday following the victory of centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in the first round of the French presidential election. The index advanced by an identical margin on Tuesday, following the release of strong earnings reports and as expectation for possible tax reform grew. The Dow slipped on Wednesday following the release of Trump’s outline for tax reform and only managed to inch up on Thursday. Last Week’s Performance The Dow declined 0.2% last Friday, as investors remained concerned on the outcome of the Presidential election in France. The recent surge in popularity experienced by euroskeptic Jean-Luc Melenchon, had unnerved investors with many expressing concern over a possible „Frexit”. Frexit is likely to spark turmoil as France is considered to be an integral part of both the Eurozone and the European Union. Donald Trump’s encouraging comments on proposed tax reforms lifted investor sentiment, which helped to trim losses in the broader market. Meanwhile, existing-home sales in March increased to hit its highest pace in almost ten years. During last week, the index advanced 0.5%. Benchmarks gained last week following the release of strong earnings reports and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin’s comments on Trump’s proposed tax reform plans. However, retail sales fell in March for two consecutive months, posting their worst two-month stretch in two years due to weak demand in automobile sector. Meanwhile, continuing jobless claims dropped 49,000 to 1.98 million, indicating the strongest U.S. labor market in recent years. The Dow This Week The index surged 1.1% on Monday following the victory of centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in the first round of the French presidential election. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM JPM and Goldman Sachs (GS) surged 3.5% and 2.9% respectively which boosted the Dow. Meanwhile, investors kept a close watch on quarterly earnings results with tech majors scheduled to report later in the week. The index advanced by 232.23 points, or 1.1% on Tuesday on Tuesday, following the release of strong earnings reports and as expectation for possible tax reform grew. Earnings for the Dow were particularly strong, with four of its five components exceeding expectations. The Nasdaq closed above 6,000 for the first time ever since its inception in 1971. Meanwhile, sales of newly-constructed homes in March increased 5.8% above its revised February rate. The index lost 0.1% on Wednesday following the release of Trump’s outline for tax reform. The plan promised to slash the top income tax rate from 39.6% to 35%. The new administration has also proposed to reduce the corporate tax rate from 35% to 15% along with an abolishment of the estate tax. Investors were disappointed as they had expected some more details about the tax-reform package. Meanwhile, market watchers kept a close watch on quarterly earnings results. The index inched up marginally on Thursday after technology shares experienced gains. Meanwhile, energy shares experienced a notable fall following concerns over increasing U.S. production and the restart of Libya’s big Sharara oil field upset oil market watchers. Lack of details in President Donald Trump’s tax plan unveiled on Wednesday also pared some gains for the broader market. Components Moving the Index 3M Company MMM started 2017 on a positive note with strong first-quarter results, driven by healthy year-over-year increase in earnings and revenues. GAAP earnings for the reported quarter were $1,323 million or $2.16 per share compared with $1,275 million or $2.10 per share in the year-earlier quarter.                                                                                                        The reported earnings exceeded the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 9 cents. Net sales during the quarter were $7,685 million, up from $7,409 million in the year-ago quarter and surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $7,515 million. Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) rated 3M also raised its earlier guidance for 2017. The company anticipates 2017 GAAP earnings in the range of $8.70 to $9.05 per share, up from prior projections of $8.45-$8.80. This represents year-over-year growth of 7-11%, up from 4-8% expected earlier. (Read: 3M (MMM) Beats Both Q1 Earnings & Revenues, 2017 View Up ) The Boeing Company BA reported adjusted earnings of $2.01 per share for first-quarter 2017, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.91 by 5.2%. Reported earnings were also up 15.5% from the year-ago figure of $1.74. Boeing has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). The company’s revenues amounted to $20.98 billion in the reported quarter, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $21.44 billion by 2.1%. The reported figure also declined 7.3% year over year. Boeing’s adjusted or core earnings per share expectation for 2017 are in the range of $9.20-$9.40, up from the prior guided range of $9.10-$9.30. GAAP earnings are now projected to be in the range of $10.35-$10.55 per share compared with the previous range of $10.25-$10.45. The company still expects 2017 revenues in the range of $90.5−$92.5 billion. (Read: Boeing (BA) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Updates 2017 Guidance ) The Coca-Cola Company KO failed to meet earnings expectations in the first quarter of 2017. Earnings also decreased year over year due to higher costs related to refranchising efforts in Coca-Cola’s North America bottling operations. Further, Coca-Cola’s total sales fell 11%, marking the eighth consecutive quarterly decline in revenue. First-quarter 2016 adjusted earnings of the company were 43 cents per share, shy of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 44 cents by 2.3%. Net revenue declined 11% year over year to $9.12 billion due to currency headwinds and the negative impact of structural items. In 2017, Zacks Rank #3 rated Coca-Cola expects organic revenues to rise 3%.The company expects adjusted EPS to be down 1% to 3% from the prior year’s comparable EPS of $1.91. (Read: Coca-Cola (KO) Q1 Earnings Miss, Refranchising Costs Hurt ) DuPont DD recorded adjusted earnings of $1.64 per share in the first-quarter 2017, up 30% from $1.26 per share a year ago. The results topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.38. DuPont logged net sales of $7,743 million, up roughly 5% year over year on higher volumes and local prices. That also surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $7,539 million. DuPont expects earnings per share (on a reported basis) for first-half 2017 of around $2.42, a decline of roughly 5% from the prior year. The stock has a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. General Electric Company GE reported relatively strong first-quarter 2017 results. GAAP net earnings from continuing operations for the reported quarter were $858 million or 10 cents a share compared with $248 million or 3 cents a share in the year-ago quarter. Operating earnings (including industrial and other verticals) for the reported quarter beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 4 cents. The stock has a Zacks Rank #3. Total consolidated revenue for the reported quarter decreased 1% year over year to $27,660 million but surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $26,362 million. For 2017, the company continues to anticipate operating earnings to be within $1.60-$1.70, with organic growth of 3-5%. (Read: GE Beats Both Q1 Earnings & Revenues, Affirms 2017 View ) McDonald’s Corp. MCD posted robust results in the first quarter of 2017, wherein both the top- and the bottom line outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Earnings per share (EPS) of $1.47 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.32 and improved 18% from the year-ago quarter. McDonald’s has a Zacks Rank #3. Revenues of $5.68 billion declined 4% year over year, mainly due to the impact of refranchising and currency headwinds. However, revenues surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.48 billion by nearly 4%. (Read: McDonald’s (MCD) Tops Q1 Earnings on Solid Comps Growth ) The Procter & Gamble Company ‚s PG fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 96 cents per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents by 2.1%. The bottom line also increased 12% from the prior-year quarter. P&G’s reported net sales of $15.61 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $15.71 billion by 0.7%. The Cincinnati, OH-based company maintained its organic sales growth projection in the range of 2-3% for fiscal 2017. Zacks Rank #3 rated P&G expects all-in sales growth to remain down 1% to flat (earlier flat) for fiscal 2017. (Read: Procter & Gamble (PG) Tops Q3 Earnings Estimates, Sales Dip ) Performance of the Top 10 Dow Companies The table given below shows the price movements of the 10 largest components of the Dow, which is a price weighted index, over the last five days and during the last six months. Over the last five trading days, the Dow has gained 1.95% Ticker Last 5 Day’s Performance 6-Month Performance MMM +2.7% +18.3% GS +3.2% +27.5% IBM -1.1% +5.1% HD +5.1% +26.3% BA +2% +28.1% UNH +1.8% +24.4% MCD +5.0% +25.7% TRV +2.9% +12.7% JNJ +1.5% +7.3% AAPL +0.5% +26.4% Next Week’s Outlook A strong earnings season has helped boost stocks significantly over this week. With future releases also expected to maintain the same positive tone, markets are likely to move higher over the near future as well. However, crucial economic data, starting with today’s GDP release, are slated for release over the next few days. The nature of these releases is likely to influence the direction of stocks in a major way in the sessions to come. Sell These Stocks. Now. Just released, today’s 220 Zacks Rank #5 Strong Sells demand urgent attention. If any are lurking in your portfolio or Watch List, they should be removed immediately. These sinister companies because many appear to be sound investments. However, from 1988 through 2016, stocks from our Strong Sell list have actually performed 6X worse than the S&P 500.  See today’s Zacks „Strong Sells” absolutely free >>. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Boeing Company (The) (BA): Free Stock Analysis Report Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO): Free Stock Analysis Report E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD): Free Stock Analysis Report 3M Company (MMM): Free Stock Analysis Report General Electric Company (GE): Free Stock Analysis Report McDonald’s Corporation (MCD): Free Stock Analysis Report Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 of the Worst Credit Score Tips Next PostNext Leucadia Turns Things Around on Jefferies Recovery Search Recent Posts Video to Mp4 Transfer Company Announces Launch of New Mail Order Service Viviva Colorsheets Launches Indiegogo Campaign BizHUMM Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Small Business Platform Rekonect PRO Launches Kickstarter Campaign Sequa Corporation annonce la réalisation de sa recapitalisation complète Proudly powered by WordPress
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Environment Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Environment Santa Susana Field Lab secured as open space habitat This Aug. 12, 2010 file photo shows visitors by the remains of VTS-1 at the Santa Susana Field Lab. Photo by Andy Holzman, Los Angeles Daily News/File By Susan Abram, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 04/28/17, 11:02 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments About 2,400 acres of sun red rocked hills and land within the Santa Susana Field Laboratory just above the San Fernando Valley will remain as open space and be protected from residential and agricultural development through an agreement between Boeing and a national nonprofit organization, officials announced this week. The easement agreement between the company and the North American Land Trust means regardless of who owns the land in the future, farming, hunting, housing and ranching are all prohibited. But the announcement made by Boeing, which owns the majority of the field lab, came under questioning by cleanup activists who have long sought to see the soil and groundwater there purged of chemicals once used in nuclear and rocket engine testing. Nestled between Simi Valley and Chatsworth, the Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a remote, 2,900-acre site developed in the 1940s. Boeing officials have said the company is committed to cleaning its portion to residential standards, then leaving the land as open space. A few years ago, residents in the surrounding communities became concerned that a piece of the property could be sold without any clean up to a Native American tribe, who might then build a casino. That concern arose because the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians expressed interest in buying a part the land. A spokesman for the tribe has said in published reports that the interest in a purchase was to protect a swath of land that includes the Burro Flats Painted Cave, which is decorated with Native American pictographs in California. Sam Cohen, government affairs and legal officer for the Santa Ynez Band, who often speaks on such issues, did not return a request for comment Friday. But cleanup activist Dan Hirsch said Boeing’s announcement is an effort to walk away from its obligation to decontaminate the land. “The agreement doesn’t exclude a casino, but seems to make it more possible,” Hirsch said. “The easement itself allows construction of buildings for ‘recreation.’ It also allows transfer of the land to a Native American tribe who can build a casino and declare ‘sovereign immunity’ from even the easement itself’.” Advertisement Boeing officials responded Friday to the idea of a casino with: “Definitely no.” “There will never be casinos or any commercial, agricultural, residential or any other development at Santa Susana,” according to a response. “The conservation easement restrictions specifically prohibit any type of commercial development by all current and future owners of the property, and Boeing will not transfer ownership to any entity that does not agree to comply with all provisions of the conservation easement.” While special rights sometimes apply to some tribes, the company noted, a section of the easement “specifically requires that a potential transfer of the property to a tribe cannot occur without either pre-approval by (the North American Land Trust), the holder and primary enforcer of the easement, or waiver by the tribe of rights that could conceivably affect enforcement of the conservation easement.” Neither Boeing nor any future landowner may transfer title of the property to a tribe unless the tribe agrees to be fully bound by the restrictions imposed by the conservation easement or else they are subject to enforcement by the land trust in state court, according to the company’s response. Johnson, of the land trust, said the easement does have one caveat: That a visitors center can be built at the entrance of the Santa Susana Field Lab off Woolsey Canyon Road in Canoga Park. Boeing already hosts several walking tours and daytime events throughout the year. The company’s announcement comes just a few months after the U.S. Department of Energy released a draft environmental impact statement on how it would move forward with cleaning the soil within the portion it oversees. Area IV is roughly 280 acres of land within the Santa Susana Field Lab. In 2010, the California Department of Toxic Substances Control entered into high standard cleanup agreements with the DOE and NASA to clean up their portions of the field lab. Based on that agreement, the cleanup should have been completed this year. But in the draft environmental impact statement, the DOE presented several cleanup options and noted the standards the agency agreed to in 2010 may do more damage than good. That assessment came under criticism by the Los Angeles city and county officials who in March demanded that the site be cleaned to the highest standards. Meanwhile, the DTSC plans to release its own cleanup plans for the whole property this, spokesman Russ Edmonton said. In May 1989, surveys from the DOE, reported exclusively in the Daily News, revealed that radioactive and toxic contamination from decades of nuclear experiments and rocket tests had leaked into soil, groundwater and bedrock at the hilltop site. Also, a partial meltdown of one of the reactors in 1959 released radiation into the air. That the meltdown ever occurred is still disputed among some, but no one disagrees that there are portions of the land that are contaminated. Results of a federal radiological survey released in 2012 showed that of the 437 samples collected, 75 exceeded standards agreed upon by the DOE and the DTSC. The DTSC will provide updates about the Santa Susana Field Laboratory from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Rancho Santa Susana Community Center, 5005 E Los Angeles Ave, Simi Valley. Get additional information at 818-717-6565 or marcia.rubin@dtsc.ca.gov. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Susan Abram covers public health news for the Los Angeles Daily News and Los Angeles News Group. Reach the author at susan.abram@dailynews.com or follow Susan on Twitter: @sabramLA. Full bio and more articles by Susan Abram Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD Search ... Sidebar × Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Top menu HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten 30 Sun, Apr Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Bombardier rejects Boeing trade claim Details 28 April 2017 Previous Article Cuba government warns of further belt tightening Next Article Microsoft Surface sales sink, shares dip Tools  Print  Email Share This MONTREAL/NEW YORK--Canada's Bombardier Inc hit back on Friday at rival U.S. planemaker Boeing Co's claim that it sold jets well below cost to win market share in the United States, the latest sign of increasing trade tensions between the two countries.   The risk of the United States imposing a tariff, which would likely depress sales of Bombardier's newest jet, and concern over how big that tariff might be, unsettled investors, sending the Canadian company's shares down just over 4 percent.   Boeing wants the U.S. government to investigate what it describes as rock-bottom prices for Bombardier's new CSeries aircraft, including an "absurdly low" sum of $19.6 million it says Delta Air Lines Inc paid for a jet costing $33 million to build.   "The allegation is absurd," Bombardier spokesman Bryan Tucker said, in response to numbers contained in a petition sent to the U.S. Commerce Department by Boeing on Thursday.   The spat comes days after Washington imposed duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, prompting claims in Canada that Boeing was taking advantage of the Trump administration's tougher stance on trade. Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the filing against Bombardier was "an initiative we chose to take ourselves."   He declined to say whether Boeing also planned to ask the United States to pursue Canada through the World Trade Organization, as it has against European rival Airbus.   Domestic cases, where companies can petition for duties on specific products, typically take around a year. That is much quicker than a 13-year-old transatlantic battle on jetliner subsidies at the WTO, an international forum open only to nations.   Planemakers "often sell below costs to break into a new market or with a new product, particularly if it involves a significant launch customer," said U.S.-based trade policy expert Joel Johnson. Such tactics cause long-term harm by creating momentum that rivals find hard to reverse, Boeing's petition said, although industry analysts say Boeing and Airbus both regularly offer discounts of 50 percent or more.   Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Brazil's Embraer, since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. But it said Bombardier's actions could upset the wider market and erode future sales of its best-selling 737.   Still, its complaint puzzled some analysts and trade lawyers, since Canada is in talks to sign a deal later this year or in early 2018 to acquire 18 Boeing fighter jets. "It's certainly the right political climate for a trade complaint. But I'm not sure this is the best idea," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia.   Canada has rejected Boeing's accusations and says the CSeries uses many U.S. parts and generates thousands of U.S. jobs. Around half of the 110 to 130 seat CSeries is made in the United States, including the engine, cockpit control panels and avionics.   Trade experts say an investigation could result in Delta and other buyers having to pay extra duties on future deliveries, effectively raising the price but not benefiting Bombardier. Previous Article Cuba government warns of further belt tightening Next Article Microsoft Surface sales sink, shares dip Home MSFT GOOG AAPL IBM ORCL EMC NOK INTC RDS-A Microsoft Corporation NMS : MSFT - 28 Apr, 4:00pm 68.46 +0.19 (+0.28%) After Hours: Open 68.91 Mktcap 529.03B High 69.14 52wk Hight 69.14 Low 67.69 52wk Low 48.04 Vol 39.55M Avg Vol 22.54M Eps 2.98 P/e 32.22 Currency: USD Alphabet Inc. NMS : GOOG - 28 Apr, 4:00pm 905.96 +31.71 (+3.63%) After Hours: Open 910.66 Mktcap 626.40B High 916.85 52wk Hight 916.85 Low 905.77 52wk Low 663.28 Vol 3.28M Avg Vol 1.43M Eps 33.26 P/e 32.50 Currency: USD Apple Inc. NMS : AAPL - 28 Apr, 4:00pm 143.65 -0.14 (-0.10%) After Hours: Open 144.09 Mktcap 753.67B High 144.30 52wk Hight 145.46 Low 143.27 52wk Low 89.47 Vol 20.86M Avg Vol 25.23M Eps 8.95 P/e 17.24 Currency: USD International Business Machines NYQ : IBM - 28 Apr, 4:01pm 160.29 -0.03 (-0.02%) After Hours: Open 160.50 Mktcap 151.06B High 160.59 52wk Hight 182.79 Low 159.70 52wk Low 142.50 Vol 4.15M Avg Vol 3.93M Eps 13.71 P/e 13.18 Currency: USD Oracle Corporation NYQ : ORCL - 28 Apr, 4:01pm 44.96 +0.19 (+0.42%) After Hours: Open 44.74 Mktcap 185.00B High 44.96 52wk Hight 46.99 Low 44.52 52wk Low 37.62 Vol 12.96M Avg Vol 13.04M Eps 2.63 P/e 21.27 Currency: USD EMC Corporation NYQ : EMC - 06 Sep, 4:00pm 29.05 +0.28 (+0.97%) After Hours: Open 28.75 Mktcap High 29.13 52wk Hight 29.13 Low 28.65 52wk Low 22.99 Vol 102.67M Avg Vol 15.61M Eps 1.84 P/e Currency: USD Nokia Corporation Sponsored Ame NYQ : NOK - 28 Apr, 4:00pm 5.73 +0.01 (+0.17%) After Hours: Open 5.76 Mktcap 32.78B High 5.78 52wk Hight 5.99 Low 5.67 52wk Low 4.04 Vol 30.80M Avg Vol 13.42M Eps 0.24 P/e Currency: USD Intel Corporation NMS : INTC - 28 Apr, 4:00pm 36.15 -1.28 (-3.42%) After Hours: Open 36.10 Mktcap 170.74B High 36.49 52wk Hight 38.45 Low 35.88 52wk Low 29.50 Vol 56.77M Avg Vol 24.11M Eps 2.80 P/e 15.65 Currency: USD Royal Dutch Shell PLC Royal Dut NYQ : RDS-A - 28 Apr, 4:02pm 52.19 +0.06 (+0.12%) After Hours: Open 52.16 Mktcap 212.55B High 52.38 52wk Hight 56.39 Low 51.95 52wk Low 46.57 Vol 3.39M Avg Vol 3.51M Eps 3.76 P/e 44.99 Currency: USD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Fri, 14 April 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing 737 Max 9 Completes First Test Flight The Boeing 737 Max 9 completed its first flight on Thursday.  The first 737 Max 9 flight marks the beginning of a comprehensive flight-test program that will ultimately lead to certification before customer deliveries begin in 2018. "The Max 9's first flight is another milestone that continues the program's strong track record of progress," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO, Kevin McAllister. "The Max family of airplanes offers more value than any competitor and its strong market acceptance is reflected in over 3,700 airplanes on order from 86 customers around the world." The airplane completed a successful 2 hour, 42-minute flight, taking off from Renton Field in Renton, Wash., at 10:52 local time and landing at 13:34 at Seattle's Boeing Field. Piloted by Boeing Test & Evaluation Captains Christine Walsh and Ed Wilson, the airplane performed tests on flight controls, systems and handling qualities. "The 737 Max team continues to fire on all cylinders," said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager, 737 Max program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Each new milestone we meet builds knowledge and experience that gets leveraged to keep the program moving forward on track." The 737 Max 9 is the second member of Boeing's industry leading 737 Max family, with a Maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles.  The 737 Max is powered by CFM International LEAP-1B engines. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, 737, Test Flight. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Talk Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video and Podcast Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech Show More Travel News BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbusâ€™ BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotel Projects Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs for February Executive Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana to Codeshare Pegipegi Completes Integration with eRevMax Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Rugby Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site in Texas for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin, China SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo, Sri Lanka Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji in June SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting American Express Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April IHG Opens First Holiday Inn Hotel in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Airport Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of Hong Kong Rugby Sevens 2017 Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Talk Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video and Podcast Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbus' BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotels Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs Exec Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Codeshare Pegipegi Completes eRevMax Integration Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices SpaceX is launching a spy satellite for the US government Quartz Tim Fernholz 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Book and movie deals for Marine A - as he considers life on civvie street Theresa May vows to protect pensions © Provided by Quartz U.S. President Barack Obama (C) and Head of SpaceX Elon Musk (R) tour Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida, April 15, 2010. Elon Musk got his first taste of what goes into a top-secret space mission back in 2006, when his company SpaceX was experimenting with a new rocket at a US Air Force base. For fear that the space startup’s work would disturb efforts by competitors Boeing and Lockheed Martin to launch a secret satellite at the same site, the Air Force kicked SpaceX out. Musk’s group decamped to the Kwajalein Atoll, located thousands of miles away in the Pacific’s Marshall Islands, where in 2008 the team would fly its first successful mission. Now, almost a decade later, the company comes full circle. SpaceX is scheduled to launch its first top-secret payload for the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), in a launch window opening at 7am EDT on April 30. The NRO operates Earth-observation satellites funneling information on North Korea’s nuclear program, China’s island-building in the South China Sea, and other activities of interest to US officials. Spy satellites are big business. While the details around these launches are highly-classified—SpaceX’s contract with the NRO was a secret for almost three years after it was awarded, and the cargo, known as NROL-76, remains a mystery to the public—the launches are estimated to cost around $100 million each. NRO has launched 25 satellites since 2006, all of them on rockets built by the United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin that held a monopoly on US rocket launches until SpaceX came along. To fly classified satellites, SpaceX had to go through an onerous certification process and even sue the US Air Force in a dispute over whether bidding on a package of launches was truly competitive. After a sealed settlement, SpaceX submitted winning bids for two Air Force contracts, including a next-generation GPS satellite. This will be the company’s first flight exclusively for a US security agency. Unlike the rocket used in its most recent launch, the Falcon 9 rocket SpaceX will use on this mission is factory fresh. That’s because the company, which predicates its business model on rocket reusability, has yet to win over defense officials on employing used boosters to fly national security satellites—although the idea of cheaper access to space is clearly appealing, if a bit terrifying. SpaceX is planning on flying the first stage of the rocket back to Cape Canaveral for use on a future mission. While SpaceX and ULA now have an effective duopoly over American military and intelligence work in space, they aren’t likely to be alone in a few years. Blue Origin, the space company that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is funding to the tune of $1 billion a year, revealed this week it is working to certify its forthcoming reusable rocket, called New Glenn, to fly national security satellites. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Quartz What it would take to pull the US into a war in Asia Quartz For Africa, Trump has been heavy on muscle but light on compassion Quartz Elon Musk made a stealth visit to China this week Quartz Quartz View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Tue, 18 April 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Silk Way has ordered 10 Boeing 737 MAX 8 airplanes. The order is valued at US$1.1 billion at current list prices. The Azerbaijan-based Silk Way Group includes 23 companies working in the aviation industry and related services including passenger and cargo airlines. The airline currently operates eight Boeing airplanes, including two 767-300 Freighters, three 747-400 Freighters and three 747-8 Freighters (pictured). "Silk Way’s success and profitability is a direct result of investing in its fleet and services and growing its regional and international footprint," said Zaur Akhundov, president, Silk Way Group of Companies. "I am confident we will maintain our rate of growth, supported by 10 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 airplanes." The 737 MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200. The aircraft is powered by CFM International LEAP-1B engines. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, Silk Way, Azerbaijan. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Talk Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video and Podcast Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech Show More Travel News BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbusâ€™ BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotel Projects Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs for February Executive Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana to Codeshare Pegipegi Completes Integration with eRevMax Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Rugby Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site in Texas for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin, China SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo, Sri Lanka Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji in June SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting American Express Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April IHG Opens First Holiday Inn Hotel in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Airport Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of Hong Kong Rugby Sevens 2017 Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Talk Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video and Podcast Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP US Hotels Report Q1 Increase in RevPAR Virgin America Takes Delivery of Airbus' First A321neo Honeywell's Integrated Multi-Mode Receiver Receives FAA Cert Dusit Signs First Hotel in Bangladesh Melia Opens Innside Yogyakarta London Home to Brand New Novotel Hotel Movenpick Signs Third Hotel in Pakistan AirAsia Acquires 50% Stake in Touristly HNA Donates RMB300,000 to HK's SHTM Phoenix Hotels Report Highest Revenue Boost During NCAA Final Four Warburton to Captain British & Irish Lions Etihad and Diehl Aerosystems to Create 3D-Printed Parts Emma Dupont Joins Zaplox as Sales Director USA Dusit Hotels to Accept WeChat Pay Amadeus to Offer OTAs Visual Website Optimizer Hilton Appoints President Greater China and Mongolia Conrad Koh Samui Appoints GM Two Shilla Stay Hotels Open in South Korea Qatar Airways and IATA Resolution 753 Malaysia Airlines to Get 100% Global Flight Tracking Hampton by Hilton London Docklands Appoints GM FlySafair Enhances Distribution with Hahn Air 137 Pillars Suites Bangkok Appoints GM Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbus' BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotels Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs Exec Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Codeshare Pegipegi Completes eRevMax Integration Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Top Speed Race: Russia and US Developing Advanced Next-Gen Helicopters © Sputnik/ Pavel Lisitcin Military & Intelligence 16:32 29.04.2017Get short URL 64739320 Defense contractors Boeing and Sikorsky Aircraft recently unveiled a CGI video of the SB-1 next-generation high-speed helicopter under development as part of the Future Vertical Lift (FVL) program. Similar projects have been in the works in Russia, primarily at the Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant and Kamov Design Bureau. Analysts say that such weapons systems will be essential in combat operations against near peer competitors. "Helicopters are extremely vulnerable against advanced air defense systems," Russian military analyst Dmitry Drozdenko told Sputnik. "This is why speed has become a critical factor. The sooner a helicopter reaches an intended area of operations, carries out an airstrike or collects service personnel, the more chances it has to survive." © Wikipedia/ WhisperToMe China-Russia Deal on Heavy-Lift Helicopter 99% Complete - Foreign MinistryDrozdenko, deputy editor-in-chief of the Russian military magazine Arsenal Otechestva, described Russia as one of the leading nations when it comes to manufacturing helicopters, saying that the country has all the necessary technologies. In particular, Russia has tested a 'flying laboratory' developed on the basis of the Mil Mi-24 helicopter. The military hardware was outfitted with brand new blades, with their aerodynamics being key for speed," he said. This advanced Mi-24 derivative, formally known as Mi-PSV, was created under a program known as future high speed helicopter. The rotorcraft made its maiden flight on December 29, 2015, with test pilots praising its steadiness, control performance and dynamic characteristics. © Sputnik/ Anton Denisov Ka-226 May Serve as Base for 1st Russian Unmanned HelicopterThe experimental helicopter was built specifically to conduct research into high-speed flight. In August 2015, the Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant displayed a prototype of the Russian Advanced Commercial Helicopter (RACHEL) at the MAKS air show. The advanced high-speed rotorcraft is said to be capable of carrying up to 24 passengers or 2.5 tons of cargo, flying at a maximum speed of 500 km/h (310 mph). In addition, the company has reportedly been working on the Mi-1X project, a new generation of middle-class helicopters capable of accelerating to 520 km/h (312 mph). The helicopter is designed to carry up to 25 passengers and cover a maximum distance of 1,500 kilometers (932 miles). CC BY 4.0 / Vitaly V. Kuzmin / Model of Kamov Ka-92 helicopter © Sputnik/ Nikolay Hiznyak Can Serbia Become a Regional Center for the Repair of Russian Mi Helicopters?The Kamov Ka-92 is the main competitor of the Mi-1X project, with both programs vying for a $1.3 billion defense contract awarded by the Russian government. The helicopter is said to be capable of carrying up to 30 passengers and fly at a maximum distance of 1,400 kilometers (870 miles) with the cruising speed of 430 km/h (270 mph). According to earlier reports, a prototype of the Ka-92 could make its maiden flight in 2018. The Future Vertical Lift program launched in 2004 is meant to offer a replacement for the US Army's UH-60 Black Hawk, AH-64 Apache, CH-47 Chinook, and OH-58 Kiowa helicopters. Two main competitors include the SB>1 Defiant, jointly produced by Sikorsky Aircraft and Boeing, and the Bell V-280 Valor being developed by Bell Helicopter and Lockheed Martin. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 320 Related: Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' Russia to Modernize D-10 Parachute for Ratnik Uniform Kit in 2018 Russian Airborne Troops to Receive Kornet-D1 Combat Missile Systems in 2 Years Russia's New Supercarrier Isn't Being Built to Engage in Muscle-Flexing With US Tags: military technology, helicopter, Ka-92, Mi-1X, Russian Advanced Commercial Helicopter (RACHEL), Mi-PSV, Mi-24, United States, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Series of Tornadoes in Texas Claim Lives of Five People, Injure Over 50 09:17Russia, China See Diplomacy as Only Solution of North Korean Crisis – Ambassador 08:01Over 40% French Believe Neither Macron Nor Le Pen Able to Unite Country – Poll 07:16Trump Discusses North Korean 'Threat' With Philippine President Duterte 06:32ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l ObligationsAll news Russia's Clear Signal to US: Think Twice Before Using Your Nukes 23116 PAK DA: Russian Defense Ministry Reveals When New Stealth Bomber Will Fly 20439 Germany's Migrant Crisis: 'By 2060 There Will Be No Germany as We Know It' 17701 Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 12898 China Regrets Propaganda Poster of Russian MiGs, US Combat Vessels 10528All news Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 42 US Pacific Commander: Pyongyang’s Actions Could Justify Invasion of North Korea 41 Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' 35 Syria Confirms Israeli Missile Attacks Near Damascus Int'l Airport - Reports 34 What’s Next for Iran-Russia Military Cooperation After Delivery of S-300? 29All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Night Rehearsal of the Victory Day Military Parade in Moscow Macron the Media Bouncer Yakovlev Yak-130 Light Attack and Training Aircraft News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SHH! SpaceX is launching a spy satellite for the US government Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business April 29, 2017 Musk has been working on this sale for almost a decade. (Reuters/Jim Young) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business April 29, 2017 Elon Musk got his first taste of what goes into a top-secret space mission back in 2006, when his company SpaceX was experimenting with a new rocket at a US Air Force base. For fear that the space startup’s work would disturb efforts by competitors Boeing and Lockheed Martin to launch a secret satellite at the same site, the Air Force kicked SpaceX out. Musk’s group decamped to the Kwajalein Atoll, located thousands of miles away in the Pacific’s Marshall Islands, where in 2008 the team would fly its first successful mission. Now, almost a decade later, the company comes full circle. SpaceX is scheduled to launch its first top-secret payload for the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), in a launch window opening at 7am EDT on April 30. The NRO operates Earth-observation satellites funneling information on North Korea’s nuclear program, China’s island-building in the South China Sea, and other activities of interest to US officials. Spy satellites are big business. While the details around these launches are highly-classified—SpaceX’s contract with the NRO was a secret for almost three years after it was awarded, and the cargo, known as NROL-76, remains a mystery to the public—the launches are estimated to cost around $100 million each. NRO has launched 25 satellites since 2006, all of them on rockets built by the United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin that held a monopoly on US rocket launches until SpaceX came along. To fly classified satellites, SpaceX had to go through an onerous certification process and even sue the US Air Force in a dispute over whether bidding on a package of launches was truly competitive. After a sealed settlement, SpaceX submitted winning bids for two Air Force contracts, including a next-generation GPS satellite. This will be the company’s first flight exclusively for a US security agency. Unlike the rocket used in its most recent launch, the Falcon 9 rocket SpaceX will use on this mission is factory fresh. That’s because the company, which predicates its business model on rocket reusability, has yet to win over defense officials on employing used boosters to fly national security satellites—although the idea of cheaper access to space is clearly appealing, if a bit terrifying. SpaceX is planning on flying the first stage of the rocket back to Cape Canaveral for use on a future mission. While SpaceX and ULA now have an effective duopoly over American military and intelligence work in space, they aren’t likely to be alone in a few years. Blue Origin, the space company that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is funding to the tune of $1 billion a year, revealed this week it is working to certify its forthcoming reusable rocket, called New Glenn, to fly national security satellites. Most Popular The world’s most famous man gave a TED talk and many in the audience didn’t know who he was Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Breaking News Trump celebrates first 100 days as president, blasts media South Korea says U.S. reaffirms it will pay THAAD costs; joint drills wrap up Five killed in Texas tornadoes; rains, winds lash US midsection: media ASEAN gives Beijing a pass on South China Sea dispute, cites 'improving cooperation' Trump invites Philippines' Duterte to Washington, White House says 25 years after Los Angeles riots, progress and distrust live side by side Merkel's conservatives widen lead to 7 points 5 months before German vote French presidential hopeful Le Pen names nationalist as prime minister Turkey fires 3,900 in second post-referendum purge EU sets Britain tough divorce terms, slams budget veto Sun 30 Apr 2017 - 3 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Boeing seeks US anti-dumping probe against Bombardier jet Boeing seeks US anti-dumping probe against Bombardier jet Friday 28th, April 2017 / 19:20 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON/NEW YORK: Boeing Co on Thursday asked the US Commerce Department to investigate alleged subsidies and unfair pricing for Canadian plane maker Bombardier’s new CSeries airplane, adding to growing trade tensions between the United States and Canada. The petition against Canada’s new competitor to the Boeing 737 aircraft came just days after the Commerce Department imposed duties averaging 20 per cent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product’s origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. On Wednesday, US President Donald Trump told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto that he intended to begin renegotiating the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement, after White House officials said Trump had been considering an order to withdraw from the pact. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta Air Lines Inc after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an “absurdly low” $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. “Propelled by massive, supply creating and illegal government subsidies, Bombardier Inc has embarked on an aggressive campaign to dump its CSeries aircraft in the United States,” Boeing said in its petition. Boeing’s similarly sized 737-700 model has a list price of $83.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 per cent to 50 per cent in the industry. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries programme would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. Quebec Economy Minister Dominique Anglade said in a statement that her government would defend “the commercial partnership concluded with Bombardier” for a $1 billion injection in the CSeries. Boeing also took a shot at European rival Airbus SE, which it accuses of benefiting from similar “unfair” government subsidies in a long-running dispute before the World Trade Organization. Bombardier is “taking a page out of the Airbus strategy book” by trying to muscle into the US market with cut-rate pricing, Boeing charged. A Commerce Department spokesman said the petition would be given “a thorough review” and further comment was premature. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has taken action in recent weeks to protect the US steel and aluminium industries from foreign competition, launching national security investigations that could lead to import restrictions. An investigation could lead to duties on the Bombardier aircraft to offset any below-cost pricing or any subsidies deemed unfair. In a statement, Canada’s government objected to Boeing’s allegations and noted that the CSeries has many US suppliers, including for engines, and supports thousands of US jobs. “The Government of Canada will mount a vigorous defence against these allegations and stand up for aerospace jobs on both sides of the border,” it said in the statement.— Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Royal Bank of Scotland rebounds into slender Q1 profit Oil rebounds from one-month low on hopes for output cut extension → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Adam-Thamrait road back in focus Majlis to host Sajwani on May 3 and 4 Chemical weapons are used 45 times in Syria President Trump marks tough first 100 days Read More ... Facebook Twitter 31 minutes agoWadi Al Sah’tin in Rustaq is known as the Mandus of Oman, is a place famous for its green orchards… /t.co/hmMrpUT9fe about 1 hour ago#Sultanate’s logistics sector to grow by 7 per cent /t.co/BEf9crmL4g /t.co/CAPkzpFqCh about 1 hour ago@fuzzysyed @UKinOman @OAMCmedia @omanair Photo for illustration purpose only Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS ISS investigation aims to identify unknown microbes in space by Jenny Howard for ISS Science News Houston TX (SPX) Apr 27, 2017 NASA astronaut Kate Rubins poses for a picture with the minION device during the first sample initialization run of the Biomolecular Sequencer investigation. Image courtesy NASA. For a larger version of this image please go here. Building on the ability to sequence DNA in space and previous investigations, Genes in Space-3 is a collaboration to prepare, sequence and identify unknown organisms, entirely from space. When NASA astronaut Kate Rubins sequenced DNA aboard the International Space Station in 2016, it was a game changer. That first-ever sequencing of DNA in space was part of the Biomolecule Sequencer investigation. Although it's not as exciting as a science fiction movie may depict, the walls and surfaces of the space station do experience microbial growth from time to time. Currently, the only way to identify contaminants is to take a sample and send it back to Earth. "We have had contamination in parts of the station where fungi was seen growing or biomaterial has been pulled out of a clogged waterline, but we have no idea what it is until the sample gets back down to the lab," said Sarah Wallace, NASA microbiologist and the project's principal investigator at the agency's Johnson Space Center in Houston. "On the ISS, we can regularly resupply disinfectants, but as we move beyond low-Earth orbit where the ability for resupply is less frequent, knowing what to disinfect or not becomes very important," said Wallace. Developed in partnership by NASA's Johnson Space Center and Boeing, this ISS National Lab sponsored investigation will marry two pieces of existing spaceflight technology, miniPCR and the MinION, to change that process, allowing for the first unknown biological samples to be prepared, sequenced and then identified in space. The miniPCR (polymerase chain reaction) device was first used aboard the station during the Genes in Space-1, and, soon to be Genes in Space-2 investigations, student-designed experiments in the Genes in Space program. Genes in Space-1 successfully demonstrated the device could be used in microgravity to amplify DNA, a process used to create thousands of copies of specific sections of DNA. The second investigation arrived at the space station on April 22, and will be tested this summer. Next came the Biomolecule Sequencer investigation, which successfully tested the MinION's ability to sequence strands of Earth-prepared DNA in an orbiting laboratory. "What the coupling of these different devices is doing is allowing us to take the lab to the samples, instead of us having to bring the samples to the lab," said Aaron Burton, NASA biochemist and Genes in Space-3 co-investigator. Crew members will collect a sample from within the space station to be cultured aboard the orbiting laboratory. The sample will then be prepared for sequencing, in a process similar to the one used during the Genes in Space-1 investigation, using the miniPCR and finally, sequenced and identified using the MinION device. "The ISS is very clean," said Sarah Stahl, microbiologist and project scientist. "We find a lot of human-associated microorganisms - a lot of common bacteria such as Staphylococcus and Bacillus and different types of familiar fungi like Aspergillus and Penicillium." In addition to identifying microbes in space, this technology could be used to diagnose crew member wounds or illnesses in real time, help identify DNA-based life on other planets and help with other investigations aboard the station. "The Genes in Space-3 process will increase the scientific capacity of the ISS by facilitating state-of-the-art molecular biology research for both current and next generation ISS researchers," said Kristen John, NASA aerospace engineer and Genes in Space-3 project engineer. "The team has put a strong focus on generating a spaceflight-certified catalog of general laboratory items and reagents, and developing common methods and easily customizable reaction conditions for miniPCR and the MinION to enable other ISS researchers to use this technology." This process will give scientists on the ground real-time access to the experiments going on in space, allowing for more accuracy and a more efficient use of the time on the space station. "If you could get a snapshot of the molecular signatures of your research as it was occurring on the ISS, how would you change your experiment?" said Wallace. "Would you change your time points? Provide a different nutrient? Alter growth conditions? You can imagine how, if you had that data, you could adjust your experiment to enhance the insight being gained." Closer to home, this process can be used to provide real-time diagnosis of viruses in areas of the world where access to a laboratory may not be possible. Tweet In experiments on Earth, testing possible building blocks of alien life Chicago IL (SPX) Apr 25, 2017 Scientists are attempting to identify the amino acids--building blocks that make proteins and support all life on Earth--that might feasibly form the basis of extraterrestrial life. The researchers have analyzed how an assortment of 15 amino acids, some found here on Earth in living organisms and some not found in living organisms on Earth, hold up in the face of extreme conditions found on othe ... read more Related Links Center for the Advancement of Science in Space Lands Beyond Beyond - extra solar planets - news and science Life Beyond Earth Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google NASA spacesuits over budget, tight on timeline: audit AGU journal commentaries highlight importance of Earth and space science research 'Better you than me,' Trump tells record-breaking astronaut Lunar, Martian Greenhouses Designed to Mimic Those on Earth New Russian Medium-Class Carrier Rocket Could Compete With SpaceX's Falcon RSC Energia, Boeing Hammer Out a Deal on Sea Launch Project India seeks status as a major space power with more satellite launches India to Launch Carrier Rocket With Higher Payload Capacity in May How Old are Martian Gullies Opportunity Nears 'Perseverance Valley' Engineers investigate simple, no-bake recipe to make bricks on Mars SwRI-led team discovers lull in Mars' giant impact history China courts international coalition set up to promote space cooperation China's cargo spacecraft completes in-orbit refueling Commentary: Innovation drives China's space exploration Macao marks 2nd China Space Day with astronaut sharing space experience ViaSat-2 Satellite to Launch on June 1 Arianespace, Intelsat and SKY Perfect JSAT sign a new Launch Services Agreement, for Horizons 3e ESA boosting its Argentine link with deep space Airbus and Intelsat team up for more capacity Berkeley Lab scientists discover new atomically layered, thin magnet Augmented reality increases maintenance reliability at a space station Finding order and structure in the atomic chaos where materials meet Penn researchers quantify the changes that lightning inspires in rock ISS investigation aims to identify unknown microbes in space 'Iceball' Planet Discovered Through Microlensing 'On Verge of Most Profound Discovery Ever,' NASA Tells US Congress What can we learn from dinosaur proteins ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Nap Time for New Horizons Hubble spots auroras on Uranus Cold' Great Spot discovered on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search SpaceX to Make First Military Launch Sunday Carrying Classified Payload © East News/ AP Photo/Terry Renna Tech 03:45 30.04.2017(updated 08:32 30.04.2017) Get short URL 384005 SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch on Sunday, when it will carry a classified payload for a US agency that designs, builds and operates spy satellites. The payload is from the National Reconnaissance Office, and is called NROL-76, Phys.org reports. A new Falcon 9 rocket carrying the mysterious cargo is set to take off sometime between 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. from Cape Canaveral, Florida. © REUTERS/ Mike Brown Falcon 9 Rocket Launched With EchoStar 23 Satellite After Postponement - SpaceX No other details on the size of the load, where it will be delivered or what it will do have been released. The NRO describes itself as the US's "eyes and ears" on its website. The company, owned by tech entrepreneur Elon Musk, is scheduled to launch GPS satellites into orbit for the US Air Force sometime in 2018, after a fight to win government contracts that included filing suit against the government for the right to compete for such deals. The US military had previously only used United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, Phys.org points out. NASA, however, has used SpaceX to help resupply the International Space Station nine times since 2012. Only minutes after the launch, the 14-story first stage of SpaceX's rocket will power on and make a controlled landing at the same space center. SpaceX is attempting to make much of the hardware for space exploration reusable, and has so far landed rockets on solid ground successfully several times. © REUTERS/ Mike Brown Recycled Rocket Ready for Liftoff: SpaceX Set to Make 'Quite a Bit of History' The launch on Sunday will be the first since SpaceX's historic launch of a reused Falcon 9 booster at the end of March. That launch, which put into orbit a satellite for Luxembourg-based SES, was the first time a booster rocket had been sent successfully back into space, The Verge reports. That particular rocket had been launched and had come back home in April 2016. Tomorrow's launch will use a new rocket, however. Creating workable reusable rockets is crucial to a sustainable space program: CNN Money reports that the first stage of a Falcon 9 rocket represents about 70 percent of the roughly $62 million price tag for the device. SpaceX is planning six or more used rocket missions this year. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 05 Related: Space X Falcon 9's Recycled First Stage Lands on Drone Ship After Launch Falcon 9 Rocket Launched With EchoStar 23 Satellite After Postponement - SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket With Thaicom 8 Satellite Launched From Cape Canaveral Tags: payload, classified, spy satellite, spy, satellite, Falcon 9, US National Reconnaissance Office, SpaceX, Elon Musk TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Series of Tornadoes in Texas Claim Lives of Five People, Injure Over 50 09:17Russia, China See Diplomacy as Only Solution of North Korean Crisis – Ambassador 08:01Over 40% French Believe Neither Macron Nor Le Pen Able to Unite Country – Poll 07:16Trump Discusses North Korean 'Threat' With Philippine President Duterte 06:32ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l ObligationsAll news Russia's Clear Signal to US: Think Twice Before Using Your Nukes 23116 PAK DA: Russian Defense Ministry Reveals When New Stealth Bomber Will Fly 20439 Germany's Migrant Crisis: 'By 2060 There Will Be No Germany as We Know It' 17701 Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 12899 China Regrets Propaganda Poster of Russian MiGs, US Combat Vessels 10528All news Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 42 US Pacific Commander: Pyongyang’s Actions Could Justify Invasion of North Korea 41 Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' 35 Syria Confirms Israeli Missile Attacks Near Damascus Int'l Airport - Reports 34 What’s Next for Iran-Russia Military Cooperation After Delivery of S-300? 29All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Night Rehearsal of the Victory Day Military Parade in Moscow Macron the Media Bouncer Yakovlev Yak-130 Light Attack and Training Aircraft News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 10° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style UK World Nature Politics Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Home News UK US military aircraft designers asked by RAF where do we make a cuppa? US military aircraft designers asked by RAF where do we make a cuppa? ITS American designers thought they were giving the Ministry of Defence the ultimate, state of the art long-range patrol aircraft. By Marco Giannangeli PUBLISHED: PUBLISHED: 00:01, Sun, Apr 30, 2017 GETTYUS designers of a state-of-the-art long-range patrol aircraft forgot Britain's secret weapon But they forgot about the secret weapon that has fuelled Britain’s armed forces to victory for centuries -  the humble cup of tea. When RAF pilots tested the new Poseidon P8 maritime patrol aircraft, executives at Boeing had every reason to be confident. The “Russian sub-buster” will once again allow Britain to protect its nuclear submarines by scouring the water for unwanted intruders.  However Ft Lt Mark Hume, the first RAF pilot to complete the pilots' course at the US Navy Air Station at Jacksonville, noticed a glaring omission among the banks of sophisticated equipment the line the inside of the modified 737. Related articles HMS Audacious: Royal Navy's nuclear submarine first trip in waters Submarine used by crack soldiers moves in on Kim Jong-un And he didn't hold back when asked about his experience by the RAF’s official newspaper. “There are no on-board rations, so I do miss a good old fashioned cup of tea and doughnut when I'm in the cruise (a long mission)” he said. Boeing was listening, with RAF sources last night confirming that the aircraft manufacturer was examining ways to add a hot water boiler.  “I understand Boeing is looking into how RAF pilots and air crew can be accommodated when the Poseidon enters service,” said the source.  ALAMYThe new Poseidon P-8 Ft Lt Hume is a veteran of the Nimrod, the British-built maritime patrol aircraft that was unceremoniously scrapped during defence cuts in 2010 at a cost of £4bn. Because Nimrod crews regularly flew for 15 hours at a time without refuelling, the plane included a small kitchen galley. And the need to brew a cuppa wasn't limited to aircraft.  The Vessel Boiling Electric water heating system has been a feature of almost every major British fighting vehicle since the Second World War, when it was developed to enable tank crews to brew a cup of tea without leaving their vehicles. Today updated versions are included in Challenger 2 tanks, MAN trucks, and Warrior, Warthog, Mastiff, Jackal and Foxhound armoured fighting vehicles. GETTYBoeing is examining ways to add a hot water boiler Last night former Nimrod crewman Frank James said Boeing had blundered by not giving crews the ability of making hot drinks during long flights. “All the Nimrod variants included a small galley, and we were grateful for it’, said Frank, 69, a 40-year-veteran of the British patrol aircraft. “I know that, to some, this might sound like an amusing story but there's a serious aspect to it. From a safety point of view, it’s pretty critical that you keep the crew aware and awake.  “I think it’s extraordinary that our new US-made replacements won't have any facilities at all. That’s the price you pay when you buy off the shelf.  10 facts about Trident nuclear weapons Wed, July 20, 2016 As MPs vote to renew the UK's Trident weapons system, we look at the facts about the nuclear weapon. Play slideshow PA 1 of 10 The UK's Vanguard fleet of four submarines carrying Trident nuclear missiles are due to become obsolete by the end of 2020 “We would fly for 15 hours at a time and, frankly, a hot cup of tea and coffee would be a real help in keeping alert and refreshed. “The Poseidon P8 won't be compatible with RAF air-to-air refuellers but I know the RAF intends to ask the Americans to help us with this. With only nine P8s being ordered, it’s an important force multiplayer. But it means crews could potentially be in the air for much longer.” The desire to be able to brew a cup of tea is a “quintessentially British” quirk, said Justin Bronk, combat power specialist for the Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “It’s something Britain has always felt to be important, though this need isn’t shared by the US and Nato counterparts,” he said. GETTYThe plane will once again allow Britain to protect its nuclear submarines The arrival of nine P8s in 2020, at a cost of £3bn,  will finally spell the end of ten years in which the UK has had to rely on US and Nato allies to be Britain’s eyes and ears,  “The P8’s main purpose is to protect our nuclear deterrent. It’s essential,” he said. “Whenever one of our Vanguard submarines leaves port, it needs to be ‘deloused’ – that means we need to detect any lose any Russian submarines which are waiting near Faslane to pick it up and shadow it. It’s been very difficult without our own Maritime Patrol Aircraft. Russian attack submarines can move very quickly.  “The P8 will drop a series of acoustic listening buoys over a very large area at sea, forming a grid that will allow a Trident-carrying submarine to avoid unwanted attention.” Related articles WW3 FEARS: North Korea to complete lethal nuclear submarine missile... Trump’s LARGEST nuclear sub arrives in South Korea Russian Navy reveals world's BIGGEST nuclear submarine Most read in UK 1 Is Kate PREGNANT? Flurry of bets over a Royal baby announcement 2 WORLD EXCLUSIVE: Prime suspect in Madeleine McCann case is a WOMAN 3 Romania delivers SHOCK DEMAND: Give our nationals British citizenship or NO Brexit deal 4 Bye-bye Sturgeon? Tide turns against SNP as voters take aim for 'weaponising Brexit' 5 BREXIT SHOCK: Claims May faces ANOTHER referendum on final EU deal WORLD EXCLUSIVE: Prime suspect in Madeleine McCann case is a WOMAN Theresa May REJECTS Sturgeon's bid for another referendum if SNP win election in Scotland Food blogger Jack Monroe to stand in General Election after 'donation' from Katie Hopkins Rachel Johnson set to follow brother Boris as 'Lib Dems urge her to run for LONDON MAYOR' ‘She's on borrowed time’ Tory MPs 'seek to OUST Justice Secretary Liz Truss post-election' Theresa May BRANDS Corbyn ‘weak, unstable, nonsensical & floundering’ as election looms Parents facing school gate BAN over playground disputes Theresa May ensures Scotland and the UK 'flourish together' Lawyers launch campaign to stop ‘unjustified’ surgery BREXIT SHOCK: Claims May faces ANOTHER referendum on final EU deal Bye-bye Sturgeon? Tide turns against SNP as voters take aim for 'weaponising Brexit' Latest videos ‘Merkel BLOCKED Macron from helping resolve Greece’s financial crisis’, ex-minister says Why Arsenal can beat Tottenham in the north London derby - Jermaine Jenas Everton star has a point to prove to Antonio Conte and Chelsea - pundit Man United star said to have annoyed Jose Mourinho after this incident Holocaust survivor takes Nazi soldier's granddaughter as his LODGER Daily Express Is Kate PREGNANT? Flurry of bets over a Royal baby announcement May urged to ‘avoid negotiating with Brussels AT ALL COSTS’ by ex-Greek finance minister Fijian national rugby team bow down to Prince Harry at annual grudge match EU promise to Northern Ireland over ‘United Ireland’ membership changes NOTHING ‘Nothing comes for free’ ANOTHER threat from EU chief as Britain prepares for Brexit Lloyds, Halifax and TSB customers all locked out of accounts in online banking chaos Two pints of BEER is BETTER for pain relief than paracetamol, claims study 'Playing GAMES with nationalist feelings' Former NI first minister FUMES at EU over Brexit Anger at BBC's NHS story after Tory-bashing nurse is revealed to be Labour activist STREET FIGHT: 'UKIP voter' left bloodied after clash with 'pro-Europe woman' Romania delivers DEMAND: Give our nationals British citizenship or NO Brexit deal 'HYPERBOLE' LBC host RIDICULES Vince Cable for predicting 'Hard Brexit apocalypse' Tensions rise as Spain sends warship into Gibraltan waters for THIRD TIME 'HARSH CONSEQUENCES' Gibraltar chief fires off WARNING to May against letting them down BREXIT BLOCK: Gina Miller 'to fund SNP and Lib Dem MPs in bid to stop Tory landslide' 'Ignore their NONSENSE' Iain Duncan Smith mocks Merkel and EU over threats towards Britain Man stabbed to death in broad daylight is sixth fatal London knife killing in six days 'It's like a prison' British couple who fled UK to join ISIS want to come home Britain’s armed forces face ‘£20BILLION funding crisis which may leave UK defence at risk' Why life is so sweet for Lord Sugar’s TV ‘reject’ EVIL cancer doctor 'could've wounded thousands' with UNNECESSARY operations Fears NHS could fall victim to cyber attack with DEVASTATING consequences 'Brexit put the fear of God into people' Europeans too scared to leave EU, says Irish MEP 'It's not JUST about Brexit!' Lib Dem MP says he CAN retain LEAVE-VOTING seat Flag waving Tory nationalists will DESTROY the UK after Brexit, rages Welsh leader To infinity and beyond: Call for changes to legislation paving way for UK space launches Peru Two mule Michaella McCollum jets out on ANOTHER holiday days after job centre visit Pensioner drowns himself after correctly diagnosing his own cancer Donald Tusk's Brexit ULTIMATUM: No negotiations until UK 'sorts out Ireland' EU to DEMAND Britain pays £292million bill - because of a 'BRUSSELS blunder' Labour branded ‘HYPOCRITES’ after blocking plan to crackdown on £8.6 billion tax avoidance Lesbian lovers broke into ex-girlfriend’s house and battered them in ‘love triangle’ feud 'My heart sank at arrest' says school friend of Whitehall terror suspect Khalid Ali Rage as postman who snatched water pistol from child has been BANNED from delivering Wedding day rape ‘monster’ is jailed for life ‘Ian Paterson is a psychopath, I hope he rots in hell’ blasts former patient Fury as new £5 note features MAJOR grammatical error ‘Most disturbing video yet’ Bully beats hits and KNEES girl in head before baying crowd 'She has no support' Scottish Tory DESTROYS Sturgeon's independence hopes 'Brexit is a SIN' Tim Farron mocked after Lib Dem leader sparked homsexuality row Remainer shuns Lib Dem election vote to 'GET ON WITH' Brexit instead Blue Whale 'game' horror as girl, 15, is rushed to hospital with injuries in Spain JAILED: Former Jackanory storyteller for sexually assaulting young boy 60 years ago Family of Jehovah's Witness mum who bled to death after son's birth win £870k compensation REVEALED: These are what Brits think are the most iconic people, songs and landmarks SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Sunday, 30th April 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Nature Politics Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Tennis Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Money FG designates Air Peace for six foreign routes Published April 28, 2017April 29, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Air Peace Maureen Ihua-Maduenyi Air Peace says it has been designated by the Federal Government to operate flight services to seven international destinations. The airline said based on this, it had concluded plans to acquire more aircraft, including Boeing 777s, to beef up its fleet and service its long-haul routes. “The airline, which launched its regional operations with its maiden flight to Accra, Ghana on February 16, 2017, has been designated by the Federal Government to fly into Johannesburg, London, Atlanta, Mumbai, Dubai and Guangzhou,” the airline’s Corporate Communications Manager, Chris Iwarah, said in a statement on Thursday. Iwarah said the airline had commenced Boeing 777 training for its pilots in preparation for the international flights. He added, “Air Peace has given its plan to launch itself on the international route a big push with the training of four of its pilots in the handling of Boeing 777 aircraft. The training, which took place at the Boeing Training Centre in the United Kingdom, was the first by any Nigerian airline.” Copyright PUNCH.                All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Share Tweet Pin it +1 Air Peace Air Peace resumes Abuja flights Wednesday Air Peace to begin London, Atlanta flights Air Peace aborts Abuja flight due to tyre loss Air Peace inaugurates Sokoto route March 1 Air Peace receives 12th aircraft, opens Lekki office Air Peace commences Lagos-Accra flight service Air Peace condemns attacks on employees Why we aborted Lagos-Abuja flight – Air Peace Trending Domestic violence: Mercy Aigbe’s battered face causes stir I’m living my dream in Serie A — Nwankwo US IRS raids Benny Hinn Ministries Goodluck Jonathan, the accused trying the judge in his own courtroom We’ll convince Kanu to embrace restructuring, says Ohanaeze Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz What Comes After the F-35 Could Revolutionize Warfare Forever Kris Osborn April 29, 2017 TweetShareShare It is also possible that the new 6th-generation fighter could use advanced, futuristic stealth technology able to enable newer, more capable air defenses. The air defenses of potential adversaries are increasingly using faster computing processing power and are better networked together, more digital, able to detect a wider range of frequencies and able to detect stealthy aircraft at farther distances. The new 6th-generation fighter will also likely fire lasers and have the ability to launch offensive electronic attacks. Fighter jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself. Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News. The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said. The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier. Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.” Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology. Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs. Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature. Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn Trump's Tough Talk Won't Work on North Korea It is unlikely that North Korea will just roll over and abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons. Charles V. Peña The North Korea Nightmare Continues The missile tests continue—and will likely accelerate. What should Washington do now?  Harry J. Kazianis Trump's Tax Plan Is an Outline, Not a Strategy Why Trump’s team spared us the details. W. James Antle III Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage U.S. stocks rally amid earnings, economic data 2017-04-29 16:20:16 GMT2017-04-30 00:20:16(Beijing Time) Xinhua English NEW YORK, April 29 (Xinhua) -- U.S. stocks posted solid gains for the last week of April, as investors mainly cheered over strong corporate earnings and economic reports. For the week, the blue-chip Dow rose 1.9 percent, and the broader S&P 500 gained 1.5 percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq increased 2.3 percent. A slew of tech companies reported first quarter earnings on Thursday after the closing bell. Google's parent company Alphabet reported first-quarter revenue of 24.75 billion U.S. dollars, up 22 percent year on year. Shares of Alphabet rose more than 4 percent by noon. Shares of Amazon rose nearly 2 percent at midday after the company reported diluted earnings per share of 1.48 dollars in the first quarter. Intel reported earnings per share of 0.61 dollar, up 45 percent year on year. The company's first-quarter revenue stood at 14.8 billion dollars, up 8 percent compared to the same period last year. Microsoft's first-quarter revenue stood at 22.1 billion dollars, while the company's net income reached 4.8 billion dollars. The Dow component Exxon Mobil announced Friday the estimated first quarter earnings of 4 billion dollars, or 0.95 dollar per diluted share, compared with 1.8 billion dollars a year earlier, exceeding market expectations. Chevron, also a Dow component, reported earnings of 2.7 billion dollars or 1.41 dollars per diluted share on Friday. Ford reported Thursday first quarter total company revenue was 39.1 billion U.S. dollars, up 4 percent year on year, driven by favorable mix. However, profit fell year-on-year due to higher costs, lower volume and unfavorable exchange rates. American Airlines reported first-quarter earnings of 0.46 dollar per diluted share, and a 2-percent increase in total revenue, to 9.6 billion dollars. Dow component Boeing reported its first-quarter earnings before the Wednesday's opening bell. The company's earnings per share increased to 2.34 U.S. dollars while the revenue decreased to 21.0 billion dollars. Shares of Twitter ended at 15.82 dollars per share on Wednesday, soared 7.91 percent, after it reported better-than-expected earnings after several quarters of disappointing results. Caterpillar reported first-quarter earnings and revenue on Tuesday that far exceeded Wall Street's expectations, sending shares 7 percent higher in early trading. Excluding restructuring costs, the company reported first-quarter profit of 1.28 dollars per share, doubling that of the first quarter last year. Shares of DuPont rallied over three percent in early trading, Tuesday after it reported a better-than-expected profit for the seventh straight quarter, helped by a rise in seed sales. The company's first-quarter earnings per share increased 9 percent to 1.52 dollars from 1.39 dollars in prior year. McDonald's also reported higher first-quarter earnings Tuesday with net income of 1.2 billion dollars, up eight percent from a year ago. On the economic front, the U.S. real gross domestic product increased at an annual rate of 0.7 percent in the first quarter, the weakest pace in three years, according to the "advance" estimate released by the Commerce Department Friday. U.S. new orders for manufactured durable goods in March increased 1.6 billion dollars, or 0.7 percent, to 238.7 billion dollars, the U.S. Census Bureau announced Thursday. In a separate report, the bureau said the international trade deficit was 64.8 billion dollars in March, up 0.9 billion dollars from 63.9 billion dollars in February. In the week ending April 22, the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 257,000, an increase of 14,000 from the previous week's revised level, according to the country's Department of Labor. The four-week moving average was 242,250, a decrease of 500 from the previous week's revised average. The previous week's average was revised down by 250 from 243,000 to 242,750. Sales of new single-family houses in March 2017 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 621,000, according to estimates released jointly by the U.S. Census Bureau and the Department of Housing and Urban Development on Tuesday. That was 5.8 percent above the revised February sales pace, and 15.6 percent higher than a year ago. The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index came in at 120.3 in April, down from 124.9 in March, below economists' expectations. Meanwhile, investors also kept a close eye on Trump administration's tax plan. The Trump administration on Wednesday unveiled the principles of the long-awaited tax reform plan that will significantly cut income taxes for Americans and corporates, ahead of the administration's first 100 days in office. The plan would reduce the number of personal income tax brackets to three from seven, and it would cut the top individual income tax rate to 35 percent from 39.6 percent, Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council (NEC), said at a press briefing at the White House. "We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to do something really big," Cohn said, noting President Donald Trump has made tax reform a priority and the Republican-controlled Congress also wants to get it done. At the same time, the plan would cut the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, and it would also impose a one-time tax on overseas profits of U.S. companies, according to U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. First China-Britain freight train arrives back in China Police dogs trained at training base in SW China Tourists tour streets in China's Hong Kong New ferris wheel put in use at Shijingshan Amusement Park in Beijing Models present creations at Vietnam Int'l Fashion Week South Koreans, religious figures protest against THAAD in Seoul Aerial views of overpasses in north China's Tianjin Night view of downtown Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Defense industry CEOs vent about ongoing budget mess in Washington Lockheed Martin's CEO says "a further lack of budget clarity could have longer-term consequences" Budget fallout already being felt with at least one major Army development program on hold Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Source: Createordie | Flickr F-35 Lightning II Congress' failure to reach a 2017 spending bill brought fresh headaches for major defense contractors who say uncertainty over Pentagon funding hurts their planning and could have consequences for military readiness. "There's a lot of frustration and uncertainty associated with the fact that we're now entering our eighth month of continuing resolution," said David Melcher, CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, which represents more than 300 companies in the aerospace and defense industry. Melcher said the defense industry depends on budgets to help them gauge how they're going to manage production and handle new programs that have been awarded by the Pentagon. Experts say Friday's passage of another short-term spending bill, a continuing resolution known as a CR, may keep the government open for another week, but the damage is already done. Indeed, he said an acquisition official for the U.S. Army disclosed this week that the development of a helicopter engine replacement for the Apache helicopter was put on hold since there's no funding for the development work. "All it would take to fix this is passing a budget," he said. The CR holds spending to prior-year enacted levels for the budget and stops any new programs that were previously not funded. "Nobody would run a business this way," said Melcher, a retired Army lieutenant general who worked in the Pentagon and later ran an aerospace/defense business. "One has to wonder why we run our nation's security apparatus this way." The CEOs of the nation's top defense contractors also vented this week on first-quarter earnings calls about the budget mess. Still, they remain generally upbeat about the outlook for U.S. defense spending and foreign military sales. "We're in, at this point, one of the longest-running CRs that I can remember, which is unfortunate," said Wesley Bush, Northrop Grumman's CEO on Wednesday. Added Bush, "It certainly does impact the timing of the customer's ability to get out there and actually make source selection decisions." Earlier this week, all five of the prime defense contractors reported first-quarter earnings that beat analysts' estimates. Northrop also increased its full-year 2017 earnings per share guidance range, but Lockheed Martin trimmed its EPS range. Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson spent a good portion of her earnings call Tuesday talking about the company's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft and its "unprecedented abilities." She noted that she expects about half of the orders made during the next five years to come from the international marketplace. In fact, Lockheed Martin won a $1.38 billion contract related to its F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, according to a Pentagon announcement made late Friday. While the company doesn't expect the CR to affect the F-35 program, Hewson expressed displeasure with the continued extension of the CR. "We feel a further lack of budget clarity could have longer-term consequences for our armed forces and our industry." Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg echoed that sentiment during his own conference call. "We're in the marketplace to compete, and we have opportunities, especially if the U.S. defense budget continues to strengthen," Muilenburg said. "But I will put that caveat on it: We need to see a long-term, stable, strong defense budget in the U.S." Still, Muilenburg said the company is "seeing the potential for fiscal year 2017 funding increases on numerous Boeing programs, including the Apache, the F-18 Super Hornet, P-8 Poseidon and the V-22 Osprey. International demand for our offerings remains high as well, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters, satellites and services." On Wednesday, Boeing reported earnings were above industry analysts' consensus, but its top-line disappointed. Boeing's defense, space and security division posted lower sales, and commercial aircraft deliveries declined from a year ago. Muilenburg also talked up the potential for the company's foreign military sales, which include selling Chinooks to Saudi Arabia, Apaches to the United Arab Emirates and P-8 Poseidon aircraft to Norway. "International interest in our fighters also continues to be strong, with the government of Canada releasing a letter of request for the sale of 18 F-18 Super Hornets," the Boeing CEO said. He also cited possible fighter sales to Qatar and Kuwait. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NOC ---
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Still the DJIA’s Best Performing Stock of 2017 By Paul Ausick April 29, 2017 9:29 am EDT Print Email Tweet Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) added $1.38 last week (nearly 1%), closing at $143.65 on Friday. The company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company’s stock is up 24.03% year to date, well above second-place Boeing’s 18.72% improvement. The share price peaked Tuesday afternoon at $144.90 and the low point for the week came Monday when shares touched $143.18. Apple is scheduled to report earnings after markets close next Tuesday. Analysts expect earnings per share of $2.02 and revenues of $52.97 billion. In the same period last year, Apple reported earnings per share of $1.90 and revenues of $50.56 billion. While no one expects Apple’s iPhone sales to be anywhere near the 78.3 million it sold in the holiday quarter, sales could rise to around 52 million in the company’s second fiscal quarter. Another item analysts and investors will be looking at is Apple’s services business. Sales rose 18% in the previous quarter to $7.2 billion and contributed $20 billion to 2016 revenues. That number should continue to grow. On the legal front, Apple upped the stakes in its battle with Qualcomm over royalty payments. On Friday the chipmaker said that Apple has indicated that it will not pay its iPhone suppliers for sales related to royalties in the first calendar quarter of 2017. Qualcomm also said that Apple intends to continue this cut-off until the dispute between the two companies is resolved. According to MacRumors, the loss of the royalty payments could total around $500 million in lost revenues for Qualcomm. Apple shares closed at $143.65 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $89.47 to $145.46. The consensus 12-month price target is $148.96 in a price target range of $104 to $185 per share. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What Analysts Are Saying After Amazon Hit an All-Time High Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In The World's 31 Mega-Cities States Where the Most People Have Green Cards America's 25 Dying Industries 26 National Monuments President Trump Wants to Shut Down Recent Apple Still the DJIA’s Best Performing Stock of 2017 What Analysts Are Saying After Amazon Hit an All-Time High Verizon Drops Further, Continues as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Analysts See These 5 Top Companies Beating Earnings Estimates Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search NVIDIA Is a Lot Bigger Than Self-Driving Cars OptionsHouse: A Review for Options Trading Why I Hope Shopify Inc Isn’t Profitable…For a While Nasdaq Composite finishes April up 2.3% S&P 500 index logs 0.9% April gain Dow industrials rises 1.3% for month of April China April manufacturing growth slows faster than expected South Korea already working on reducing trade surplus with U.S.: finance minister British PM May sets out plans to protect pensions during takeovers NVIDIA Is a Lot Bigger Than Self-Driving Cars The Latest: Trump attacks news media on night of dinner OptionsHouse: A Review for Options Trading Ultra-Chill Jimmy John's Employee Takes Sweet Time During Armed Robbery Thousands March In Washington, D.C. Heat To Demand Trump Act On Climate Change 44 Leaders, Legislators And Artists Sum Up Trump's First 100 Days Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices How Apple became the biggest winner of Donald Trump's first 100 days Fortune Jen Wieczner 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 20 hidden secrets of the $1 bill Counties where the American dream is dead Click to expand Replay Video The Trump rally, 100 days in Christine Romans breaks down how the stock market climb under Trump compares to past presidents. CNN Money Martha Stewart launches a wine company Martha Stewart's empire now includes wine. WSJ's Charles Passy and Tanya Rivero discuss Stewart's new wine company and take a sip from her collection. Photo: Martha Stewart Wine Co. The Wall Street Journal. FDA wants to delay food menu law It may be a while before you see calorie counts on the menus. Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Apple's journey to becoming the world's first trillion dollar company Fortune See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The Trump rally, 100 days in CNN Money2:06 Martha Stewart launches a wine company The Wall Street Journal.2:01 FDA wants to delay food menu law Veuer0:40 Drought conditions in America hit record low Veuer0:39 Judging yourself by your income could be unhealthy Newsy0:53 GM profit soars 33 percent Reuters1:14 Gold Darth Vader mask up for sale BBC News0:54 This mammoth structure keeps oil platforms afloat Business Insider1:08 Heineken ad attempts to bridge divides CNN Money1:45 Apple making big changes to how you charge your phone Wochit Business0:40 The future remains uncertain for the so-called 'Golden Visa' program CNBC0:55 United settles with passenger dragged off flight Newsy0:40 How long should you keep tax records? Kiplinger1:18 Starbucks is opening a luxury megastore Wochit Business0:35 A snail tale: molluscs making money for Nigeria Reuters1:46 A pile of snakes terrorizes Walmart shoppers Veuer0:44 UP NEXT The fate of Apple stock under President Trump was once considered something of a wild card. Apple CEO Tim Cook, after all, has clashed with Trump on everything from iPhone encryption to immigration, and was even reportedly on an early short list of potential running mates for Hillary Clinton. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 143.65 -0.14 -0.10% Boeing Co BA ▲ 184.83 +1.61 +0.88% Under Armour Inc UA ▼ 19.41 -0.41 -2.07% Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRK.A ▼ 247,780.00 -2,170.00 -0.87% But as Trump's first 100 days come to a close, one thing is clear: Apple stock is the biggest winner of his presidency so far. Apple shares have returned more than 20% since Trump entered the White House, making the tech company the best-performing stock in the Dow Jones industrial average during the first 100 days. Driving Apple's gains: a great quarterly earnings report, a tax climate that could be a boon for Apple shareholders, and the stock's growing reputation as a haven for dividend-conscious retirement investors. Apple stock has run up about four times as much as the market overall, even as the so-called Trump Bump created one of the best 100-day rallies for any president elected since World War II. Since Trump was elected in November, Apple has risen 29%, eclipsing the Dow's 14% return over that period-though Boeing just barely scraped ahead, with its shares up nearly 30%. Even though Apple shares sank after Trump announced an immigration ban from several predominantly Muslim countries in late January, the tech company reversed those losses the following day when it revealed in its earnings report that its new iPhone 7 was a hit, and that it sold more iPhones over the holiday season than Wall Street had expected. Trump's proposed policies, though still in flux, have also been a boon to Apple, whose CEO Cook has participated in the President's summits of business leaders. Most notably, Apple would be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Trump's promise to cut the corporate tax rate to 15%, which would allow the iPhone maker to potentially bring much of its massive overseas cash hoard back to the U.S. without taking a major hit from taxes. (On the flip side, Trump's tax reform plan has hurt other stocks like Under Armour, which was the market's worst performer in the first 100 days, in part due to fears that the President's suggested import tax could more than cancel out benefits of a rate cut.)© Photograph by Drew Angerer-Getty Images President-elect Donald Trump, Peter Thiel and Apple CEO Tim Cook (right), during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower, December 14, 2016 in New York City. Still, a flush few months for Apple's stock haven't stopped Cook from openly disagreeing with Trump's agenda, even going so far as to threaten to sue the administration over its immigration ban. It's not just Trump who has given Apple a boost in the last few months. Warren Buffett has been taking bigger and bigger bites of Apple stock lately, a bet that has paid off for the legendary Berkshire Hathaway investor in the form of profits in the range of hundreds of millions of dollars-and helped send Apple shares to new all-time highs. The octogenarian stock-picker, after all, has long loved dividend stocks, and Apple's 1.6% dividend yield (relatively high for a tech stock) has made it increasingly popular with yield-seeking investors, especially those planning for retirement. If tax reform, the Trump Bump and the next iPhone continue pushing the stock higher, retirees who bet their entire nest egg on Apple stock might not seem so crazy after all. This article was originally published on Fortune.com Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Fortune Your Next Gig: Taming Travis Kalanick? Fortune Yik Yak Officially Calls It Quits Fortune Airbnb Will Let California Screen Some Hosts For Racial Bias Fortune Fortune View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Watch movies and play games on the go! Deals on Xbox One games, starting at $9.99 Get a bird's-eye view! Drones start at $99.99 Long live the boombox! On sale $69.99 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Sun April 30, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Sun April 30, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Kulbhushan Yadavpanama leaksCPECRaddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Sun April 30, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Kulbhushan Yadav panama leaks CPEC Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Opinion OSCOmar S Cheema April 29, 2017 Share Advertisement The facts of going solar Part - I Information is the most valuable resource in any economy and, by the same token, misinformation can be most damaging. This article is a riposte to a recent column titled ‘The perks of going solar’ (published in these pages on March 15) and aims to clarify crucial facts about solar technology, its business economics as well as to correct any public misconceptions. Post-truth spin, fake news and alternative facts are deeply harmful when they encroach upon scientific and technical topics of public importance. Solar power is a topic of global importance. It is key to the future of human life on the planet and vital to the energy security of countries like Pakistan. Therefore, it is necessary to set the record straight. Before I highlight the omissions and inaccuracies in the article, let me briefly summarise why solar electricity is vital for Pakistan. First, the high levels of insolation and the vast tracts of unused barren land in every province are an ideal combination. Second, there is no need to import any fuel feedstock. Third, the production cost is fixed for a period of 25 years, since there is no volatility of fuel import prices. Fourth, the lifecycle production cost can compete with, if not beat, other sources, especially in a full economic costing. Fifth, there are no health hazards from pollutants. Sixth, unlike thermal power plants, it does not need the withdrawal and consumption of enormous amounts of freshwater to drive the steam turbine – a dangerously scarce resource for Pakistan. Seventh, the electronics interface can be used to provide better grid stability services than fuel-based power plants. Eighth, it involves a negligible technical risk, relatively simple operational maintenance and a highly predictable long-term output. Ninth, the daily output profile closely matches the daytime consumer demand pattern in the country. Tenth, large utility-scale plants can be commissioned in a matter of months rather than years. Now for the riposte. First, the article fails to recognise a basic difference between solar cells and modules when it talks about the efficiencies of mainstream silicon photovoltaic (PV) technology. Modules, not cells, are quoted in price to project developers and delivered for deployment in the arrays of commercial power plants. Module efficiencies are shown on the datasheets for standard testing and normal operating conditions. The cells are constituents of the modules, with higher efficiencies than the latter. Commercially available silicon PV modules have crossed power conversion efficiencies of 20 percent – well beyond cell efficiencies “between 14 percent and 18 percent”. This includes the Sunpower X-series, the Panasonic HIT heterojunctions and the JA Solar JAC MP6PA-4. Second, multi-junction cells may use a variety of materials, including the silicon and the III-V semiconductor family. To rank efficiencies, the irradiation condition of 1-Sun (1000 W per square metre) or concentrated sunlight (multiples of 1-Sun) must be specified to ensure like-for-like comparisons. The SpectroLab of Boeing holds the 1-Sun record for a multi-junction solar cell with a certified efficiency of 38.8 percent. The highest attained cell efficiency, with concentrated sunlight, is 46 percent by a Fraunhofer ISE-Soltec consortium. Third, and most importantly, there is no single cost figure – the “2.3 cents/kWh” repeatedly referred to – for PV electricity generation that can be universally applied as a site-independent benchmark at any time. The PV production cost figure-of-merit is bound to vary with the insolation, ambient temperature and other meteorological conditions for the project site, as well as the cost of financing capital. Let’s move on to rectify other misleading discourse. Cadmium telluride (used in the top tier modules of First Solar), amorphous silicon and micromorph silicon solar cells are not printed. Any such attempt has failed, at least for all practical commercial purposes. As for CIS/CIGS, a start-up called Nanosolar raised hundreds of millions of dollars to try and manufacture these thin-film solar cells in a roll-to-roll (R2R) printing process, but failed, went bankrupt. Ascent Solar has managed R2R for CIS/CIGS, but its impact has been mostly limited to the much smaller market of solar-charged consumer goods. Solar Frontier is the industry champion of the CIS/CIGS modules. Solar modules on flexible substrates have now been manufactured for both thin-film materials and mono/poly-crystalline silicon. It doesn’t have to be through R2R printing. The idea of ‘solar paints’ is essentially the same as that of printed solar cells, ie R2R module manufacturing from solution-processed materials. The leading semiconductor hope for this possibility is a subset of materials called perovskites, a direction pioneered by the prolific Prof Michael Graetzel at the EPFL, supported by Professor Mohammad Nazeeruddin and a host of global collaborators. The Pervoskite PV is distinct in several ways from the liquid-state dye-sensitised solar cells, which were earlier invented by Michael and Brian O’Regan. Perovskites are being combined in two-junction cells (aka tandems) with silicon or CIGS/CIS. The common idea is to capture a greater share of the incident solar spectrum without compromising power output. In a single junction cell, there is an inherent trade-off between voltage and current because of the single bandgap constraint. The recommended reading to understand the fundamentals of PV is Jenny Nelson’s Physics of Solar Cells, For information on CIS/CIGS, search the publications of Professor Tiwari or the projects of Solar Frontier. For crystalline silicon, read the works of Martin Green at University of New South Wales. Let’s fast-forward to the mention of solar thermal – also known as concentrated solar power (CSP) – in the context of large power plants, because it concentrates sunlight using a vast array of mirrors or lenses onto a thermal receiver. Concentrated light is first converted to heat and then electricity, so unlike PV it’s an indirect process. To say that CSP is “economically unviable” is again grossly misleading and seems oblivious of what is going on in the field. Last month, Chile ordered an additional 450 MW of CSP (a price of only 6.3 US cents/kWh) – hardly a sign of being “economically unviable” per se. PV is much more prevalent than CSP because the latter relies on direct normal irradiation (DNI), while the former uses both diffuse and direct sunlight. Apart from a high threshold DNI, CSP also has a greater water consumption requirement and lacks the simpler modular planning and faster deployment time of PV. The electricity produced by CSP is not as cheap as PV, but it can store energy (in the form of heat) to deliver power as an around-the-clock “dispatchable” source, ie an exact amount on demand. Not only are PV and CSP financially feasible on their own – with the respective advantages of low cost and energy storage – but they can also be merged in hybrid PV-CSP projects for a more potent economic contribution. To be continued   The writer is based in London and provides advisory services for renewable energy and energy efficiency ventures and projects worldwide. Email: [email protected]   Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Dawn Leaks report implementation: Army angry at order issued by govt Should I resign on your demand, go and play cricket? PM Another unfortunate day for Pakistan! Imran, Shahbaz common friends in Lahore deny role in hush money offer Dispensing justice a matter of life and death: CJP View more... see all opinions Opinion Omar S Cheema The facts of going solar Ghazi Salahuddin So much heat, no light Mohammad Waseem Who killed Mashal Khan? Farrukh Saleem Loadshedding Azal Zahir Forests and sustainability see all opinions Newspost Benefits of CPEC Height of injustice Voice of the majority Heatwave Expressway View more... see all opinions Editorial Leak upon leak? Not too far View more... see all opinions National Inside story of TTP-JA spokesman’s surrender Will Ehsanullah be punished for his sins or pardoned? US urges Pakistan to support government in Kabul Main accused admits firing at Mashal Career counselling: Questions and answers View more... see all opinions World World’s only Tiananmen museum returns to HK France will decide EU future in May 7 vote: Hollande 14 militants killed in Iraq Thai family buries baby murdered on Facebook Live N Korea fires missile, defying US push for new sanctions View more... see all opinions Sports Pakistan on the brink to record victory in Caribbean Pakistan juniors outclass NSW to clinch title PCB rejects Khalid Latif’s allegations Supergiant hand RCB a royal thrashing Federal Areas crowned Pakistan Cup champions View more... see all opinions Business FBR eyes Rs900bln in May-June to meet annual revenue collection target European Union adopts tough Brexit strategy First direct London-China train completes 12,000km run Customs achieves 10-month revenue collection target Govt to distribute 38,000MT certified cotton seeds View more... see all opinions Karachi Health department to purchase 200 dialysis machines High-rise blaze exposes ill-equipped fire department Couple get death sentence for minor’s murder Two years on, slain KU teacher Dr Waheed’s family still waiting for justice Police foil bank heist bid in Samanabad View more... see all opinions Lahore Old man killed by ‘brother, sister over property’ Jang Media Works expo pulls huge crowd on last day Ostrich farmers get Rs6.162m Teaching hospitals directed to evolve complaint system Valuables taken away View more... see all opinions Islamabad Low immunisation responsible for high child mortality ‘Milk mafia’ playing with the future of nation People are talking about — ‘May will remain pleasant with rain and cool breezes’ CDA suspends six employees on alleged involvement in water theft View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Northrop Grumman Navy, Air Force Are Exploring Concepts for a Next-Generation 6th Generation Fighter to Come After the F-35 Kris Osborn Friday at 8:27 PM / Originally published onWarrior The Pentagon's 6th Generation Fighter may be stealthy and will likely have next-generation computers, electronic warfare technology, speed, weapons and sensors Fighter jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself.  Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News.  The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said.  The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Northrop Grumman   Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier.  Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.”  Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology.  Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs.  Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature.  Northrop Grumman Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said.  This could reduce drag, increase speed and maneuverability while increasing the technological ability of the sensors. It is also possible that the new 6th-generation fighter could use advanced, futuristic stealth technology able to enable newer, more capable air defenses. The air defenses of potential adversaries are increasingly using faster computing processing power and are better networked together, more digital, able to detect a wider range of frequencies and able to detect stealthy aircraft at farther distances.  The new 6th-generation fighter will also likey fire lasers and have the ability to launch offensive electronic attacks. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Winners and losers from rounds two and three Which conferences dominated the first round? Fantasy Football takeaways from rounds 2 & 3 Best available players heading into day 3 Which conferences dominated rounds 2 and 3? Share & Embed Browns Trade Back up to 29, Pick David Njoku Full Story Scout Top Stories Winners and losers from rounds two and threeWho were the biggest winners and losers from rounds two and three of the NFL Draft? Nick Kostos, Pete Prisco, Jason La Canfora and Brady Quinn break it down. by Staff ScoutYesterday at 4:30 AM Best available players heading into day 3Check out Rob Rang's best available players for the final rounds of the 2017 NFL Draft. by Staff ScoutYesterday at 4:27 AM Fantasy Football takeaways from rounds 2 & 3CBS Sports Fantasy Football experts Dave Richard and Jamey Eisenberg provide their analysis from the second and third rounds of the 2017 NFL Draft. by Staff ScoutYesterday at 4:22 AM Which conferences dominated rounds 2 and 3?Barton Simmons breaks down strong performances from collegiate conferences in the NFL Draft for rounds two and three. by Staff ScoutYesterday at 4:19 AM NFL Draft: Biggest surprises from rounds 2&3Hana Ostapchuk, D.J. Williams and Luke Rodgers break down the biggest surprises from day 2 of the NFL Draft by Staff ScoutYesterday at 4:14 AM Which conferences dominated the first round?Barton Simmons of 247Sports breaks down which collegiate conferences had the most players selected in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft. by Staff ScoutFriday at 5:36 AM Best Available Players Headed into 2nd RoundRob Rang joins Nick Kostos, Pete Prisco, Jason La Canfora and Pete Prisco have the latest on players available heading into day 2 of the NFL Draft. by Staff ScoutFriday at 5:05 AM Falcons Trade up for Takkarist McKinleyThe Atlanta Falcons made a trade with the San Francisco 49ers to address one of their biggest needs. by Scott Kennedy Falcon InsiderFriday at 4:39 AM NFL Draft: First round winners and losersWho were the biggest winners from the first round of the NFL Draft? How about losers? Nick Kostos, Pete Prisco, Jason La Canfora and Brady Quinn discuss. by Staff ScoutFriday at 3:53 AM Steelers Draft T.J. WattThe Steelers grabbed their young pass-rusher in the first round of last night's draft, T.J. Watt by Jim Wexell Steel City InsiderThursday at 9:10 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 26° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Ipswich business success sparks new govt office opening 29th Apr 2017 9:48 AM 0 PRINT Have your say Use this content Amberley engineering company TAE winning a contract to maintain engines for the Joint Strike Fighter and engines for Abrams tanks. Photo: Contributed Contributed Popular Stories FATAL CRASH: Motorbike rider dies after serious accident WATCH: Safe City Camera captures strange light over Ipswich Ipswich serves up two home cooks for MasterChef auditions Local Real Estate Subscribe Now AN AMBERLEY based business is on the brink of transforming global aircraft maintenance with its wearable assisted reality technology.  And the Queensland Government plans to open an office to help other budding businesses reach new heights too. TAE is a global aerospace company whose customers include the Australian Defence Force, SE Asian Defence Forces and regional airlines.  It's the largest Australian-owned aerospace company and has been awarded the prestigious Aerospace Australia Civil Industry Innovation Award for its fountx wearable technology. The tool was developed in partnership with the CSIRO and allows an onsite technician to collaborate with experts anywhere in the world in a virtual reality environment that mirrors natural interaction.  It means someone using this technology and working on an aircraft in the United Arab Emirates will have the same level of support as if they had an expert standing beside them.  The technology will be released to the market this year.  TAE CEO Andrew Sanderson said TAE has been exporting its products for over five years and now has customers in over 30 countries, including the United States, India and Europe.  "TAE's growth has been the result of significant effort in developing our portfolio and product offering into new markets through understanding the opportunities and where our competencies match a growing need," Mr Sanderson said.  "We are currently in negotiations with several high profile aerospace companies around the world for fountx production and a demonstration unit is already in use with Boeing in Seattle.  "A number of government agencies including Trade and Investment Queensland (TIQ) and Department of State Development have greatly assisted with getting our fountx brand known and introducing us to potential international clients."   TAE general manager Andrew Sanderson (left) and program manager Marcus Evans with a Honeywell AGT1500 is a turbine engine from an M1 Abrams tank that is currently undergoing repair work at the companies RAAF Base Amberley site. Photo: File David Nielsen While visiting the company at its RAAF Base headquarters, Queensland Treasurer Curtis Pitt announced his government's Trade and Investment Queensland agency was planning to open an office in Ipswich to help local businesses.  Mr Pitt said the Palaszczuk Government's new $35 million Advancing Trade and Investment - Queensland Trade and Investment Strategy 2017-2022 would build on the state's strong traditional industries and new and developing sectors to boost exports and generate new jobs.  "TAE joins the ranks of a number of highly innovative Queensland businesses using innovative technology to radically change how traditional services are carried out," Mr Pitt said.  "The Palaszczuk Government's new Trade and Investment Strategy I launched recently is designed to foster these type of businesses that are creating new types of jobs for the future.  "For many years TAE has provided innovative and premium components and services in aerospace engineering globally but this technology takes that service to a whole new level."  State Member for Ipswich West, Jim Madden said planning was under way for a TIQ office in Ipswich.  "From next month we will be trialling the location of a trade and investment officer in Ipswich with a view to establishing a permanent presence," Mr Madden said. "TIQ, the government's global business agency, will run a six-month pilot project with an Ipswich-based principal trade and investment officer, who is likely to be co-located with one of our key agency partners in the city centre.  "There are more than 60 businesses in Ipswich and surrounds currently being serviced by TIQ and the TIQ presence will be established in recognition of the emerging importance and level of business, trade and investment activity in the greater Ipswich and Lockyer Valley area.  "These businesses can be supported by a dedicated Ipswich-based TIQ officer, rather than supporting the area from the Toowoomba office." business Read More Login to follow ipswich Read More Login to follow technology Read More Login to follow Topics:  business ipswich technology 0 PRINT Have your say Just In Pensioner: 'You are kidding, right?!' Ipswich back on the rise after ending Bears' picnic 'Great for the white race’: KKK rises on politics of hate PNG calls on Jets try-scoring sensation Thousands rally to protest Trump's climate change rollback Bullet casing found near primary school Top Stories Pensioner: 'You are kidding, right?!' IPSWICH pensioner's shock as she wins a brand new car News Comment The woman they say is too dangerous to go to jail FATAL CRASH: Motorbike rider dies after serious accident The man died on scene when a motorbike and a car collided. The best places for lunch in Ipswich WE ASKED you where your favourite place to go for a local lunch is Why these Ipswich teams are recharged for state league Force basketballers have positive impact Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On PICTURES: Exhibition shows innocence caught up in war ABC cameraman and former QT snapper's images displayed in Ipswich History has a new home at Harrisville Relics saved by new funding Labour Day race meeting loved by families Thousands of bees relocated from Goodna water meter INFERNO: Dalby school shut as investigations continue THEN AND NOW: Anzac Day in Goodna 65 years apart DAWN SERVICE: Navy man reflects on Anzac Cove landing Where to see works by Ipswich's best artists Senior Matters: Expand your mind and grab a bargain Free digital workshop to boost Ipswich business COUNCIL and Queensland Government fund technology-focused workshop LIST: Five theatre productions on during Ipswich Festival Here's five productions on during the Ipswich Festival Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Sam Thaiday stars in Broncos’ carpool karaoke SAM Thaiday has stunned with his karaoke rendition of Celine Dion. What's on the small screen this week MY KITCHEN Rules grand finalists face off and Love Child returns. Ipswich serves up two home cooks for MasterChef auditions Dad of three makes it in front of MasterChef judges Anthony LaPaglia steps out with new fiancee Actor Anthony LaPaglia engaged to much younger girlfiend Ronan Keating a dad for fourth time Bouncing baby boy for Boyzone star The Rock opens up about tough childhood The Rock in a hard place Lion King remake well under way More Lion King remake cast members revealed Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 1&2/24 Glossop Street, Brassall 4305 Unit 2 1 1 $295,000 each $295,000 each Positioned in an elevated and leafy location, these units are a great opportunity for either a first home buyer or to expand your portfolio with a... 8 Kingfisher Court, Regency Downs 4341 House 2 1 UNDER CONTRACT CONTRACT CRASHED!!! Previously tenanted at $305 p/w. This neat and tidy character home sits proudly on a generous 9,913sqm parcel of land in the tightly held... 42 Palma Rosa Drive, Wulkuraka 4305 House 4 2 $329,000 This lowset brick home has it all, Four spacious bedrooms, all with built-ins. At one end of the home is the master bedroom with walk-in robe and ensuite and at... 7 Bickle Place, North Booval 4304 House 4 2 2 $315,000 This great lowset brick home offers a savvy investor the chance to enter the investment market or add to their growing property portfolio. Currently tenant to the... 17 Grafton Street East Ipswich, East Ipswich 4305 House 3 1 2 $279,000 YOU WILL KICK YOURSELF IF YOU MISS THIS ONE!! Great First Home or Investment. Situated on a generous allotment in a position of future potential ( 759SQM... 00 Goebels Rd ( Cnr M Hines Rd), Mount Forbes 4340 House 3 1 3 Offers From... FIVE ACRE COUNTRY ESCAPE WITHIN MINUTES OF THE CITY TWO MAGESTIC NORFOLK PINES to Welcome Your Entry “A” Frame Double Storey Home (circa 1982) on LOCAL HISTORIC ... 6 Mary Street, Bundamba 4304 House 3 1 4 $369,000 Classic, picture perfect "Queenslander" boasting traditional wraparound verandah situated on a generous, elevated 890sqm corner block in a sought after location... 14 Brian Street, Riverview 4303 House 3 1 1 $249,000 QUIET CULDESAC LOCATION ADJACENT PARKLAND HANDY TO PUBLIC TRANSPORT, LOCAL SHOPS & RAIL SOLID 1950’s HOME – Built To Last Don’t miss the opportunity to start... 9 Cyprus Street, Tivoli 4305 House 4 1 1 Offers Over... TRADITIONAL 1950’S FAMILY HOME WITH 2017 STYLE & PRACTICALITY ALFRESCO AREA FOR RELAXED ENTERTAINING WITH PEACEFUL BUSH BACKDROP CENTRAL FIRE PIT FOR URBAN CAMP... 20/11 Spring Street, East Ipswich 4305 Unit 2 1 1 $195,000 Awesome location- walk to rail along the newly instaled pathway, walk to other public transport and feel totally secure in a gated community with on site... Falling rents could spell doom for housing prices What if I told you housing in Australia was getting cheaper? Couple gets rich renovating run-down city homes The couple has already turned around three homes Townhouse pitch raises questions over 'high density' Developer plans 42 townhouses for Ipswich suburb 7 million dollar city homes for sale right now Here are seven of Toowoomba's best, and most expensive, houses 'Raping and pillaging': Landlord's anger with nightmare cost BODY corporate boss unleashes on huge costs dumped on home owners. Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 4/29 Updated This is how Trump’s stock market ranks on his 100th day in office 4/29 Updated Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record 4/29 Updated 5 doomed stocks to sell in May 4/29 EU on Brexit: Trade talks with U.K. are still months away 4/29 Updated How Apple and Tesla want California to change proposed self-driving car rules 4/29 That seemingly foolish call about Apple is looking right after all 4/29 Credit cards, ATMs could be obsolete in India by 2020 4/29 Updated Google’s Sundar Pichai is likely the highest-paid CEO 4/29 Updated How to inspire your children to dream big if your family had generations of poverty 4/29 Your mom deserves better: 5 truly awful Mother’s Day gifts 4/29 Updated Every household has its own Juicero story: 10 foods you should make — NOT buy 4/29 Updated PepsiCo focuses on ‘guilt-free’ beverages, yet more research casts a pall over diet soda 4/29 Updated How some ‘Trump trades’ have performed on his 100th day in office 4/29 Updated The most expensive homes in the world are in this country 4/29 Updated Elizabeth Warren says Obama got it wrong: It’s worse than Americans realize 4/29 Iran signals it’s willing to cap oil output until end of the year 4/29 Updated Here’s what Trump is doing (and NOT doing) on his 100th day as president 4/29 This was Trump’s top tweet of his first 100 days as president 4/29 This scoreboard tracks the economy under Trump. Here’s what it says now 4/29 Updated Vince shares nosedive after doubt raised about company’s ability to survive Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release FIRST® Caps Off World’s Largest Celebration of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math for Students By Published: Apr 30, 2017 12:14 a.m. ET Share Championship Presenting Sponsor Qualcomm Incorporated and Others Celebrate Young Inventors from 33 Countries at FIRST Championship in St. Louis Event Wraps Up 8 Days of Robotics Action and STEM Innovation in Houston and St. Louis; More than 60,000 Attendees Between Two Championship Events ST. LOUIS, Apr 30, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- This week, more than 15,000 students from around the world traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, putting their innovation skills to the test at the annual FIRST® Championship Presented by Qualcomm Incorporated, held at various venues throughout the city, including America’s Center and St. Louis Union Station. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170429005021/en/ The four-day event, attended by more than 30,000 people, came down to a heart-pounding conclusion Saturday night in front of tens of thousands of cheering fans when four teams from Kalamazoo, Michigan; San Jose, California; Canton, Michigan; and Montvale, New Jersey, earned the FIRST® Robotics CompetitionWinning Alliance award for this year’s game, FIRST®STEAMWORKS [SM] . Earlier in the day, teams from Saint Paul, Minnesota; Littleton, Colorado; and Earleville, Maryland won the FIRST® Tech ChallengeVELOCITY VORTEX [SM] Presented by Qualcomm Incorporated Winning Alliance. Over 15,000 students, ages 6-18, participated in FIRST Championship St. Louis. Selected Quotes: Among the participants, many earned honors for design excellence, competitive play, research, business plans, website design, and teamwork. A not-for-profit organization founded in 1989 by inventor Dean Kamen, FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) inspires young people’s interest and participation in science and technology. In St. Louis, nearly 700 teams from 33 countries competed in the four FIRST programs: FIRST® LEGO® League (grades 4 to 8, ages 9 to 14 in the United States, Canada, and Mexico; ages 9 to 16 outside the United States, Canada, and Mexico); FIRST Tech Challenge (grades 7 to 12, ages 12 to 18); FIRST Robotics Competition (grades 9 to 12, ages 14 to 18). In addition to the high-energy robotics matches, 60 teams participated in the FIRST® LEGO League Jr. (grades K-4, ages 6 to 10) World Festival Expo. FIRST Championship St. Louis honored significant supporters of the FIRST mission: 2017 FIRST Championship Winners Dean’s List Award: From FIRST Robotics Competition: From FIRST Tech Challenge: 1. FIRST® Robotics Competition Championship – FIRST Robotics Competition combines sports excitement with the rigors of science and technology. Under strict rules, limited resources, and time limits, teams are challenged to fundraise, design a brand, exercise teamwork, and build and program robots to perform tasks against competitors. More than 83,000 students on 3,336 teams from 25 countries competed during the 2017 season. Other FIRST Robotics Competition Awards included: Championship Finalists Darwin Subdivision Subdivision Winners Archimedes Subdivision Carson Subdivision Curie Subdivision Daly Subdivision Darwin Subdivision Tesla Subdivision Subdivision Finalists Archimedes Subdivision Carson Subdivision Curie Subdivision Daly Subdivision Darwin Subdivision Tesla Subdivision Engineering Inspiration Award – Creativity Award sponsored by Xerox – Entrepreneurship Award sponsored by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers – Excellence in Engineering Award sponsored by Delphi – Gracious Professionalism ® Award sponsored by Johnson & Johnson – Imagery Award in honor of Jack Kamen – Industrial Design Award sponsored by General Motors – Industrial Safety Award sponsored by UL – Innovation in Control Award sponsored by Rockwell Automation – Quality Award sponsored by Motorola – Team Spirit Award sponsored by FCA Foundation – Highest Rookie Seed – Rookie All-star Award – Rookie Inspiration Award – Judges’ Awards – 2. FIRST® Tech Challenge World Championship – FIRST Tech Challenge students learn to think like engineers. Teams build robots from a reusable kit of parts, develop strategies, document their progress, and compete head to head. For this year’s game, VELOCITY VORTEX [SM] Presented by Qualcomm Incorporated, teams work in an Alliance to score points against their opponents by placing balls into vortexes, including one on a rotatable stand in the center of the field. In the final 30 seconds of the match, robots can raise a large ball off the playing field and place the ball in their center vortex. Approximately 55,000 students on 5,540 FIRST Tech Challenge teams competed during the 2016-2017 season. This season’s Sponsors included Season Presenting Sponsor, Qualcomm; Official Program Sponsor, Rockwell Collins; and Official IoT, CAD, and Collaboration Software Sponsor, PTC. The FIRST Tech ChallengeVolunteer of the Year Award winner was Kevin Ross from Carnation, Washington. The Compass Award for excellence in coaching/mentoring was awarded to Jan Cardinale. She was nominated for this award by Team 6037, W.A.G.S., from Princeton Junction, New Jersey. Other FIRST Tech Challenge awards included: 3. FIRST® LEGO® League World Festival – FIRST LEGO League introduces younger students to real-world engineering challenges by conducting research projects and building LEGO-based autonomous robots to complete tasks on a thematic playing surface. FIRST LEGO League teams, guided by their imaginations, discover exciting career possibilities and learn to make positive contributions to society. This year’s challenge, ANIMAL ALLIES [SM] , tasked approximately 255,000 students on 32,000 teams with improving how animals and humans learn from, interact with, and help one another. Top honors went to Champion’s Award 1st Place winner, Team 5831, CTRL-Z Bayview Glen, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Champion’s Award Finalist, Team 1920, Flufflepuff, Granger, Ind.; and Champion’s Award Finalist, Team 8631, St. Peters Brickbusters, East Troy, Wisc. Other FIRST LEGO League awards included: Judges’ Awards 4. FIRST® LEGO® League Jr. World Festival Expo – FIRST LEGO League Jr. introduces children ages 6 to 10 to the exciting world of science and technology. Teams of up to six children and two adult Coaches take on a real-world Challenge, to be explored through research, critical thinking, and imagination. In this year’s Challenge, CREATURE CRAZE [SM] , students learned about animals and explored their habitats. FIRST LEGO League Jr. awards went to: Research and Show Me Poster Awards Spirit and Fun Awards Science Knowledge and Learning Awards Core Values Awards LEGO [®] Models, Machines and Programming Awards The celebration in St. Louis concluded eight days of 2017 FIRST Championship events, which kicked off last week in Houston. In total, more than 60,000 people attended the events across two cities. 2017 FIRST Championship Sponsors Qualcomm Incorporated is the 2017 FIRST Championship Presenting Sponsor. 2017 FIRST Championship Program Sponsors include: The Abbott Fund; Bechtel Corporation; Belden, Inc.; FedEx Corporation; Google; Monsanto; Nokia Bell Labs; NRG Energy; NVIDIA Corporation; Twitch; U.S. Air Force. Other 2017 FIRST Championship Sponsors include: BAE Systems; The Boeing Company; Booz Allen Hamilton; Bosch; The Coca-Cola Company; The Dow Chemical Company; Edward Jones; Hilton; Hilton St. Louis at the Ballpark; IBM Corporation; Mouser Electronics; Nidec Motor Corporation; Phillips 66; Picatinny STEM; PwC US; Southwest Airlines; St. Louis Regional Chamber; St. Louis Union Station Hotel; TE Connectivity; Texas Instruments; Uber; ViaSat; Vulcan Spring & Mfg. Co.; Walt Disney Imagineering. Save the date! The 2018 FIRST Championship will be held in: Houston April 18-21, 2018, and Detroit April 25-28, 2018 About FIRST [®] Accomplished inventor Dean Kamen founded FIRST [®] (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) in 1989 to inspire an appreciation of science and technology in young people. Based in Manchester, N.H., FIRST designs accessible, innovative programs to build self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills while motivating young people to pursue opportunities in science, technology, and engineering. With support from over 200 of the Fortune 500 companies and more than $50 million in college scholarships, the not-for-profit organization hosts the FIRST [® ] Robotics Competition for students in Grades 9-12; FIRST [® ] Tech Challenge for Grades 7-12; FIRST [® ] LEGO [®] League for Grades 4-8; and FIRST [® ] LEGO [®] League Jr. for Grades K-4. Gracious Professionalism [®] is a way of doing things that encourages high-quality work, emphasizes the value of others, and respects individuals and the community. To learn more about FIRST, go to www.firstinspires.org View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170429005021/en/ SOURCE: FIRST"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@firstweets FIRST [®] Brooke Blew, 603-206-2048 bblew@firstinspires.org or FIRST [®] Haley Dunn, 603-206-2494 hdunn@firstinspires.org Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Elizabeth Warren says Obama got it wrong: It’s worse than Americans realize Elon Musk: Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by the end of the year It’s harder than you think to spend down your 401(k) account in retirement 5 doomed stocks to sell in May French Election: Who Is Marine Le Pen? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Sunday April 30 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Rolls corruption probe drags in Robins John Collingridge April 30 2017, 12:01am, The Sunday Times Sir Ralph Robins: seeking legal adviceANDRE CAMARA/TIMES NEWSPAPERS LTD Sir Ralph Robins, the former chairman and chief executive of Rolls-Royce, has been dragged into the aircraft engines giant’s bribery and corruption investigation. Robins, 84, who retired from the company 14 years ago, is understood to have hired defence lawyers as the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) considers pressing charges against individuals. Rolls-Royce, which makes jet engines for Airbus’s A380 double-decker and Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, was humbled in January when it was fined £671m for more than two decades of corruption in a dozen countries. The judge who approved the deferred prosecution agreement reached between the SFO and Rolls said the FTSE 100 giant’s “most serious breaches of the criminal law in the areas of bribery and corruption” appeared to implicate “controlling minds of the company”. Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing President Trump's First 100 Days ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Apr 14 2017, 1:27 pm ET Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Stands to Gain in a Lawsuit, Experts Say by Erik Ortiz Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Name your own price. That's essentially what the passenger dragged from a United Airlines flight this week in a scuffle with security that went viral could do if the carrier decides to settle with him out of court, legal experts say. And yes, the airline would want to settle quickly and quietly with Dr. David Dao instead of go to trial, the experts add. That's so that this case — after throwing United into a storm of bad publicity — goes away. "In an instance like this, it would be beyond insanity to do anything more than bring [Dao] into a conference room and basically say there's a check on the desk, it's signed, just fill in the amount," said New York trial attorney Randy Zelin. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Man Dragged Off Overbooked Flight After Refusing to Give up Seat 1:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/918026307747" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> How much Dao stands to gain from Sunday's ordeal in Chicago is unclear. His attorney, Thomas Demetrio, said he's still determining what a potential lawsuit might look like, but is girding for a fight with United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. "Mr. Munoz, believe me, he will have a team of lawyers that will get involved and there will be litigation," Demetrio said at a news conference Thursday. "It's not that easy." It's not. Such lawsuits can take months, and in many cases years, to wind through the system, as sides go head-to-head over who was at fault and how much in damages is actually owed. High-profile cases can put pressure on the negotiations, said Kenneth Quinn, a partner who represents airlines at the D.C. law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman. Dao's legal team can try to argue that United breached its own contract by booting him, but the airline could also claim that Dao's obstinate refusal is what set off the chaotic chain of events. Related: How Do Airlines Select Who to Remove From Overbooked Flights? Quinn said that United would have a hard time swaying a jury because of the videos that show the 69-year-old Dao being forcibly removed, clearly upsetting his fellow passengers. His lawyers say he fell and lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose and concussion. But ultimately, airlines don't like going to court, and more than 95 percent of cases involving them are settled, Quinn estimated. "Money isn't the issue for them — it's about the precedent and signal it sends if an airline goes to trial and loses," he added. "They don't want another case of a person not following crew instructions in the hopes they hit some financial windfall." Often, these lawsuits are settled confidentially, which means the amounts that plaintiffs are paid aren't publicly disclosed. That was the case when 11 passengers sued Southwest Airlines, Boeing and the city of Chicago in 2006 for fear, distress and physical harm following a botched plane landing that resulted in one death when the aircraft barreled out of the airport and into an intersection. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Daughter of passenger dragged from United flight speaks out 2:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/921224259715" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Two years passed from when the accident occurred to when a settlement was finally announced. In another case, 72 passengers agreed to settle confidentially when an Asiana Airlines flight slammed into a runway at San Francisco International Airport in 2013, killing three. The family of a teenage girl who was killed by emergency vehicles after the crash also dropped a lawsuit in exchange for a settlement. It took 20 months after the accident before attorneys announced a settlement. Dao appears to have the upper hand in his case. Munoz apologized repeatedly for the passenger's treatment, saying on national television this week that he "can't be" at fault and what happened to him was the result of a "system failure." The airline is conducting an internal investigation and has pledged to no longer allow officers on board to physically pull booked and seated customers off its planes. Related: Here's Why It's Legal for Airlines to Kick You Off Your Flight Demetrio on Thursday said he wants Dao to ultimately be a "poster child" for airline reform. But Zelin warns that if United feels like Dao is expecting too much, they'll be quick to draw a line: "You don't want to be viewed as a pinata where people can line up and wait for you to break out your checkbook." Meanwhile, airlines can anticipate more of these viral incidents brewing into lawsuits, Quinn added, as passengers become trained to hit record on their cellphones. "The instantaneous videotaping occurring with over 3 million people flying a day changes the nature of an airline's response and crisis management," Quinn said. "It's no longer a letter of complaint being filed — it's videos on the internet, and social media outrage and CEOs responding instantaneously. So much more comes into play." Erik Ortiz Twitter Google Plus Email Topics U.S. news, Travel First Published Apr 14 2017, 1:27 pm ET Next Story 25 Years After the LA Riots: A Doctor Inspiring America advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday by Staff Writers Miami (AFP) April 28, 2017 SpaceX on Sunday is scheduled to make its first military launch, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If Sunday's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. Tweet SBIRS satellite successfully transmitting first images Sunnyvale CA (SPX) Mar 27, 2017 From its final orbit location 22,000 miles above the equator, the third Lockheed Martin-built Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS) satellite recently sent its first images back down to Earth, a milestone known as "first light." The satellite was launched on Jan. 20 aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket and is the third in a series of Geosynchronous Earth Orbit (GEO) satellites that ... read more Related Links Military Space News at SpaceWar.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google NASA spacesuits over budget, tight on timeline: audit AGU journal commentaries highlight importance of Earth and space science research 'Better you than me,' Trump tells record-breaking astronaut Lunar, Martian Greenhouses Designed to Mimic Those on Earth New Russian Medium-Class Carrier Rocket Could Compete With SpaceX's Falcon RSC Energia, Boeing Hammer Out a Deal on Sea Launch Project India seeks status as a major space power with more satellite launches India to Launch Carrier Rocket With Higher Payload Capacity in May How Old are Martian Gullies Opportunity Nears 'Perseverance Valley' Engineers investigate simple, no-bake recipe to make bricks on Mars SwRI-led team discovers lull in Mars' giant impact history China courts international coalition set up to promote space cooperation China's cargo spacecraft completes in-orbit refueling Commentary: Innovation drives China's space exploration Macao marks 2nd China Space Day with astronaut sharing space experience ViaSat-2 Satellite to Launch on June 1 Arianespace, Intelsat and SKY Perfect JSAT sign a new Launch Services Agreement, for Horizons 3e ESA boosting its Argentine link with deep space Airbus and Intelsat team up for more capacity Berkeley Lab scientists discover new atomically layered, thin magnet Augmented reality increases maintenance reliability at a space station Finding order and structure in the atomic chaos where materials meet Penn researchers quantify the changes that lightning inspires in rock ISS investigation aims to identify unknown microbes in space 'Iceball' Planet Discovered Through Microlensing 'On Verge of Most Profound Discovery Ever,' NASA Tells US Congress What can we learn from dinosaur proteins ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Nap Time for New Horizons Hubble spots auroras on Uranus Cold' Great Spot discovered on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Poll: Minnesotans give Trump 40 percent approval rating Mpls. mayor: Chief waited deliberately on sharing 4th Precinct pick Minnesota's crackdown on gifts means party is over for title industry Growing police tech arsenal watches criminals, citizens Mayo looks to shake up cancer care with single test to find multiple types Driver jailed after Andover crash that kills 52-year-old passenger Getting offensive: Vikings attack draft strategically Liberal arts majors get a career boost at the University of Minnesota Belle Plaine veterans park to include satanic monument How Duluth became the outdoor capital of the Midwest Travel to Europe is the 'bargain of the decade' next Business Schafer: Brenton's fruitless quest for an engineer indicative of the tight workforce in robotics Here's a company designing and building automation equipment to replace human labor with the big problem of not being able to hire enough human labor. April 29, 2017 — 11:56am Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint LEE SCHAFER @LeeASchafer A manufacturer called Brenton LLC is urgently looking to fill lots of jobs, and at the top of its list is a good engineer to work with robotic controls technology. Brenton has a modern, 200,000-square-foot facility north of Alexandria — near some fine central Minnesota fishing lakes. But this producer of automated packaging equipment will happily let someone work from anywhere. As for the pay, general manager Ryan Kirksey said this is the first time in his career he has approved a job without salary limits. The company handed this name-your-own salary and work-where-you-want career opportunity to an executive search firm more than three months ago. The headhunter has yet to turn up a possibility. It’s only a little bit easier for Brenton to fill other jobs, from assemblers and machinists on the shop floor to project managers and engineers in the office. Kirksey and his management team described staffing challenges so pressing that there’s even a pitched battle underway for promising interns. There’s no reason to think Brenton’s experience is anything other than typical for the industry. And what an odd situation, amid growing concerns of automation leaving people without work. Here’s a company designing and building automation equipment to replace human labor with the big problem of not being able to hire enough human labor. This explains why, on a recent Wednesday morning plant tour, teenagers were being led through the plant. These were students from Staples-Motley High School about an hour’s drive away, and this plant tour wasn’t a gracious act of community relations. It was a farsighted form of recruiting. Brenton is just one of a few companies in the Alexandria area that design and produce similar equipment. They don’t usually compete for customers, Kirksey said, but they sure do compete for employees. Brenton builds machines to grab shampoo bottles, medical syringes, snack trays and other products, pack them up in cartons, load them into cases and then onto a pallet and maybe even wrap the pallet. And all at a lickety-split pace, up to maybe 85 cases of shampoo bottles a minute. Brenton got its start in the small Minnesota town of Carlos in 1987. It moved in 1991, with about 40 employees, to its current location about 9 miles northeast of downtown Alexandria and about two hours northwest of Minneapolis. The company now has about 300 employees, having tripled in size since 2011. The biggest challenge in getting from Minneapolis to a meeting there on time turned out to be finding an open space to park in its lot. “We used to sell individual pieces of equipment, like a case packer or palletizer,” said Mike Grinager, its vice president of technology. “Go back to 2008, and we said we would do one system a year where we would put all the pieces together. Now we do mainly systems, where it’s a big automated system that might not package anything. It might get syringes into a tray that go to a sterilizer and then takes them back out and puts them back into a packaging line. So, it’s the automation that’s grown.” Grinager said he’s unaware of a competitor that has adopted Brenton’s practice of building an entire system at the plant and then running it at full speed in front of a customer’s engineers, to gain confidence before it’s ever shipped to the customer site. Brenton is a unit of Pro Mach Inc., a private equity-owned automation equipment company with about 2,600 employees. The parent company has identified Brenton as a companywide “center of excellence” for automation engineering. Of course, it’s no surprise to then hear Pro Mach has started staffing another engineering center in a different state because hiring is so difficult. Brenton had nearly 40 open positions at the time we met. “I know you see this rhetoric that manufacturing is going away, but we don’t see it here, and we don’t see it any of our facilities,” said Marie Kirschbaum, Pro Mach senior human resources director. The top agenda item at every weekly management team meeting is employee recruiting. Kirschbaum said all of the proven techniques to hire have been tried, from encouraging high school kids to think about entering fields like machining to paying bonuses to existing staffers who refer good candidates. As for pay, Kirschbaum allowed that Brenton had employees with a two-year degree earning nearly $90,000 a year. Not having enough engineers, project managers and production staff to design and build everything customers want, and thus losing an order, is the main risk in the company’s business plan. As Kirksey put it, “we are creating our own competition by not having the people.” Technical know-how in robotics is particularly scarce, as Brenton in rural Minnesota competes for talent with the likes of Ford Motor Co. and the Boeing Co. The company first started in robotics nearly 20 years ago, and on the plant tour Kirksey asked an employee to switch on a complex system for packing up and palletizing plastic food jars. It had a big yellow robot arm at its center. The search for a robot controls engineer has turned out to be so frustrating that by now it must be funny story to tell at the bar. Asked if the search firm literally found no candidates, Kirksey replied: “Well they had a couple, but turned out they only saw a robot back in ’77.” While that job is still posted, three current Brenton employees are about to start classes on robot controls. The policy of not hiring employees’ relatives has gone overboard, and managers have their eye on a current employee’s son as a potential robot programmer — some day. “He’s a senior in high school,” Grinager said. This manufacturing worker shortage is a big part of Grinager’s explanation for why demand seems to be so strong for automation equipment, and why they don’t think of their technology as taking over work done by people. “Our customers tell us the same thing,” said Grinager. “They have a problem getting good people. So what do they do to get more production? They automate.”   lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 Lee Schafer came to the Star Tribune after 15 years as a corporate officer, consultant and investment banker in the Twin Cities. He has been a columnist for Twin Cities Business magazine and was senior editor for Corporate Report Minnesota. Follow @LeeASchafer lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 @LeeASchafer View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Getting offensive: Vikings attack draft strategically Anti-vaccine groups step up outreach to Minn. Somalis Travel to Europe is the 'bargain of the decade' School District lifts ban, OKs guns in Big Lake trapshooting team's yearbook photo Mpls. mayor: Chief waited deliberately on sharing 4th Precinct pick More From Lee Schafer Business April 27 Schafer: Divesting should be about economics, not popularity or size As a decision by Portland, Ore., shows, once support builds for getting rid of investments based on what someone thinks of the underlying business, it's not all that easy to decide where the line gets drawn. Business April 23 Schafer: Twin Cities experts focus on keeping the customer satisfied Minneapolis marketing consultant Dan Wallace thinks the Twin Cities might have a top "cluster" of thought leadership in managing a better customer experience. He makes a good point. Business April 17 Ousted from his own start-up, entrepreneur turns setback into lessons for others Entrepreneur Thompson Aderinkomi is best known for co-founding and then getting fired as CEO of a high-profile start-up company, RetraceHealth. Not that getting canned has… Business April 15 Schafer: Twin Cities shopping centers need more than stores, as Maple Grove is finding out If city councils like Maple Grove's aren't prepared to see retailing spaces get turned into something else, like a Portillo's hot dog restaurant, then they should expect to see a lot more empty space. Top Stories Poll: Minnesotans give Trump 40 percent approval rating Apr. 29 Mpls. mayor: Chief waited deliberately on sharing 4th Precinct pick Apr. 29 Minnesota's crackdown on gifts means party is over for title industry Apr. 29 Most Read Direct flights from Minnesota to Cuba are stuck at the gate • Business Super Mario carts roll into some Target stores • Business Innovation chief departs Target as projects are dismantled • Business Target sharpens edge through partnerships with Harry's and Bevel razor companies • Business Camping World group wins Gander Mountain bankruptcy auction • Business World Russian rallies urge Putin to retire Pope's timely Egypt visit comforts grief-stricken Christians Nation Thousands brave weather to protest Trump climate policies High rent may doom Catholic chapel that survived 9/11 Politics Poll: Minnesotans give Trump 40 percent approval rating Newcomer Jennifer Carnahan elected as state GOP chair markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Rosario's changes at the plate have driven 10-game hit streak Rainout forces Twins to adjust starting rotation Vikings Getting offensive: Vikings attack draft strategically Scoggins: Top offensive draft picks should help Zimmer's defense MN United United denied win streak, blanked 1-0 by San Jose Sounders rally to 3-3 draw with Revolution Celebrities Coppola and 'Godfather' cast reunite at Tribeca Film Fest Longtime anchor Tim McNiff to return to KARE 11 'Sunrise' on Tuesday Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
null
SpaceX to launch secretive satellite for U.S. intelligence agenc - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases SpaceX to launch secretive satellite for U.S. intelligence agency Posted: Saturday, April 29, 2017 6:03 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 29, 2017 9:03 PM EDT SpaceX returned to flight Saturday after a hiatus. The private space exploration company launched a Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, taking 10 satellites into space for voice and data company Iridium. It marked the... SpaceX returned to flight Saturday after a hiatus. The private space exploration company launched a Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, taking 10 satellites into space for voice and data company Iridium. It marked the... SpaceX returned to flight Saturday after a hiatus. The private space exploration company launched a Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, taking 10 satellites into space for voice and data company Iridium. It marked the... SpaceX returned to flight Saturday after a hiatus. The private space exploration company launched a Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, taking 10 satellites into space for voice and data company Iridium. It marked the... By Jackie Wattles NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Elon Musk's SpaceX will attempt to deliver a mysterious satellite into orbit for the intelligence community on Sunday. Liftoff is slated for 7 a.m. ET from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The customer for this launch is the National Reconnaissance Office -- a U.S. government agency that develops and maintains spy satellites. The NRO says it surveys potential threats to the United States by tracking terrorists and monitoring the development of nuclear weapons in other countries. It can also provide an early warning of a potential missile strike. The payload for the Sunday launch, which is being referred to as NROL-76, is classified. SpaceX shared no details on what type of surveillance the device will perform, how large it is or where in orbit it will be delivered. Sometime next year, SpaceX is scheduled to deliver GPS satellites into orbit for the Air Force. Musk has fought hard to win launch contracts with the U.S. government. Boeing and Lockheed Martin's United Launch Alliance previously held a lock on that business, and Musk filed a lawsuit against the government in 2014 for the right to bid for military contracts. NASA is a longtime SpaceX customer. The company has conducted nine resupply missions to the International Space Station under NASA contracts since 2012. Sunday's launch is the first for SpaceX since the historic SES-10 mission last month. That mission marked the first time SpaceX launched a used first-stage rocket booster toward orbital space -- marking a huge leap toward reaching SpaceX's goal of drastically reducing the price of spaceflight. The ability to reuse rockets is key. The most expensive portion of SpaceX's Falcon 9 -- which has a sticker price of $62 million -- is the first-stage booster, which accounts for up to 70% of the cost, according to Musk. SpaceX will use a new rocket in Sunday's mission. But the company has plans to launch as many as six more missions with used rockets this year. And SpaceX will attempt to recover the first-stage booster after Sunday's launch, setting up that rocket to potentially complete another mission in the future. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Visit: Edmonds Beacon | Mill Creek Beacon Home News Opinion Schools Sports Police & Fire Columns A & E Calendar Community Outreach Milestones Weather Classifieds Family Health Service Directory Garage Sales Join Login Search WSF releases summer sailing scheduleTemporary changes aim to alleviate overloaded Mukilteo-Clinton ferry route By Nicholas Johnson | Apr 26, 2017 Washington State Ferries (WSF) has released its adjusted summer sailing schedule for the Mukilteo-Clinton route after collecting input from riders. The temporary schedule, which takes effect June 25 and runs for six months through fall 2017, increases afternoon loading and unloading times, but does not cut the number of daily sailings. The route was designed so that two 124-car Issaquah class ferries could depart almost every half hour during peak periods of the day. Since those ferries were replaced with the 144-car Tokitae class ferries in 2014, ferries have consistently been departing late, resulting in delays. In March, WSF held an open house in Clinton and reached out to riders onboard the Kittitas and Tokitae ferries, receiving 49 comments after speaking with more than 200 people. Based on those comments, WSF adjusted its proposed schedule to better accommodate local transit riders and the operations of ferry crew. One person commented, “My main concern with the schedule change is that it be coordinated with Island Transit, so that the bus number 7 does not leave before the ferry arrives.” Another person commented, “Are these changes being coordinated with Island Transit, Community Transit and the Sounder Train so that people can make bus and train connections without added layovers?” WSF got feedback that people who connect with Everett Transit in Mukilteo in the afternoon could incur up to an hour of extra travel time. To accommodate this, WSF adjusted the proposed schedule to give the reverse commuters extra time. Additionally, WSF coordinated with private organizations using the ferries, including Nichol’s Brothers Boat Builders, Boeing and Whidbey-Seatac shuttle service. Many people said the traffic light in Mukilteo is why loading and unloading can take too long. One person commented, “The reason for the deteriorating on time performance is the Mukilteo traffic light at the ferry. It interrupts loading and unloading way too many times it should only change to allow cross traffic once in the middle of loading and unloading.” WSF officials say they believe the new ferry terminal coming to Mukilteo, as well as a second 144-car vessel coming to the route, will address those issues. Soon, WSF plans to begin an update to the Washington State Ferries long range plan, in which it expects to consider adding a third vessel to the route, based on rider feedback. WSF will monitor the new schedule in a six-month pilot project through fall 2017, at which time the schedule would be re-evaluated. Find the schedule and more information at www.wsdot.wa.gov/ferries/outreach/mukilteo-clinton-schedule-changes. Comments (0) If you wish to comment, please login. Username: Password: Join | Lost your password? Upcoming Events Today 10:30 AM - 12:00 PM Teens drinking Tea 7:00 PM Michael Medved lecture May 01, 2017 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM Discussion group for understanding ‘self’ May 02, 2017 8:30 AM Take Off Pounds Sensibly meeting 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Baby & Me Storytime 3:30 PM - 4:30 PM Read with therapy dogs 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM EvCC sponsors Latino support group 6:30 PM Sea Scouts open to youths 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM Civil Air Patrol to host open house 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM Civil Air Patrol to host open house Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Submissions |Jobs & Internships | VillageSoup Site powered by VillageSoup®.
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US TOPICS > Nation Corporations go overseas to avoid U.S. taxes April 29, 2017 at 5:19 PM EDT 214343214344214344Corporations go overseas to avoid U.S. taxesOn Wednesday, the Trump administration announced a portion of its tax plan, including a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to a 15 percent. The plan aims to bring revenue back into the country from U.S. companies holding it overseas in order to avoid paying taxes. Newshour Weekend Special Correspondent Patricia Sabga reports.2017-04-29 03:30 pmdisabled30004146933yLQs8lv7LA214362214361http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/climate-marchers-urge-trump-protect-environment/Climate marchers urge Trump to protect environmentAs President Donald Trump reached the 100th day of his presidency, tens of thousands of people gathered in Washington, D.C., for the People’s Climate March, with similar demonstrations around the country. Protesters called for environmental protections even as Trump has proposed cutting funding for science programs and signed an executive order to expand offshore drilling for oil in the Arctic.2017-04-29 12:00 amhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/RTS14HJH-e1493501498544-320x196.jpg3000415594n7igAHbqEyQ214355214354http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/presidents-first-100-days-actually-tells-us/What a president’s first 100 days actually tells usApril 29 marks President Donald Trump’s 100th day in office, a common benchmark for measuring the achievements of incoming presidents. The standard was set by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, whose leadership in 1933 pushed a flurry of major legislation through Congress. NewsHour Weekend Special Correspondent Jeff Greenfield joins Megan Thompson for analysis.2017-04-29 04:50 pmhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/RTS13WDO-e1493220640320-320x196.jpg30004154936BjGsmfyofQ214349214348http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/looking-back-la-riots-beating-rodney-king/Looking back at LA riots after beating of Rodney KingTwenty-five years ago, parts of Los Angeles erupted with anger after four white police officers who were filmed beating motorist Rodney King with batons were acquitted of assault. Riots lasted for five days, left 63 people dead and destroyed or damaged more than 1,000 buildings. Marymount University professor Fernando Guerra joins Megan Thompson for more.2017-04-29 04:22 pmhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/GettyImages-120067484-320x196.jpg3000415167mueJbS6q5mc On Wednesday, the Trump administration announced a portion of its tax plan, including a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to a 15 percent. The plan aims to bring revenue back into the country from U.S. companies holding it overseas in order to avoid paying taxes. Newshour Weekend Special Correspondent Patricia Sabga reports. COMMENTS EMAIL SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MORE VIDEO Climate marchers urge Trump to protect environment What a president’s first 100 days actually tells us Looking back at LA riots after beating of Rodney King EMAIL LISTEN https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/PNWE20170429_Tax_Inversions_WEB.mp3SEE PODCASTS By Zachary Green and Ivette Feliciano PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: My economic team is developing historic tax reform… PATRICIA SABGA: From the White House to Capitol Hill, Republicans are determined to lower the 35 percent corporate tax rate — the highest of any developed economy. Matt Gardner is a Senior Fellow with the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a liberal, Washington-based think tank. MATT GARDNER: The biggest, most profitable corporations are now finding it almost routine to escape paying the 35 percent tax. In some cases, they’re easily finding ways to avoid paying any income tax at all. PATRICIA SABGA: That’s because even though the U.S. taxes income earned anywhere in the world, the tax code allows American companies to defer paying taxes on income earned by their foreign subsidiaries indefinitely, as long as the profits are not returned to the parent company in the U.S. Here’s a simple example: An American company that earns 1 billion dollars in profits on sales in the United States would face a U.S. tax bill of 350 million dollars before deductions, credits and write-offs. But if the company records those profits to an overseas subsidiary in say, Ireland, where the corporate tax rate is only 12.5% — it would owe the Irish government 125 million dollars before any adjustments, and nothing to the U.S Treasury as long as the money is not brought home. PATRICIA SABGA: When a major corporation basically shifts a lot of its profits overseas how then do ordinary Americans end up footing the bill? MATT GARDNER: The most direct way is through large scale spending cuts, less direct spending on all the things that make the United States a good place to live: healthcare, transportation, education, all the public services that we find most vital. PATRICIA SABGA: One legal maneuver companies use to minimize their U.S. tax bill is to sell or license intangible assets, like software or drug patents, to a lower tax foreign subsidiary. When a product made with that intellectual property is sold, the foreign subsidiary records the income. And because of that, U.S. taxes can be deferred. MATT GARDNER: We counted 10,000 tax haven subsidiaries among Fortune 500 corporations. Deferral creates a clear incentive for companies to shift their activities offshore, but more damagingly, it creates a clear incentive for them to pretend they’re shifting their activities offshore. PATRICIA SABGA: Pretending to shift activities offshore is also the main critique of another legal tactic known as an inversion. That’s when an American company changes its corporate citizenship by acquiring a firm based in a lower tax country or jurisdiction. Since the 1980s, more than 50 American companies have pulled this off…with 25 such deals in the past five years alone. Samsonite, the century-old luggage maker, moved its tax address from Massachusetts to Luxembourg, where the corporate tax rate is 19 percent. Restaurant Brands International, parent of fast-food chain Burger King, relocated its headquarters from Florida to Canada, where the corporate tax rate is 15 percent. But the number one destination for tax inversions is Ireland where at 12-and-half-percent, the corporate tax rate is nearly two-thirds lower than the U.S. The biggest company to change its tax address from the United States to Ireland is medical device maker Medtronic, which still maintains a hefty presence in its native Minnesota. Medtronic’s operational headquarters and its top executives are in the United States. But its official headquarters is here, in Dublin, Ireland, in that building behind me. That change of address was engineered two years ago, when Medtronic bought Covidian, an Irish-based medical device maker. This modest building in Dublin may be Medtronic’s global headquarters, but the company employs around 4-thousand people in Ireland, compared to more than 43-thousand in the United States. MATT GARDNER: They went out of their way to guarantee that they weren’t going to move employees out of Minnesota, that everything from a U.S. perspective would remain exactly as it was before. PATRICIA SABGA: Medtronic declined NewsHour Weekend’s request to be interviewed. In a written statement, the company said: “The Covidien acquisition was driven by a strategic decision to combine the companies and become the world’s premier medical technology and services company. The deal allows us to accelerate our three core strategies — therapy innovation, globalization, and economic value…” MINISTER CHARLIE FLANNIGAN: We don’t offer any sweetheart tax deals to any individual companies. PATRICIA SABGA: Ireland’s Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Charlie Flannigan, makes no apologies that 12 of the 20 biggest companies in Ireland have roots in the United States. He says multinational companies have brought hundreds of thousands of jobs to his country and pay their fair share of Irish taxes. MINISTER CHARLIE FLANNIGAN: We will continue with a very attractive rate of corporation tax. But we also offer something that perhaps might not be as evident in the United States, and that is a very skilled and adaptable workforce. PATRICIA SABGA: Veronique de Rugy is a Senior Fellow with the Mercatus Center at George Mason University — a conservative think tank partially funded by the Koch Brothers. She says corporate taxes ultimately fall on workers. VERONIQUE DE DERUGY: Economics 101 — we know now that the person writing the check is not necessarily the one shouldering the burden of the tax. 70 percent of the burden of the corporate income tax falls on the workers in the form of lower wages. PATRICIA SABGA: When the Trump Administration unveiled, its one-page outline for rewriting the tax code this week, it featured a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 to 15 percent. The White House also wants a one-time “tax holiday” that would allow American companies to repatriate that 2.6 trillion dollars in overseas cash at a reduced, though as yet reduced rate. SECRETARY STEVEN MNUNCHIN: Which will bring back trillions of dollars that are offshore to be invested here in the United States to purchase capital and to create jobs. PATRICIA SABGA: In addition, the White House wants to stop taxing profits earned overseas. That’s also a staple of the tax reform blueprint put forward by House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady. The Ryan-Brady plan would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent — not 15 — and would introduce a new tax on imports to offset the revenue loss. Republican Illinois Congressman Peter Roskam chairs the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. REP. PETER ROSKAM: Tax cuts have to pay for themselves. Our argument is this will create growth, and that pays for itself. PATRICIA SABGA: The proposed new tax is called a Border Adjustment Tax — a 20 percent levy on imports, which Roskam says, will encourage companies to produce more in the U.S. and keep profits here. REP. PETER ROSKAM: Right now, if you’re a manufacturer in the Chicago area, if you’re in my constituency and you’re making a product, the cost of your product includes the income tax that the company pays for that. Then when it’s exported and it goes into another jurisdiction, it goes to, let’s say Germany, for example. The Germans move that in, and they tax it as well. Our weakness here is that the inverse is not true. So if you’re a German manufacturer, and you’re making something in Stuttgart, Germany, when it comes to the United States, we don’t tax it. So literally our products are double taxed, theirs are not taxed. PATRICIA SABGA: The CEOs of 16 American exporting giants which underpin millions of American jobs — including Boeing and Caterpillar — agree. In a letter to Congress, they said the border adjustment tax is a “critical element” of tax reform “that ensures goods and services produced abroad face the same tax burden as those produced in the United States.” But more than 100 American companies and trade groups that rely on cheap imports — including retailer Wal-Mart, which alone employs one-and-a-half million Americans — oppose a border adjustment tax. They say it would increase their costs, leaving them little choice but to raise prices for consumers. But Congressman Roskam says that’s unlikely, because a border adjustment tax will increase of the value of the dollar and effectively lower the cost of imports. Interview REP. PETER ROSKAM: As these border adjustment moves in, the dollar gets stronger. The price of imports gets lower, and we can make transition rules that are reasonable for companies. PATRICIA SABGA: Many economists, including Veronique de Rugy, question whether the dollar would rise sufficiently. Interview VERONIQUE DE DERUGY: The idea that the dollar will adjust not only perfectly and completely to the border adjustment tax but also quickly is an article of faith. PATRICIA SABGA: In February, President Trump said a border adjustment tax: “could lead to a lot more jobs in the United States.” But this week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the White House does not support it “in its current form.” The White House says its corporate tax cuts will pay for themselves through higher economic growth. But with many economists warning the plan could add trillions to the federal budget deficit, there are serious differences to bridge to parlay frustration with the corporate tax code into fundamental change. REP. PETER ROSKAM: We can’t stay here. This current tax code is a failure. There is a massive amount of money, and whether it’s $1 trillion, $2 trillion, $3 trillion, or $4 trillion, it’s too much money that’s stuck overseas. And we need to create an environment where that money can come back. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT corporate tax corporations NewsHour Weekend president donald trump Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL Loading... READ MORE Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Seven unusual trends taking hold since Trump's inauguration 2 Shields and Brooks on Trump’s 100-day performance 3 Column: 6 questions to ask at every doctor’s appointment 4 Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world 5 A self-made success? Let’s kill that myth 1 Shields and Brooks on Trump’s 100-day performance 2 A self-made success? Let’s kill that myth 3 Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world 4 FCC chair Ajit Pai explains why he wants to scrap net neutrality 5 Can Arctic ecosystems survive without river icings? TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / SpaceX to launch secretive satellite for U.S. intelligence agency SpaceX to launch secretive satellite for U.S. intelligence agency Posted on Saturday, April 29, 2017 by CNN in Business News Elon Musk’s SpaceX will attempt to deliver a mysterious satellite into orbit for the intelligence community on Sunday. Liftoff is slated for 7 a.m. ET from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The customer for this launch is the National Reconnaissance Office — a U.S. government agency that develops and maintains spy satellites. The NRO says it surveys potential threats to the United States by tracking terrorists and monitoring the development of nuclear weapons in other countries. It can also provide an early warning of a potential missile strike. The payload for the Sunday launch, which is being referred to as NROL-76, is classified. SpaceX shared no details on what type of surveillance the device will perform, how large it is or where in orbit it will be delivered. Sometime next year, SpaceX is scheduled to deliver GPS satellites into orbit for the Air Force. Musk has fought hard to win launch contracts with the U.S. government. Boeing and Lockheed Martin’s United Launch Alliance previously held a lock on that business, and Musk filed a lawsuit against the government in 2014 for the right to bid for military contracts. NASA is a longtime SpaceX customer. The company has conducted nine resupply missions to the International Space Station under NASA contracts since 2012. Sunday’s launch is the first for SpaceX since the historic SES-10 mission last month. That mission marked the first time SpaceX launched a used first-stage rocket booster toward orbital space — marking a huge leap toward reaching SpaceX’s goal of drastically reducing the price of spaceflight. The ability to reuse rockets is key. The most expensive portion of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 — which has a sticker price of $62 million — is the first-stage booster, which accounts for up to 70% of the cost, according to Musk. SpaceX will use a new rocket in Sunday’s mission. But the company has plans to launch as many as six more missions with used rockets this year. And SpaceX will attempt to recover the first-stage booster after Sunday’s launch, setting up that rocket to potentially complete another mission in the future. Will Ferrell returns as Bush for 'Not the White House Correspondents' Dinner' If Trump wants a new NAFTA, here's what he has to do Related Posts Marvel’s ‘Doctor Strange’ trailer debuts on Jimmy Kimmel Live The last days of Steve Jobs Scott Walker OKs $250 million in taxpayer dollars for sports arena American Airlines eliminating in-seat screens on new jets Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life SpaceX Will Launch a Spy Satellite for the U.S. Government Share Tweet SpaceX Will Launch a Spy Satellite for the U.S. Government By Joshua Espinoza Find him on Twitter. Apr 29, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Getty/Kate Allen SpaceX is entering the spy satellite business. This weekend, the aerospace manufacturer will launch its first major payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, breaking a 10-year monopoly by the United Launch Alliance. The spy satellite NROL-76 will reportedly launch on a Falcon 9 between 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Unsurprisingly, there aren’t many details about the satellite, including its size, how long it would take to deploy, the cost, and its final orbit. It’s also unclear if this will mark the beginning of an ongoing partnership between SpaceX and the NRO. Related Teen Gets Sweet Revenge on Ex Who Dumped Her a Week Before Prom McDonald's Is Saying Goodbye to Hi-C Orange Drink People Spotted Apple’s Self-Driving Test Car in Silicon Valley It is widely believed a Falcon 9 launched NRO payloads as as a part of NASA’s Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstration Flight 1 in 2010. In 2014, the company's founder Elon Musk sued the Federal Government for unfair practices, claiming the Air Force improperly awarded non-competitive launch contracts for military satellites to ULA (a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin​). The suit was settled in 2015, and according to Quartz, SpaceX secured winning bids for two Air Force contracts shortly after. The launch will be broadcasted on Space.com courtesy of SpaceX. About 10 minutes after the launch, the first stage of the rocket will make its way back to Earth and attempt to land at SpaceX’s Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The broadcast will begin at 6:40 a.m. ET. WatchNow Tags: News, Space, Spying, US Government, SpaceX  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Here's Why People Think Mark Zuckerberg Is Going to Run for President BY Joshua Espinoza 5 hours ago Pop Culture Will Ferrell Revives George W. Bush Impression to Tear Donald Trump Apart BY Kyle Neubeck 6 hours ago Delta Airlines Pilot Filmed Hitting Female Passenger in Atlanta Airport BY Joshua Espinoza 8 hours ago Jimmy John's Employee Speaks Out on Robbery, Calls Gunman a 'B*tch' BY Kyle Neubeck 9 hours ago A Man Dressed as Spider-Man Is on a Robbery Spree in NYC BY Kyle Neubeck 10 hours ago SpaceX Will Launch a Spy Satellite for the U.S. Government BY Joshua Espinoza 10 hours ago Teen Gets Sweet Revenge on Ex Who Dumped Her a Week Before Prom BY Kyle Neubeck 12 hours ago McDonald's Is Saying Goodbye to Hi-C Orange Drink BY Jose Martinez 15 hours ago People Spotted Apple’s Self-Driving Test Car in Silicon Valley BY Aaron Mansfield Apr 28, 2017 Report Indicates ‘10 Concerts’ Facebook Trend Could Compromise Your Internet Security BY Aaron Mansfield Apr 28, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > CPG and Southwest Airlines Team Up at Experiential Marketing Summit in Chicago this May CPG and Southwest Airlines Team Up at Experiential Marketing Summit in Chicago this May Thursday, 20 April 2017 (1 week ago) The internal engagement agency will sponsor and present at EMS, outlining the experiential strategies that create brand advocates for everyone’s favorite airline. (PRWEB) April 20, 2017 St. Louis, MO: CPG is joined by Southwest Airlines to present at Event Marketer’s Experiential Marketing Summit on May 3, 2017 at Chicago’s McCormick Place. Fred Bendaña, CPG’s SVP of Sales & Marketing, takes the stage alongside Leslie Shults, Manager of Culture Services for Southwest Airlines. Together, the pair will showcase the latest experiential marketing trends and results from their powerful partnership. Bendaña and Shults will present, “Internal Events: How to Transform Employees into Brand Advocates” on Thursday, May 4, at 11:15am (CST). The session will introduce how a successful experience-driven campaign must start with your people. These internal employees can be transformed into powerful brand ambassadors externally. They’ll outline the strategy, design and technology that helps Southwest Airlines’ rally together their employee base and turn a series of moments into a movement. “As CPG and Southwest Airlines continue to innovate and amplify the employee experience with the annual Southwest Rallies, we want to provide actionable tips on how brands can leverage their own content, experiences and messages to reach employees effectively,” said Bendaña. “Like the experiential engagement moments that bring the Southwest message of “One Team, All Heart” home for employees, we’ll show how other brands can make their next internal gathering a love fest for their company culture and a platform for employee advocacy!” Along with this special, in-depth presentation, CPG is also a proud sponsor of the Experiential Marketing Summit 2017. CPG is excited to play a big role in helping EMS present an explosive collection of event trends, insights, case studies and ideas from top brands across the globe. Over 2,000 marketers will attend this 3-day conference to discover how their favorite brands are using experiential marketing to transform their businesses. To learn more about CPG’s experiential solutions, please visit cpgagency.com. About CPG Agency CPG is an internal engagement agency that designs immersive, employee experiences for top brands and their greatest asset - their people. CPG's live experiences, internal communication campaigns and immersive digital strategies bring internal stakeholders together in meaningful ways and create brand advocates. For over thirty years, CPG has supported brands like Southwest Airlines, Jimmy John's, Carnival Corporation, Boeing, Citi, Ulta Beauty, Kohl's and Planet Fitness to deliver impactful engagement solutions that connect people, inspire action and grow business. About Experiential Marketing Summit The Experiential Marketing Summit is a three-day conference on experiential marketing trends, insights and case studies and has been taking place for 15 years. The conference itself features more than 80 sessions taught by senior-level event executives from Fortune 500 companies. These sessions focus on several key areas: Emerging Trends, More Efficient Events, Reinventing Overall Experiences, Building Event Strategies, Measurement and more. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases Aspiring Entrepreneurs Flock to NEW YORK CITY for World’s Largest Franchise Expo Belle Vernon, PENNSYLVANIA Wins Title of Kraft Hockeyville™ USA Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Samantha Bee Al Pacino Current Topics House Correspondents NFL Draft Sounders Hasan Minhaj Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Trump's First 100 Days: 'I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE EASIER' Which Jurassic Park Star Is Rejoining The Franchise? What Is This Strange Light In The Canadian Sky - And Why Are We Calling It 'Steve'? The Fresh Prince Is Back - And He's a Genie, Too Does This Hungry Critter Hold The Secret To Plastic Disposal? Look Who Just Joined The Driverless Car Race MOVIE REVIEW: Their Finest Will Macron Make Good On May 7th? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion LIFT OFF SpaceX set to make first top-secret US military satellite launch on Sunday Apart from the people who designed, built and work with the satellite, nobody knows any details By Sara Kamouni 29th April 2017, 8:17 pm Updated: 29th April 2017, 11:40 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments AEROSPACE manufacturer SpaceX is set to make its first military launch on Sunday – with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. The payload, which was first announced last year and is known only as NROL-76, is top secret. EPA 2 The Falcon 9 rocket was also launched at the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral, Florida on March 30 Apart from the people who designed, built and work with the satellite, nobody knows any details about it. Usually, NRO satellites monitor weapons proliferation in other countries and bomb damage, as well as terrorists, drug trafficking, and crime. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens at 7am local time on Sunday (12pm UK time). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing at SpaceX’s Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. most read in world 'BIG, FAT FAILING GRADE' Trump accuses media of misleading Americans with 'fake news' as he marks 100th day in office Trump in Kim blast Donald Trump accuses North Korea of 'disrespecting the wishes of China' after  ballistic missile test PLANE CRASH TRAGEDY Military plane crashes into mountain in Cuba 50 miles west of Havana killing eight soldiers TOT HOAX Italian woman 'returns mixed-race surrogate baby after faking a pregnancy to fool her family' KIM 'WILL SINK US FLAGSHIP' Kim Jong-un threatens to blow up US Navy carrier with SINGLE missile as American warships sail within ‘striking distance’ of North Korea BATTLE STATIONS Kim Jong-un threatens to blow up US Navy fleet with SINGLE missile as warships sail within ‘striking distance’ of North Korea in response to ballistic missile flop This is your captain beating Shocking moment Delta pilot SMACKS woman while trying to break up fight between two female passengers after landing MAULED TO DEATH Bodyboarder, 28, who dedicated his life to preventing shark attacks is killed by one of the beasts - two months after his best friend was savaged to death HOPE IN HELL Life slowly returns to normal in freed section of Mosul as toy shops reopen after cruel ISIS ban EASY RIDER Awkward moment Uber driver accidentally picks up a prostitute instead of his passenger SCALPED AT THE FAIRGROUND Girl, 12, whose ‘pretty hair’ was ripped off after getting caught in spinning carnival ride recalls moment her head was ‘smushed’ WINGING IT Heartstopping moment plane sends sparks flying into the air before slamming into the earth after landing WITHOUT WHEELS when section fell off midair The attempt is part of SpaceX’s effort to make rocket parts recyclable – and the California-based company, headed by Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year on launching government satellites exclusively with United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin. But SpaceX in 2014 filed a lawsuit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. EPA 2 The Falcon 9 rocket is the first pre-flown rocket to be reused as a booster into space Breaking ULA’s monopoly has pushed prices down for the US government – and SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. Corey Keppler, a defence consultant and retired Air Force colonel who has worked at the NRO, told Wired: “SpaceX is the new guy on the block, and they’re giving them a chance to see if they can get the job done,” If Sunday’s launch is postponed, it will be rescheduled to another launch window which opens on May 1. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 most read in world 'BIG, FAT FAILING GRADE' Trump accuses media of misleading Americans with 'fake news' as he marks 100th day in office Trump in Kim blast Donald Trump accuses North Korea of 'disrespecting the wishes of China' after  ballistic missile test PLANE CRASH TRAGEDY Military plane crashes into mountain in Cuba 50 miles west of Havana killing eight soldiers TOT HOAX Italian woman 'returns mixed-race surrogate baby after faking a pregnancy to fool her family' KIM 'WILL SINK US FLAGSHIP' Kim Jong-un threatens to blow up US Navy carrier with SINGLE missile as American warships sail within ‘striking distance’ of North Korea BATTLE STATIONS Kim Jong-un threatens to blow up US Navy fleet with SINGLE missile as warships sail within ‘striking distance’ of North Korea in response to ballistic missile flop This is your captain beating Shocking moment Delta pilot SMACKS woman while trying to break up fight between two female passengers after landing MAULED TO DEATH Bodyboarder, 28, who dedicated his life to preventing shark attacks is killed by one of the beasts - two months after his best friend was savaged to death HOPE IN HELL Life slowly returns to normal in freed section of Mosul as toy shops reopen after cruel ISIS ban EASY RIDER Awkward moment Uber driver accidentally picks up a prostitute instead of his passenger SCALPED AT THE FAIRGROUND Girl, 12, whose ‘pretty hair’ was ripped off after getting caught in spinning carnival ride recalls moment her head was ‘smushed’ WINGING IT Heartstopping moment plane sends sparks flying into the air before slamming into the earth after landing WITHOUT WHEELS when section fell off midair The Sun Topics Military Space Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular BATTLE STATIONS Kim Jong-un threatens to blow up US Navy fleet with SINGLE missile as warships sail within ‘striking… News Exclusive WAZZA ON THE RAZZA Wayne Rooney cosies up to brunette beauty as he guzzles pints of Stella in 3am boozing session Football THE REAL NAKED CHEF Saucy chef becomes worldwide hit after peeling off her clothes for cooking show News Warning SPOT OF BOTHER Stomach-churning moment wife pops huge spot on husband’s face – which had been there FOUR years News RIP CAL Casualty viewers left devastated at the shock death of fan favourite Caleb Knight in the season finale TV & Showbiz Exclusive POP STAR FEARS British singer probed over claims he raped 14-year-old girl 'petrified' after name spreads online News Does she own any clothes?! TV host Jenny Scordamaglia goes clubbing naked... just days after cooking in the buff Living BOTTOMS UP Days after Kim Kardashian beach photos revealed her unairbrushed bum - Russia’s version shows off hers News BISH, BASH, JOSH Anthony Joshua climbs off the canvas to blast Wladimir Klitschko away in amazing 11th-round blitz at… Sport Live Blog REACTION Reaction as Anthony Joshua pulls off one of the best win in British boxing history after stopping Klitschko Sport bump 'n' grind Kerry Katona shows off three-stone weight loss as she kisses George Kay and gives him a lap dance TV & Showbiz Eternal bachelorette Susanna Reid insists she is happy being single - and she will NEVER get married TV & Showbiz Revealed INJUSTICE RILES SELENA Singer Selena Gomez hits out at her ex Justin Bieber with epic diss-track Bad Girlfriend TV & Showbiz MAULED TO DEATH Bodyboarder, 28, who dedicated his life to preventing shark attacks is killed by one of the beasts - two… News ARE YOU THE LUCKY WINNER? Winning Lotto numbers for Saturday 29 April 2017 £9.9million jackpot News Just Published Exclusive JIHAD ENOUGH? Whitehall terror suspect filmed in playground scrap as a 15-year-old  - as cops step up surveillance on… News 'BIG, FAT FAILING GRADE' Trump accuses media of misleading Americans with 'fake news' as he marks 100th day in office News the sun says The EU has blinked first and shown their hand - now we must cleverly play ours News Exclusive LAGS TRANS-FURY New Hall staff and inmates fearful after five transsexuals are sent to the women's prison News Exclusive Shamed cop pay day Former Portuguese police chief cashes in on missing Maddie with £10k chat and crime scene pics News Trump in Kim blast Donald Trump accuses North Korea of 'disrespecting the wishes of China' after  ballistic missile test News Comment John Mann Forget about the leaders... just vote red to avoid Tory landslide danger, says Labour MP News Comment John Curtice Labour have to explain to voters how and why Jeremy Corbyn would make a good PM, otherwise they're doomed News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
The Spring Fund Drive: Day Twenty-Seven Let a $5 donation be your good deed for the day. We simply can't do this without your support. Remember: this web site is not a hobby. It's a full-time job for the people who run it. Without adequate income, we will have to shut down. That's not a threat - it's reality. Can you spare $5? $1? Because no donation is too small, and we really, really need the money. If everyone reading this message donated only $5.00 right now, we could end this fundraiser today. Think about that. And please help if you can. We thank you! Today's tally: $128 from 5 people. TOTAL TALLY: $4,761 from 176 people. (As of 4pm EDT, Apr 29th)   All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About Please Read Our New Guidelines for Comments and Commenters How to register for a user account (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Kali Holloway's blog The Great Job Exodus Is Upon Us: Trump's Promise to Save American Labor Is Already a Bust Kali Holloway Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (0) Share    Jobs by Kali Holloway | April 29, 2017 - 6:56am — from Alternet One of the many impossible promises Donald Trump made on the campaign trail was that he, and he alone, would be able to stem the tide of American jobs moving overseas. Though it was on its face a lie as unbelievable and untenable as all the other lies, it only further solidified Trump’s “America First” bonafides with his base. Fast-forward to nearly 100 days into Trump's presidency, and his casting of himself as a hybrid strongman-miracle worker seems only slightly less absurd than his supporters' continued belief in this invention. Not only has Trump not been the great job savior he proclaimed himself, but thousands of jobs continue to flow to places like Mexico and China. One day after he vowed to exit NAFTA, a ThinkProgress analysis found that “since Trump was sworn in on January 20, at least 11,934 American jobs have either been moved abroad or are in the process of leaving the country.” The figure is based on data from the Department of Labor Trade Adjustment Assistance program, but since there’s no agency or organization that keeps exact tabs on the number of jobs leaving America for cheaper environs abroad, “the actual number is almost certainly much higher." ThinkProgress' investigation is aligned with recent reports of individual companies shipping thousands of jobs beyond America’s borders. A Bloomberg report from March found that: Illinois Tool Works Inc. will close an auto-parts plant in Mazon, Illinois, this month and head to Ciudad Juarez. Triumph Group Inc. is reducing the Spokane, Washington, workforce that makes fiber-composite parts for Boeing Co. aircraft and moving production to Zacatecas and Baja California. TE Connectivity Ltd. is shuttering a pressure-sensor plant in Pennsauken, New Jersey, in favor of a facility in Hermosillo. Trump’s method for attempting to keep jobs in the country was simply to yell at manufacturers, often via social media where he assumed public pressure and bad press would outweigh the lure of enhanced profits and even less regulation. He was, predictably, wrong. Though Trump has repeatedly tried to take credit for saving thousands of jobs across the country, he’s failed to persuade company heads to stay put. And in cases where businesses have pulled back on plans to send jobs to other countries, Trump has had nothing to do with the decision-making process. Indianapolis-based firm Rexnord is moving 300 jobs to Monterrey, Mexico, despite a December tweet by Trump meant to shame the company into staying. That company is located just up the road from Carrier, the air conditioning manufacturer Trump falsely claimed to have bribed into keeping 1,100 jobs in its home state. Like nearly every victory claimed by the president, it too was a lie. As CNN Money notes, only 800 factory jobs were saved while 500 are still being shifted south. Trump’s falsehood moved a local union leader to declare POTUS had “lied his ass off.” “Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show on the numbers,” Chuck Jones, president of the local steelworkers union, told the Washington Post. “I almost threw up in my mouth.” The ThinkProgress investigation found that jobs are being lost nationwide, “from Maine to Florida, from Arizona to Wisconsin,” in fields beyond the factory, such as “medicine, technology, even finance.” As Trump continues to drive money out of the economy and drive sales figures down for various industries (likely costing the U.S. billions in lost tourism, for example), the job exodus will likely continue. _______ About author Kali Holloway is a senior writer and the associate editor of media and culture at AlterNet. Vote Result Score: 0.0, Votes: 0 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Kali Holloway's blog | login or register to post comments | 304 reads --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News 44 Leaders, Legislators And Artists Sum Up Trump’s First 100 Days Apr 29 2017 - 9:29pm (0 comments) UK was given details of alleged contacts between Trump campaign and Moscow Apr 29 2017 - 8:34am (0 comments) Missouri has a new law that makes fights in grade school a felony.... Apr 28 2017 - 9:01pm (0 comments) Climate change causes glacial river in Yukon to change direction Apr 28 2017 - 7:42pm (1 comments) Gap Debuts New Line Of Children’s Sweaters To Clutch To Chest When Son Goes Missing Apr 28 2017 - 7:17pm (0 comments) Trump signs order to expand drilling in Arctic, Atlantic oceans Apr 28 2017 - 7:08pm (0 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by IllinoisYellowDog 40 posts, 2895 views Presidential Historians Survey 2017 Hard to read, but the info is there. by chlorocardium 2 posts, 894 views Your favorite SC screen name by skeezyks 81 posts, 7542 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 5972 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 691 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 764 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 864 views more » Recent Threads WHAT SO MANY AMERICANS SIMPLY DO NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THEIR OWN COUNTRY - PARALLELS OF AMERICA TODAY WITH 16TH CENTURY CHURCH by John Chuckman 2 comments The brotherhood that oil built: Terror in the Middle East by Jane Stillwater 3 comments IN FIFTY YEARS AMERICA'S TWO BOUTS OF MASS KILLING AND DESTRUCTION - HOW THE WEST HAS CHANGED IN ITS REACTIONS OVER THAT TIME by John Chuckman 0 comments PATRIOT-TYPES WHO DREAM OF REBELLION - MINDS COMICALLY STUCK IN TWO CENTURIES AGO - COMPLETE AND DEVASTATING FAILURE OF TRUMP by John Chuckman 0 comments ISRAEL'S 1967 ATTACK ON INTELLIGENCE SHIP U.S.S. LIBERTY DURING ITS SIX DAY WAR OF CONQUEST - LYNDON JOHNSON IS THE ONLY MYSTERY by John Chuckman 1 comments "War" and the next American generations by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Please send good thoughts for Georgia's 6th District ... by Georgia K 0 comments WHY A RUNAWAY EX-SYRIAN GENERAL'S CLAIM ABOUT TONNES OF CHEMICALS IN SYRIA IS GARBAGE - AND ANOTHER TRUE STORY ABOUT CHEMICALS by John Chuckman 17 comments A PROFESSOR SAYS KIM JONG UN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE BOTH UNSTABLE BULLIES - WHY THE ANALYSIS IS WEAK AND MISSES THE POINT by John Chuckman 8 comments WE LIVE IN THE MOST DISHONEST AND HYPOCRITICAL AND VIOLENT TIMES - WHY? - HINT: IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA OR ASSAD by John Chuckman 0 comments ALL THAT'S FIT TO PRINT ABOUT THE GOOD SHIP NEW YORK TIMES AND ITS GROTESQUE BOW FIGUREHEAD THOMAS FRIEDMAN - NOTE ON PULITZERS by John Chuckman 2 comments WHY YOU MIGHT THINK THE MAFIA RUNS AMERICAN FOREIGN AFFAIRS - BUT THE OUTFIT REALLY RUNNING THINGS MAKES THE MAFIA SEEM PIKERS - by John Chuckman 3 comments TULSI GABBARD IS THAT RAREST OF THINGS: AN AMERICAN POLITICIAN WHO THINKS FOR HERSELF AND IS HONEST - WHY SHE HAS NO FUTURE by John Chuckman 0 comments PUTIN'S PUT-DOWN OF NATO SUPPORT FOR AMERICAN ILLEGAL BOMBING: "NODDING LIKE BOBBLEHEADS" - SADLY CANADA'S DISAPPOINTING TRUDEAU by John Chuckman 0 comments POSSIBILITY SYRIAN GAS ATTACK WAS A FRAUD - WHITE HELMETS ALWAYS DOUBTFUL ACTORS - ANOTHER POSSIBILITY - INTEGRITY OF CORPORATE by John Chuckman 1 comments EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT SYRIA AND AMERICA'S NEW COLD WAR WITH RUSSIA - AS ESTABLISHMENT FIGHTS TO CONTROL EARTH by John Chuckman 0 comments NETANYAHU GIVEN BOX SEAT TO VIEW TRUMP'S BOMBING OF SYRIA - HOW FITTING IS THAT? HE IS ONE OF THE BEGETTERS AND THE MAIN BENEFIC by John Chuckman 2 comments COMPLETE DEGRADATION OF A SELF-STYLED GREAT NATION WHICH ALLOWS PAID THUGS TO USE POISON GAS AS AN EXCUSE FOR MORE KILLING STILL by John Chuckman 1 comments COMPLETE DEGRADATION OF A SELF-STYLED GREAT NATION WHICH ALLOWS PAID THUGS TO USE POISON GAS AS AN EXCUSE FOR MORE KILLING STILL by John Chuckman 0 comments ATTACKING PEOPLE WITH FLEETS OF MISSILES BEFORE YOU HAVE ANY FACTS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED - TRUMP REDUCED TO MEANINGLESS FIGURE by John Chuckman 6 comments TRUMP'S FRIGHTENING TURNAROUND ON SYRIA - A STRONG SIGNAL ABOUT WHO REALLY RUNS THE SHOW - NIGHTMARE WORLD AMERICA IS BUILDING by John Chuckman 1 comments THE POISON GAS ATTACK AT IDLIB SYRIA - FIRST THOUGHTS - THE PRESS'S RELENTLESS DISHONESTY ABOUT SUCH HORRORS by John Chuckman 1 comments USA Deep State Acts as a Bully Trying to Beat Down Russia, and Here is Why by volmarr 2 comments AIPAC & America's "Christian" Right: Legitimizing bigotry by Jane Stillwater 0 comments AMERICA'S POLITICS WITHOUT MEANING - THE FUNDAMENTAL QUESTIONS ABOUT THE COUNTRY'S STRUCTURE WHICH NO AMERICAN DARES ASK by John Chuckman 0 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 44039 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 26327 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 15231 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 17779 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 114900 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 28408 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 28862 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 15648 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 28449 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 12721 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14663 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12614 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 43459 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 13385 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 12593 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « April 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 2 users and 29 guests online. Online users MissMarple Eldorado   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Popularity of Russian Pilots on the Rise in China (PHOTOS) © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Business 17:59 29.04.2017(updated 22:25 29.04.2017) Get short URL 21671292 In recent years, Chinese airlines have made tremendous progress in terms of the rising need for air transportation. Due to that airlines such as Chengdu Airlines and Sichuan Airlines have started actively inviting foreign pilots to work for them. A Sputnik correspondent soon discovered that these companies show great interest in Russian pilots. © AP Photo/ China's New Jet Airliner to Be Tested in First Quarter of 2017A Sputnik correspondent visited the headquarters of Chengdu Airlines, where he talked with the head of personnel. The correspondent also met with Russian pilots who work for the Chinese airlines and met with representatives of the recruiting company WASINC, which selects pilots around the world for Chinese airlines. Currently, Russian pilots are one of the most sought after on the Chinese market. According to representatives of the Chinese airlines, the main competitive advantages of Russian pilots are their excellent flight technique honed by long-term practice in Russian airlines, which are distinguished by a special corporate culture and discipline. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova At the Chengdu Shuangliu International airport According to aviation experts, over the next 10-20 years, China will need 4 —5,000 aircraft pilots each year. In addition to that, China has also become the world's largest buyer of passenger aircraft Airbus and Boeing. With such a rapid development, China is facing an acute shortage of experienced flight captains. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Aircraft at the Chengdu Shuangliu International airport “In Chengdu Airlines there are 21 pilots from Russia, so they are accounting for 36 percent of all the pilots in the company. Russian pilots have a good command of the flight technique, and they can communicate effectively in the team. We hope to attract as many Russian pilots as possible,” Wang Ping from Chengdu Airlines told Sputnik correspondent in an interview. He further said that compared to Europeans, Americans and South Americans, “Russians possess superior flight technique.” © Sputnik/ Maksim Blinov Russian Aviation Company S7 Group Upgrades to Aerospace HoldingDu Shengtao, head of the recruiting department at Chengdu Airlines said, “In May we plan to hold a job fair in Russia. In our opinion, there are a lot of pilots in Russia and they are distinguished by the best flight technique, physical and psychological qualities. We hope that even more Russian pilots will choose our airline.” One such Russian pilot who currently works for the Chinese airline is Mark Khokhlov. He has been working with Chengdu Airlines for about a year. Before that, he was the captain of Russian S7 airlines. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Former captain in Siberia Airlines and UTair Dmitry Radaev “The [Chengdu] airline was introduced to me by one of my colleagues. I am very pleased with my choice. It offers comfortable conditions and work schedule. I work for six weeks and then I’m off for four weeks, so I can spend my holidays in Russia or elsewhere,” Khokhlov said. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova At the Chengdu Shuangliu International airport He said that the pay is quite high and his Chinese counterparts are all on good terms with the Russian pilots so the work environment is friendly as well. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Former captain in Siberia Airlines and UTair Dmitry Radaev “A lot of pilots from Russia are working in Hainan and Sichuan Airlines. This is an opportunity to learn to operate a large type of aircraft. In China, the air transportation market is developing very powerfully,” Khokhlov added. One of Boeing's latest forecast reports suggests that in the next 20 years, Chinese aircraft manufacturers, such as China Southern Airlines, Air China, etc., will need about 6,330 new aircraft with a total value of about $950 billion, which is 17% of the global demand for aircraft. That means that China will bypass the US and become the world's largest market for aircraft and tourism. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Chengdu airlines Currently, China holds second place in the market of aviation development. Steven Turner, chairman of the Wasinc recruiting company, which deals with hiring pilots for Chinese airlines, said that despite the fact that the Chinese have significantly increased the number of pilots working for the Chinese airlines, it is still not quite enough to meet the rapidly developing Chinese market. © Sputnik/ Irina Gavrikova Pilots of the Chengdu Airlines “We have been operating in the Chinese market for 10 years; about 50-60 pilots from Russia are working in the Chinese airlines. For some time, Chinese airlines could not hire pilots from Russia because they did not have access to their so-called history,” Turner said. He further added that, “Since 2015, however, they [Chinese airlines] began to receive pilots from Russia and realized that Russian pilots are highly qualified, not only from the point of view of technical skills but also in terms of their ability to communicate well in a team setting. In Turner’s opinion, Russia is a priority market. The company has also started hiring female pilots now. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 292 Related: United Airlines CEO to Visit China After Incident With Harassed Passenger Calm Skies Ahead: China Begins Testing of First Domestic C919 Airliner Russian SSJ100 Airliner Deliveries to China Face Engine Licensing Difficulties China’s New Passenger Airline C919 to Challenge Boeing, Airbus? Tags: demand, Chinese economy, airline, pilot, interview, China TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Series of Tornadoes in Texas Claim Lives of Five People, Injure Over 50 09:17Russia, China See Diplomacy as Only Solution of North Korean Crisis – Ambassador 08:01Over 40% French Believe Neither Macron Nor Le Pen Able to Unite Country – Poll 07:16Trump Discusses North Korean 'Threat' With Philippine President Duterte 06:32ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l ObligationsAll news Russia's Clear Signal to US: Think Twice Before Using Your Nukes 23116 PAK DA: Russian Defense Ministry Reveals When New Stealth Bomber Will Fly 20439 Germany's Migrant Crisis: 'By 2060 There Will Be No Germany as We Know It' 17701 Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 12900 China Regrets Propaganda Poster of Russian MiGs, US Combat Vessels 10528All news Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 42 US Pacific Commander: Pyongyang’s Actions Could Justify Invasion of North Korea 41 Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' 35 Syria Confirms Israeli Missile Attacks Near Damascus Int'l Airport - Reports 34 What’s Next for Iran-Russia Military Cooperation After Delivery of S-300? 29All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Night Rehearsal of the Victory Day Military Parade in Moscow Macron the Media Bouncer Yakovlev Yak-130 Light Attack and Training Aircraft News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space SpaceX SpaceX is about to launch its first big satellite for the US military this weekend New, 7 comments Liftoff is scheduled for 7AM ET Sunday morning by Loren Grush@lorengrush Apr 29, 2017, 10:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin This weekend, SpaceX is slated to do its very first national security mission for the US military — sending a spy satellite into orbit for the National Reconnaissance Office. Dubbed NROL-76, the secretive payload is scheduled to go up on the company’s Falcon 9 rocket early Sunday morning from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. After launch, SpaceX will attempt to land the Falcon 9’s first stage — the 14-story high core of the rocket that contains the main engines and most of the fuel — on solid ground back at the Cape. Just like with other NRO launches, we don’t really know much about this satellite’s final destination or what the probe will do when it gets there. And typically, broadcasts of NRO missions are cut a bit short to hide the true purpose of the satellite and where it’s going. That means we probably won’t get as many shots of the rocket and satellite in space as we normally do when SpaceX does commercial launches. However, we should still get plenty of images of the first stage as it makes its descent to Earth. This will be the fourth time that SpaceX tries to land a Falcon 9 on the company’s Florida landing site. We don’t really know much about this satellite’s final destination or what the probe will do Tomorrow’s launch comes off the heels of SpaceX’s historic launch a few weeks ago, in which the company flew one of its landed Falcon 9 boosters for the first time. That launch successfully put a satellite into orbit for the Luxembourg-based company SES. SpaceX was also able to retrieve the first stage by landing it on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. The Falcon 9 launching the NROL-76 mission will be using a brand new first stage, however, and it’s not clear when SpaceX will by flying a used booster again. But tomorrow’s launch is still unique since it marks one of the few NRO missions in the last decade that hasn’t been done by the United Launch Alliance. ULA, a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, has basically had a monopoly on military launches for the last decade. However, SpaceX received certification in 2015 to launch military satellites after going through two years of reviews with the US Air Force. The idea was to create competition between military launch providers — a move that could potentially lower the costs of government missions. And since receiving its certification, SpaceX has won two contracts from the Air Force that have been publicly put up for bid. However, the NRO seems to have set up tomorrow’s launch with SpaceX at some unknown time in the past couple years. The NRO announced in May 2016 that it had tapped SpaceX to launch NROL-76 and that it’s possible that more NRO missions could be launched by SpaceX in the future, according to Space News. The NROL-76 mission patch. NRO While we don’t know a lot about the purpose of tomorrow’s launch, we do have the signature NRO patch that goes along with the mission. NRO launches have always been accompanied by a wild mission patch, typically depicting some massive animal conquering the Earth or a mystical being like a sorceress or dark knight. The NROL-76 patch deviates from that theme a bit, showcasing Lewis and Clark, both looking very stern, as they prepare to embark on their expedition westward. Specifically, the NRO says the two explorers on the patch are about “to discover and explore the newly purchased Louisiana Territory and report back to the National Command Authority (President Jefferson).” Perhaps that’s some kind of hint about the mission. Tomorrow’s launch is scheduled to get off the ground at 7AM ET, though SpaceX has a two-hour launch window, meaning its rocket can takeoff up until 9AM ET. There is also a backup launch time at 7AM ET, Monday May 1st. But weather is looking pretty good for a launch tomorrow; there’s an 80 percent chance that conditions will be favorable, according to Patrick Military Air Force. SpaceX’s coverage of the launch begins 20 minutes before liftoff, so check back then to watch the mission live. Next Up In Science Trump signs executive order to expand offshore oil and gas drilling in Arctic and beyond A vibrating smart fork might not help you lose weight after all Lego is releasing its coolest spaceship to date: an Apollo Saturn V What Trump’s first 100 days have meant for tech, science, and the future New stamp celebrates upcoming solar eclipse with heat-reactive transformation NASA finally admits the first flight of its new monster rocket won’t happen next year Now Trending Tesla reactivated its automatic braking system after losing top Consumer Reports score However, the AEB system only works up to 28 mph Logan’s black-and-white cut is coming to theaters on May 16th For one night only Amazon is shutting down Underground, its free Android app program The storefront will close at the end of this summer Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Turkey blocked access to Wikipedia after it refused to remove content by Andrew Liptak 6 comments / new Ray Bradbury’s hometown is crowdfunding a statue in his honor by Andrew Liptak 1 comment / new Vizio’s new TVs don’t do apps the way you’d expect by Chris Welch 15 comments / new Tesla reactivated its automatic braking system after losing top Consumer Reports score by Andrew Liptak 6 comments / new 9 new trailers you should watch this week by Jacob Kastrenakes 5 comments / new Amazon is shutting down Underground, its free Android app program by Andrew Liptak 2 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report EDUGUIDE Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Economy Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Economy Abu Dhabi invests Dh32 billion in special industrial zones Staff Report/dubai Filed on April 29, 2017 Share More > Vote An employee works in an Emirates Steel factory in Abu Dhabi. (Supplied photo) Manufacturing industries contributed more than six per cent to Abu Dhabi GDP in 2015 The emirate of Abu Dhabi benefited from increased industrial investments over the past years as a result of efforts to achieve economic diversification. Seeking to support the industrial sector, the emirate of Abu Dhabi has invested Dh32 billion over several years to develop specialised industrial zones equipped with the best infrastructure and logistical facilities. The Khalifa Industrial Zone (Kizad) is the most prominent of these zones and is serviced by the Khalifa Port. Five more industrial zones operate under the authority of the Higher Corporation for Specialised Economic Zones and plans have been set to build new cities to meet the growing needs of business. Investments in these industrial cities has today reached Dh98 billion, distributed over 606 factories practising various industrial activities, with more factories possibly opening soon. The contribution of manufacturing industries to the GDP of Abu Dhabi reached more than six per cent in 2015, their highest contribution since 2007, and around 12 per cent to the non-oil GDP at the end of 2015. Moreover, the estimates of foreign direct investment (FDI) in manufacturing activity in Abu Dhabi increased by 11.5 per cent in 2016 compared to 2015, after attracting Dh19.2 billion, which boosted its share in the total FDI to 20 per cent, according to an SCAD report. These developments came in parallel with Abu Dhabi's focus on attracting investments to advanced technology sectors, mainly aerospace and semiconductors. The emirate has also concentrated its efforts on localising the necessary technologies to improve the quality of industrial products through partnership deals with leading sector companies from around the world. Mubadala Investments covers many advanced industries that benefit the strategy adopted by Abu Dhabi to localise technologies. The company launched satellites in 2011 and concluded partnerships with large manufacturing companies. Emirate aerospace products have also become a key input into the manufacturing of Boeing and Airbus planes through Strata Manufacturing, a company based in the Nibras Al Ain Aerospace Park. Global Foundries, a company owned by the Mubadala Development Company, is specialised in the manufacturing of semiconductors. It is the result of a partnership between the Advanced Technology Investment Company, currently known as Mubadala Technology, and AMD, the Advanced Micro Devices company.  Global Foundries owns nine manufacturing facilities, five in Singapore, one in Dresden in Germany and three in the US.    The UAE hopes to attract new industrial investments worth over $70 billion by 2025 to increase the contribution of the industrial sector to the GDP from 14 per cent to 25 per cent by 2025. - business@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Economy Abu Dhabi invests Dh32 billion in special... Manufacturing industries contributed more than six per cent to Abu... READ MORE Banking/Financial Services Bank of Baroda lets you remit money to India for... Bank offers instant money transfer service at better exchange rates... READ MORE Economy Arab world must boost women in the workforce Economic gender parity could add billions to countries' growth READ MORE Markets Amazon's moves beyond retail get thumbs up from... Company wows again with 23% jump in sales, pushing shares to all-time ... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Health Applying for sick leave in Dubai? Read this new... The electronic system has been reprogrammed and no longer accepts... READ MORE Government Back-up power generators for Dubai projects,... DEWA has sent a circular requiring the installation of these power... READ MORE Bollywood Indian model-turned-actress dies in car accident She was taken to the hospital but was declared brought dead READ MORE Transport Video: New roads project to ease congestion in... The works under the first contract of the project will be completed... READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1039 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Dubai 654 confiscated cars in Dubai to be sold after May 25 29346 views | 27 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah RAK royal family member Sheikh Mohammed bin Khalid bin Humaid Al Qasimi passes away 21447 views | 28 April 2017 Bollywood When Amitabh Bachchan 'hit' Vinod Khanna with a glass 20659 views | 28 April 2017 India 'Hello, I'm an ISI agent but want to stay in India', Pakistani man claims at airport 20467 views | 29 April 2017 Movie reviews Bahubali 2: An epic end to the blockbuster 20324 views | 28 April 2017 Nation 1,600 gallstones removed from Emirati woman 18549 views | 27 April 2017 Bollywood Indian model-turned-actress dies in car accident 18289 views | 29 April 2017 India Is Dawood Ibrahim dead? Chhotta Shakeel answers 17096 views | 29 April 2017 Crime How a woman's headless body was found in Dubai desert 16271 views | 28 April 2017 Americas This country has changed entry rules for citizens of three nations 11263 views | 29 April 2017 Rest of Asia Video: Indonesian man dies while reciting Holy Quran 10819 views | 27 April 2017 India Video: 106-year-old Indian grandma is the new YouTube sensation 10815 views | 28 April 2017 Dubai 600 Dubai hotels warned, 250 fined for violations 9996 views | 27 April 2017 India This airline is offering Dubai visa services to passengers 9925 views | 29 April 2017 Weather Video: Rain brings respite in parts of UAE 9480 views | 28 April 2017 Crime Illegal UAE resident shows fake Emirates ID to policeman 119 votes | 26 April 2017 Bollywood Indian model-turned-actress dies in car accident 90 votes | 29 April 2017 Dubai How to get residence visa for your wife, children in UAE 84 votes | 26 April 2017 Dubai Dubai Police increases fines for traffic violations 84 votes | 25 April 2017 Health Thiqa cardholders to get 20% waiver on treatment costs 59 votes | 26 April 2017 Dubai How to get residence visa for your parents in UAE 53 votes | 24 April 2017 Dubai 10 UAE government jobs that expats can apply 53 votes | 24 April 2017 Aviation Soon, fly twice as fast on supersonic plane 50 votes | 25 April 2017 Saudi Arabia Saudi says no to Haj permits for UAE expats for 2 years 46 votes | 24 April 2017 Technology Video: Apple reveals its 'biggest product' in Dubai 42 votes | 25 April 2017 Dubai Regular visitor wins $1 million at Dubai Duty Free 38 votes | 25 April 2017 Dubai Power back in Dubai Mall after nearly two hours 34 votes | 24 April 2017 General 5 UAE jobs that can earn you more than Dh10,000 31 votes | 26 April 2017 International Can you spot a snake in this picture? 30 votes | 26 April 2017 Dubai Dubai Police rescue man after he falls into pit 28 votes | 25 April 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Survival guide Things To Do Elections 2015 Go to...Survival guide Things To Do Elections 2015 Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather Go to...Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather ATHEX INDEX: 712.170.8% Latest News Greece acquires five more ex-US Army CH-47D Chinook transport helicopters » Athens is preparing for every contingency as tensions grow in the region ... Turkey on a ‘Collision Course’ With the U.S. After Striking Kurdish Militias » Turkey-U.S. relations are deteriorating just as the U.S. gears up for an assault on the Syrian city ... The Tunguska Event: the most powerful explosion in documented history that still remains a mystery » Because the exact identity of the explosion is unclear, strange alternative theories has appeared ... It’s official: Humans are going to Mars » NASA has unveiled their mission ... INTERVIEW-SDSM’s Šekerinska sees political plan behind Skopje’s parliament raid » The man who has responsible for security is one of Gruevski’s right-hand men. It’s clear they’re ... Lovely Abigail Ratchford’s perfect body! (HOT VIDEOS-PHOTOS) » Up close & personal... ... Report: Yale students launch “Symbolic” hunger strike against University Admin » Greek former Yale student reports ... Tsipras: Greece is exiting the default chaos; technical agreement to close » He accuses New Democracy that his party have been in a constant vertigo ... German soldier posed as Syrian refugee to plan attack » Another suspect, identified only as a 24-year-old student from Offenbach, was also detained ... Russian naval ship, cargo vessel collide off Constantinople coast, all soldiers rescued » The collision was caused due to fog and low visibility ... It’s official: Humans are going to Mars Apr, 29 2017 Author: Thema Newsroom NASA has unveiled their mission Related NASA finally has a computer that can survive on Venus PhD thesis: The earth is flat! Meteor puts on a light show over Midwest and for… Humanity has been fascinated by Mars since long before we stepped foot on the Moon. Our planetary neighbor has been the subject of innumerable works of sci-fi and inspired countless dreams of adventure and exploration. Now, after decades of determination, research, and scientific breakthroughs, we’re finally ready to do it: humans are going to Mars. Really. On March 21, President Trump issued a mandate for NASA: get people to Mars by 2033. One week later, NASA responded with its most detailed plan to date for reaching the Red Planet, and it details five phases along the road to Mars. We’re in Phase 0 now, conducting tests at the International Space Station (ISS) and developing partnerships with private space companies. Phase I will span 2018 to 2025 and will include the launch and testing of six SLS rockets. Those rockets will deliver components of the Deep Space Gateway (DSG), a new space station to be built near the Moon to serve astronauts en route to Mars. After that, Phase II will launch the Deep Space Transport (DST) tube toward the lunar station in 2027, and in 2028 or 2029, astronauts will inhabit the tube for more than 400 days. In 2030, Phase III will see the DST restocked with supplies and the Mars crew via SLS rocket. Phase IV, of course, will be the trip itself in 2033. That means we’re just a scant 16 years away from reaching a goal that has eluded every generation that came before us. Completing the mission within their budget will be a challenge for NASA. That budget is currently about .5 percent of the total U.S. budget. For comparison, it was more than four percent during the Apollo Moon missions. The mission to Mars includes obstacles beyond budget — keeping astronauts healthy and reasonably happy on the journey is chief among them. Without stopovers between Earth and Mars, astronauts will need to port everything they need with them, including air, food, and water, for a round-trip duration of two or three years. Mental health is likely to be a concern for Mars astronauts, too, as they will essentially be sealed into the space tube for years at a time, with no ability for an emergency return once they leave Cislunar space. NASA’s HI-SEAS isolation experiment has shown promising results, but it is likely that the journey won’t be possible for everyone. NASA also has competition in the race to get to Mars. Both Boeing and SpaceX hope to get there first, with SpaceX setting the lofty goal of arriving in 2022. Ultimately, though, we all benefit from the friendly competition in the race toward Mars and the creative solutions it will almost certainly generate. If private companies work out some of these human challenges before NASA can, the agency can build on their experiences and spend its budget and efforts on other problems. In the end, the goal of putting humans on Mars will have been reached, irrespective of which organization crosses the finish line first. Source Tags With: humansMarsnasausa ← INTERVIEW-SDSM’s Šekerinska sees political plan behind Skopje’s parliament raid The Tunguska Event: the most powerful explosion in documented history… → Apr, 27 2017 We never went to the Moon: America’s Thirty Billion Dollar… Apr, 26 2017 World’s largest engine makes 109,000 horsepower Apr, 20 2017 NASA finally has a computer that can survive on Venus Recent Popular Petrounias wins gold in European Gymnastics Championships (video) Apr, 22 2017 Amanatidis and his sexy company in Mykonos (video) Apr, 28 2017 The “Greek Freak” blocks shots with his elbows now?! (video) Apr, 21 2017 Tax “tsunami” drowns Greeks Apr, 25 2017 Ancient Greek Amphora found in private home in Kalymnos Apr, 20 2017 We never went to the Moon: America’s Thirty Billion Dollar… Apr, 27 2017 Greek PM Alexis Tsipras calls on creditors to stop punishing… Apr, 21 2017 Hot Survivor player shows off buttocks in magazine cover (photos) Apr, 27 2017 NBA channel recognises Greek Freak with a highlight reel (video) Apr, 20 2017 Chinese tourism to Greece expected to “explode” in 2017 Apr, 26 2017 Greece acquires five more ex-US Army CH-47D Chinook transport helicopters Apr, 29 2017 Turkey on a ‘Collision Course’ With the U.S. After Striking… Apr, 29 2017 The Tunguska Event: the most powerful explosion in documented history… Apr, 29 2017 It’s official: Humans are going to Mars Apr, 29 2017 INTERVIEW-SDSM’s Šekerinska sees political plan behind Skopje’s parliament raid Apr, 29 2017 Lovely Abigail Ratchford’s perfect body! (HOT VIDEOS-PHOTOS) Apr, 28 2017 Report: Yale students launch “Symbolic” hunger strike against University Admin Apr, 28 2017 Tsipras: Greece is exiting the default chaos; technical agreement to… Apr, 28 2017 German soldier posed as Syrian refugee to plan attack Apr, 28 2017 Russian naval ship, cargo vessel collide off Constantinople coast, all… Apr, 28 2017 What to See and Do in Agios Nikolaos in Crete Apr, 28 2017 Every day for the past 146 years, a mysterious submarine… Apr, 28 2017 Is Turkey trying to disrupt Raqqa operation? Apr, 28 2017 In Venezuela and Turkey, strongmen fear the limits of their… Apr, 28 2017 Eupalinos Tunnel, a masterpiece of ancient engineering opens to public Apr, 28 2017 Informal meeting of EU Foreign Ministers to focus on FYROM… Apr, 28 2017 George Soros ‘has ruined the lives of millions of Europeans’… Apr, 28 2017 Muslim parents protest against gay teacher at Berlin preschool Apr, 28 2017 Metropolitan Cleopas of Sweden attends memorial services for Alexandria &… Apr, 28 2017 29-year-old mother of 3 gone missing (photos) Apr, 28 2017 Mediterranean Cooking Mediterranean cooking by olivemagazine.gr Embrace the world’s healthiest diet with these delicious dishes Delicious saganaki with sausage, anthotyro and egg An all time classic Smoked salmon and fresh herbs breakfast omelette High protein breakfast Meatballs in a tomato sauce with peppers Spicy and aromatic Greek Moussaka: Tradition meets taste! All time classic Breakfast apricot & apple oatmeal Fast and healthy Whole-wheat cinnamon rolls with insanely fragrant glaze Healthy and tasty! Dreamy rabbit stew with garlic paste and Ladotyri cheese Just right for those cold nights Candied orange slices dipped in rich, dark chocolate Chocolate and orange is a divine combination Quick chocolate – banana sponge cake Your guests will clean their plates in a jiffy Greece acquires five more ex-US Army CH-47D Chinook transport helicopters Athens is preparing for every contingency as tensions grow in the region Read more → Turkey on a ‘Collision Course’ With the U.S. After Striking… Turkey-U.S. relations are deteriorating just as the U.S. gears up for an assault on the Syrian city of Raqqa Read more → INTERVIEW-SDSM’s Šekerinska sees political plan behind Skopje’s parliament raid The man who has responsible for security is one of Gruevski’s right-hand men. It’s clear they’re in this together Read more → Contact Address: 5 Agrafon St., Marousi Zip Code: 151 23 Call us: +30 210 68 80 700 Fax: +30 210 68 92 778 email: contact@protothema.gr Travel Jetsetter: 10 Stunning Hotels on the Greek Islands Chinese tourism to Greece expected to “explode” in 2017 Guardian writer obsessed with Leros (photos-video) Loved by Guests Awards: Top Greek hotels for 2017 Sort Recent Posts Pharmacists close their stores next Monday and Tuesday Mar, 07 2014 Deutsche Bank: The primary surplus reduces the likelihood of a… Mar, 18 2014 Eurostat: -0.9% deflation for Greece Mar, 18 2014 Categories Blogs Civilization Culture Economy Elections 2015 Elections september 2015 Greece Health Legally speaking Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Mundial 2014 nature Photo of the day Politics Science Sports technology Therapy Session Tourism Transportation Travel Weather World Copyright 2013 Protothemanews.com | All Rights Reserved | This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Scroll
  Go Home News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Politics Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Guardian Life Guardian TV Home News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Politics Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Technology  |  Technology   SpaceX to launch classified US government payload Sunday By AFP   |   29 April 2017   |   5:18 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am (1100 GMT). SpaceX on Sunday is scheduled to make its first military launch, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX’s Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX’s effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If Sunday’s launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: National Reconnaissance OfficeSpaceX Falcon 9 rocketTech You may also like IBM pay plan narrowly passes with 46% of investors opposed 2 hours ago  Technology UNICEF links ICT to casualties reduction in emergencies 2 hours ago  Technology Apple halts license payments to Qualcomm in ‘all-out war’ 2 hours ago  Technology Google, Kaduna government empower 5000 youth with digital internet skills 2 hours ago  Technology Soul-searching scientists struggle to get message across 1 day ago  Technology SystemSpecs partners Lagos to plug knowledge gap with digital library 1 day ago  Technology More   Latest Buhari healthy enough for a second term, says Amaechi 8 mins ago  Nigeria Osun explains plans to dominate Southwest agriculture 2 hours ago  BusinessAgro Igbo group demands bail of Kanu’s colleagues 2 hours ago  Nigeria NAF fighter jets destroy Boko Haram artillery in Sambisa 2 hours ago  Nigeria Forms in soulful dialogue 2 hours ago  Visual Arts More   Communication Lagos State Government unrelenting, again pushes for Computer Village’s relocation 2 days ago   Mainone opens new chapter in data center project 2 days ago   AfriOne boosts ‘Made in Nigeria’ mantra, unveils phone manufacturing plant 2 days ago   NCC, FIRS get joint revenue quality assurance committee for telecoms 2 days ago   Danbatta, NCC boss at BoICT 2017, pushes for ICT dividends 2 days ago   Top Home News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Politics Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 30 Apr 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 30 Apr 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday Share Tweet SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday No detail­s were made public about the payloa­d By AFP Published: April 29, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email No details were made public about the payload. PHOTO: AFP MIAMI: SpaceX on Sunday is scheduled to make its first military launch, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am. SpaceX poised to launch cargo from historic NASA pad About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX’s Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX’s effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX hails ‘revolution’ after recycled rocket launch, landing SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If Sunday’s launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. Read more: Elon Musk , space , SpaceX Recommended Stories SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth The Dragon capsul remained docked with the ISS for nearly a month SpaceX launches communications satellite into orbit The satellite will be place in orbit more that 35,000 kilometers above the earth SpaceX to send two tourists around Moon in 2018 The tourists have already paid a significant deposit Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Army rejects PM Office statement on Dawn Leaks report 2 Mikaal Zulfiqar's ex-wife shares how she's managing work, children post divorce 3 Many Turks seek Pakistani citizenship 4 Former K-P speaker, others lead rally demanding release of Mardan lynching suspects 5 Naila Jaffri refuses government aid protesting Jindal’s arrival in Pakistan 6 PM sacks Tariq Fatemi over Dawn Leaks controversy 7 Is Salman Khan's ‘Tubelight’ in for a power outage in Pakistan? 8 NA panel recommends removal of FIA staff 9 Pakistan desperate to see PayPal, other payment gateways 10 Will expose who made Rs10b offer in court: Imran Khan Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof More in TechnologyRussian prosecutor demands jail time for man who played Pokemon in church © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World IPL Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts SpaceX To Launch Classified US Government Payload On Sunday World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: April 29, 2017 11:40 IST 77 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS The SpaceX Falcon 9 launching from Cape Canerval will be their first military launch (File Photo) Miami:  SpaceX on Sunday is scheduled to make its first military launch, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If Sunday's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: Baahubali On Its Way To Topple Dangal's Lifetime Collection. Details Here Gadgets: Xiaomi the Second Biggest Smartphone Vendor in India, Says Counterpoint Offbeat: Watch: Cashier Has The Most Calm Reaction To Being Robbed At Gunpoint Related Tesla's Grohmann Said to Have Been Ousted After Clash With CEO Elon Musk Tesla's Klaus Grohmann Ousted After Clash With CEO Musk: Sources Tesla Hikes Pay to Quell Unrest at Key German Supplier Philippines Blast Injures 14 As ASEAN Leaders Gather Donald Trump's First 100 Days: A Chaotic Discovery Of Power Share this story on 77 Shares ALSO READIndian's Death Penalty Upheld For Killing Baby, Grandmother SpaceXNROL-76Elon MuskSpaceX Falcon 9Cape Canerval ................................ Advertisement ................................ ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksBaahubali 2IPL ScheduleIPL Points TableLive Cricket ScoreBaahubali 2 Movie Review ................................ Advertisement ................................ As Eman Ahmed Plans To Leave India, A Warning From Her Doctor Turkey President Arrives Today. India's Nuke Club Bid On Agenda: 10 Facts New India Is Not About VIPs, But EPI (Every Person Important): PM Modi Watch: Cashier Has The Most Calm Reaction To Being Robbed At Gunpoint RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies North Korea 'disrespected' China, Xi Jinping with missile test: Trump Business Standard SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload on Sunday No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76 AFP | PTI  |  Miami  April 29, 2017 Last Updated at 11:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV5GfJ ALSO READ SpaceX starts recycling rockets, launches satellite with used booster Elon Musk's Mars vision at stake as SpaceX set to resume flights SpaceX aiming to return to flight next month: Elon Musk SpaceX launches communications satellite EchoStar XXIII into orbit SpaceX all set to launch first recycled rocket Falcon 9 SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch on Sunday, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. Read More On Spacex | Elon Musk | Florida | Us Government | Nrol-76 | Spy Satellite | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload on Sunday No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76 No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76 SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch on Sunday, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload on Sunday No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76 SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch on Sunday, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space SpaceX scheduled to make its first military launch on Sunday! SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. ﻿ By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Saturday, April 29, 2017 - 09:19 Comment 0 Comment Image courtesy: @SpaceX/Twitter New Delhi: In an effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch, California-based space company SpaceX is all set to make its first military launch on Sunday, April 30. The launch will take place with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. SpaceX shared a post on Twitter as well, regarding the launch. Static fire test complete. Targeting Falcon 9 launch of NROL-76 on Sunday, April 30. pic.twitter.com/mk0dQGj17o — SpaceX (@SpaceX) April 25, 2017 A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7:00 am (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. SpaceX, headed by Internet entrpreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean, thus establishing a pioneering image for itself in the space world. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. (With PTI inputs) TAGS SpaceXMilitary launchUS govt payloadSPaceX military launchSpaceX launchNROL-76Space news India Is Dawood Ibrahim dead? Chhota Shakeel reveals about underworld don's health From Zee News 10 Photos which prove Zaheer Khan – Sagarika Ghatge make an... IPL 2017, Match 19 - Sunrisers Hyderabad VS Kings XI Punjab IPL 2017, Match 22 - Kings XI Punjab VS Mumbai Indians India Niti Aayog for simultaneous Lok Sabha, assembly polls from... Delhi Delhi University to move Supreme Court against order granti... Technology Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 billion in F... Himachal Pradesh Himachal Pradesh: Rohtang Pass reopened for motorists WorldAsia Five-magnitude quake jolts Taiwan sea area Uttar Pradesh Retd Colonel's residence raided in Meerut; 50,000 car... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending IPLcricket IPL 2017: Ever seen MS Dhoni swing this hard? Here's what happened to the ball — WATCH Regional 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' makes history, becomes first film to enter Rs 100 cr... IPLcricket IPL 2017: Jasprit Bumrah hunts down Lions in their own den, as Mumbai beat Gujarat in Super... World Bizarre! Girl's 'two-faced' mirror reflection creates sensation on social med... cricket Bollywood diva Disha Patani rates Virat Kohli, MS Dhoni, Yuvraj Singh on a scale of 1 to 10... IndiaAsia If there's a referendum in Balochistan, people will vote for India, says top Baloch lea... IPLcricket Hitting the roof: Rahul Tripathi welcomes Sreenath Aravind in Pune with monster six — VIDEO IPLcricket This might be MS Dhoni's last stint in Indian Premier League, feels Ricky Ponting Delhi 34 AAP MLAs want to see Kumar Vishwas, not Arvind Kejriwal, as Delhi CM? India After Sukma attack, the initiative by IAS officers will make you PROUD photo gallery BEST PICS OF THE DAY - 30 April 2017 video Delhi deputy CM Manish Sisodia calls Anna Hazare 'fraud' Don't make triple talaq a political issue, appeals PM Modi Yogi effect: Wearing saffron outfit is the latest trend in UP UP special task force seals 7 petrol pumps in Lucknow CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Sunday, Apr 30, 2017 | Last Update : 12:30 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Science SpaceX reusable rocket to launch US Army payload on Sunday AFP Published Apr 29, 2017, 7:59 am IST Updated Apr 29, 2017, 8:10 am IST The Falcon 9 rocket's first stage will fly itself back to earth and will be reused for another launch  The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. SpaceX on Sunday is scheduled to make its first military launch, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens Sunday at 7 am (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If Sunday's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. Tags: space x rocket launch, spacex falcon 9, us army, elon musk Related Stories SpaceX wants to try recycling more of Falcon 9 rocket SpaceX blasted off the recycled first stage, or booster, of a Falcon 9 rocket for the first time on Thursday 01 Apr 2017 6:18 PM Watch | Drone's eye view of SpaceX Falcon 9 landing The rocket blasted off at 9.39am ET carrying the unmanned Dragon cargo ship. 20 Feb 2017 12:51 PM Sports Gallery In Pictures: Virat Kohli & co. arrive in picturesque hillside for Dharamshala Test IPL 2017 auction: Top 10 most expensive players Top performers from India versus Bangladesh Test in Hyderabad World Cancer Day: 5 athletes who beat cancer to return to the sporting arena In pics: The best of Australian Open 2017 In Pics: The best moments from the Mumbai Marathon 2017 ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   More Samsung trouble: Users complain Galaxy S8s restarting by themselves   Google, Facebook duped into sending $100 million to this conman   Modern-day ‘Silk Road’: First UK to China cargo train covers 12,000km in 20 days   Apple is currently finalising its Siri-driven smart speaker   NASA selects instrument to mine Moon's surface   Sudarsan Pattnaik wins gold medal at 10th Moscow sand art championship ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Science China to have its own space station around 2020 Isro’s storm data helps save lives, catch fish Home-made bricks for a habitat on Mars NASA's Cassini shares first view from inside Saturn's rings Watch: This is how space junk is creating Earth’s own ring ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  April ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) – Continuation of C-17 Logistics Support Services and Equipment In-Depth Coverage Media/Public Contact: pm-cpa@state.gov Transmittal No: 17-19 WASHINGTON, Apr. 28, 2017 -- The State Department has made a determination approving a possible Foreign Military Sale to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) for continuation of C-17 logistics support services and equipment. The estimated cost is $300 million. The Defense Security Cooperation Agency delivered the required certification notifying Congress of this possible sale on April 27, 2017. The NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) has requested the possible sale of follow-on support for three (3) C-17 aircraft to include participation in the Global Reach Improvement Program, contract labor for Class I modifications and kits, in-country contractor support, alternate mission equipment, major modification and retrofit, software support, aircraft maintenance and technical support, support equipment, personnel training and training equipment, additional spare and repair parts, technical orders and publications, airworthiness certification support, engine logistics support, inspections, and other U.S. Government and contractor engineering, logistics and program support. The total estimated program cost is $300 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States (U.S.) by providing sustainment for three (3) C-17s operated by a consortium of twelve nations, including the U.S. This program flies missions in and around Europe, Afghanistan, Iraq, the Levant, and North Africa. This proposed sale will provide a similar readiness level for these C-17s as U.S.-operated C-17s. The current FMS case supporting these C-17s will expire on 20 September 2017. The proposed sale will advance U.S. and NATO policy goals of expanding the capabilities of strategic airlift to NATO allies and partners and sustain the ability to deploy in support of contingency operations outside of Europe. As the C-17 is a support asset, it would not affect the basic military balance in the region. NSPA will have no difficulty absorbing this support. The prime contractor will be the Boeing Corporation of Chicago, Illinois. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency. There will be no adverse impact to U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the NSPA. This notice of a potential sale is required by law and does not mean the sale has been concluded. All questions regarding this proposed Foreign Military Sale should be directed to the State Department's Bureau of Political Military Affairs, Office of Congressional and Public Affairs, pm-cpa@state.gov. -30- NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  April ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading New Zealand – P-8A Aircraft and Associated Support In-Depth Coverage Media/Public Contact: pm-cpa@state.gov Transmittal No: 17-13 WASHINGTON, Apr. 28, 2017 -- The State Department has made a determination approving a possible Foreign Military Sale to New Zealand for P-8A aircraft and associated support. The estimated cost is $1.46 billion. The Defense Security Cooperation Agency delivered the required certification notifying Congress of this possible sale on April 27, 2017. New Zealand has requested the potential sale of up to four (4) P-8A Patrol Aircraft. Each includes: commercial engines, Tactical Open Mission Software (TOMS), Electro-Optical (EO) and Infrared (IR) MX-20HD, AN/AAQ-2(V)1 Acoustic System, AN/APY-10 Radar, ALQ-240 Electronic Support Measures. Also included are eight (8) Multifunctional Information Distribution System Joint Tactical Radio System (MIDS JTRS); five (5) Guardian Laser Transmitter Assemblies (GLTA) for the AN/AAQ-24(V)N; five (5) System Processors for AN/AAQ-24(V)N; thirty (30) AN/AAR-54 Missile Warning Sensors for the AN/AAQ-24(V)N; ten (10) LN-251 with Embedded Global Positioning Systems (GPS)/Inertial Navigations Systems (EGIs); support equipment; operation support systems; maintenance trainer/classrooms; publications; software, engineering, and logistics technical assistance; foreign Liaison officer support, contractor engineering technical services; repair and return; transportation; aircraft ferry; and other associated training, support equipment and services. The total estimated cost is $1.46 billion. This proposed sale will enhance the foreign policy and national security of the United States by strengthening the security of a Major Non-NATO ally which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability within the region. New Zealand is a close ally in the region and an important partner on critical foreign policy and defense issues. The Government of New Zealand intends to use these defense articles and services to continue its Maritime Surveillance Aircraft (MSA) capability, following retirement of its P-3K maritime patrol aircraft. The sale will strengthen collective defense and enhance New Zealand's regional and global allied contributions. New Zealand has procured and operated U.S. produced P-3 MSA for over 40 years, providing critical capabilities to NATO and coalition maritime operations. New Zealand has maintained a close MSA acquisition and sustainment relationship with the U.S. Navy over this period. The proposed sale will allow New Zealand to recapitalize, modernize and sustain its MSA capability for the next 30 years. As a long-time P-3 operator, New Zealand will have no difficulty transitioning its MSA force to the P-8A and absorbing these aircraft into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractor will be The Boeing Company, Seattle, WA. Additional contractors include: Air Cruisers Co LLC Arnprior Aerospace, Canada AVOX Zodiac Aerospace BAE Canadian Commercial Corporation (CCC)/EMS Compass David Clark DLS/NiaSat, Carlsbad, CA DRS Exelis, McLean VA GC Micro, Petaluma, CA General Electric, UK Harris Joint Electronics Marin Baker Northrop Grumman Corp, Falls Church, VA Pole Zero, Cincinnati, OH Raytheon, Waltham, MA Raytheon, UK Rockwell Collins, Cedar Rapids, IA Spirit Aero, Wichita, KS Symmetries Telephonics, Farmingdale, NY Terma, Arlington, VA Viking WESCAM There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately five (5) contractor representatives to support the program in New Zealand. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. This notice of a potential sale is required by law and does not mean the sale has been concluded. All questions regarding this proposed Foreign Military Sale should be directed to the State Department's Bureau of Political Military Affairs, Office of Congressional and Public Affairs, pm-cpa@state.gov. -30- NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Canadian market bounces back to end week ahead 2017-04-28 23:50:22 GMT2017-04-29 07:50:22(Beijing Time) Xinhua English TORONTO, April 28 (Xinhua) -- After suffering its worst single-day loss in six weeks, Canada's main market rebounded on Friday led by gains in Materials and Information Technology sectors. The Toronto Stock Exchange's benchmark Standard & Poor's/TSX Composite climbed 79.66 points, or 0.51 percent to end the week at 15,586.13 points. All but one of the 10 sub-groups closed the trading day higher. The TSX Materials group, which consists of producers of gold, precious metals, and raw materials, was the biggest winner on the day, rising 1.85 percent following gains in gold and copper prices. The spot price of gold advanced 0.33 percent to 1,267.70 U.S. dollars an ounce, while a pound of copper ended the week at 2.5868 dollars, a 0.74 percent gain. Gold miners Kinross Gold Corporation, Yamana Gold Inc, and B2Gold Corp all closed the session ahead and among the top-30 traded stocks on the day, rising 2.81 percent, 2.23 percent, and 2.08 percent, respectively. Vancouver-based Detour Gold Corporation performed even better, rocketing 13.49 percent to 17.25 Canadian dollars (12.64 U.S. dollars) after posting better than expected first quarter results. The firm which operates a mine in North-Eastern Ontario ended the quarter with a reduction in debt, revenues of 163.7 million U.S. dollars and an adjusted net income of 10.5 million dollars. Information Technology stocks also had an impact, rising 1.17 percent on Friday. Toronto-based Constellation Software Inc shares rose 1.85 percent after posting a first quarter profit of 555 million U.S. dollars and adjusted net income balloon 51 percent. Shares closed at 624.33 Canadian dollars (457.38 U.S. dollars). Descartes Systems Group and CGI Group Inc also contributed with respective gains of 2.57 percent and 1.82 percent. The remaining groups that moved up during Friday's session were: Consumer Staples (0.91 percent), Health Care (0.85 percent), Energy (0.76 percent), Financial (0.34 percent), Consumer Discretionary (0.10 percent), and Telecommunications (0.08 percent). Energy closed ahead as the price of crude oil and natural gas both finished the week on a high note. A barrel of Brent for July delivery rose 0.39 percent to 51.85 U.S. dollars, while June natural gas futures on the on the New York Mercantile Exchange shot up 0.93 percent to 3.269 U.S. dollars per million British thermal units. Shares of Calgary-based Baytex Energy Corp and Crescent Point Energy Corp boosted 2.48 percent and 2.35 percent, each. Meanwhile, shares of Suncor Energy Inc, the largest crude oil producer in the country closed at 42.78 Canadian dollars (31.34 U.S. dollars), a 2.47 percent uplift. The TSX Financial group stabilized on the day after two consecutive days as the top laggard group. Home Capital Group Inc shares ticked up 0.25 percent to 8.04 Canadian dollars (5.89 U.S. dollars) after shares slipped nearly 65 percent on Wednesday followed by a 34 percent spike yesterday. Bank of Nova Scotia and Manulife Financial Corporation carried the group, advancing 0.76 percent and 0.46 percent, each. The lone group to lose ground on the day was Industrials, inching down 0.05 percent after plane and automobile maker Bombardier Inc was accused by rival Boeing for selling jets in the United States at below cost. The anti-dumping complaint to the U.S. government could see the Montreal-based firm face a lengthy investigation and hinder their ability to sell their C Series aircraft south of the border. As a result, shares of the firm dipped 4.09 percent to 2.11 Canadian dollars (1.55 U.S. dollars). The Canadian dollar retreated 0.14 cent to 0.7326 U.S. dollar. Premier Li inspects China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation PLA Macao Garrison opens barracks to public Yoga lovers practise yoga amid hawthorn blossoms in Hebei Construction members work at Liaoning section of high-speed railway Models present creations at Vietnam Int'l Fashion Week South Koreans, religious figures protest against THAAD in Seoul Aerial views of overpasses in north China's Tianjin Night view of downtown Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Venezuela opposition rallies for jailed members IS Afghanistan leader likely killed: Pentagon Business Standard SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday AFP  |  Miami  April 29, 2017 Last Updated at 03:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV5GfJ ALSO READ Amber Heard, Elon Musk confirm relationship in pictures Amber Heard 'smitten' with Elon Musk Elon Musk launches start-up to connect brains with computer Did Amber Heard, Elon Musk just confirm their relationship? Tesla hoping to enter India this summer: Elon Musk SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch tomorrow, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Elon Musk | Florida | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch tomorrow, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in ... SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch tomorrow, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload Sunday SpaceX is scheduled to make its first military launch tomorrow, with a classified payload for the National Reconnaissance Office, which makes and operates spy satellites for the United States. No details were made public about the payload, known only as NROL-76, which was first announced last year. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is poised to blast NROL-76 into space from Cape Canaveral, Florida during a two-hour launch window which opens tomorrow at 7 AM (1100 GMT). About 10 minutes after launch, the tall portion of the rocket, known as the first stage, will power its engines and fly back toward Earth to make a controlled landing on solid ground at SpaceX's Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral. The attempt is part of SpaceX's effort to make rocket parts recyclable, rather than jettisoning the costly components after each launch. The California-based company, headed by internet entrepreneur Elon Musk, has already made several successful landings on solid ground and on platforms floating in the ocean. Until now, the US military has spent billions per year exclusively with United Launch Alliance, a joint operation of aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin, to launch government satellites. SpaceX in 2014 filed suit against the US Air Force, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX also has a pair of launch contracts coming up for the Air Force to send GPS satellites into orbit. If tomorrow's launch is postponed for any reason, another launch window opens on May 1. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy Orders New Engine Parts to Keep F/A-18 Super-Hornets Flying © AP Photo/ Kim Hong-Ji US 03:48 29.04.2017(updated 03:50 29.04.2017) Get short URL 484105 The US Navy has spent a more than two thirds of a billion dollar to buy engine components to keep F/A-18 Super-Hornet and EA 18G Growler aircraft flying. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — General Electric has received a more than two thirds of a billion dollar US Navy contract for 17 engine components of F/A-18 Super-Hornet and EA 18G Growler aircraft, the US Department of Defense announced. "General Electric [of] Lynn, Massachusetts is being awarded a $670.7 million… contract for repair, replacement and program support of 17 F414 engine components of F/A-18 E, F, and EA 18G aircrafts," the announcement stated on Friday. © Boeing Boeing Wins $50M to Extend Service Life of F-18 Super Hornet AircraftThe contract includes a three-year base period and one one-year optional period, which if exercised, will bring the contract value to $907 million, the Defense Department noted. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered a comparison of the hugely expensive and controversial Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter and the F/A-18 not long after President Donald Trump was inaugurated in January. Around the same time, Boeing, the manufacturer of the F/A-18, circulated a document suggesting that the Navy had a "significant capability gaps against emerging threats" with the F-35, according to the Navy Times, and that updating the F/A-18 was more efficient that buying new F-35 jets. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 05 Related: Raytheon to Upgrade Super-Hornet, Growler Radars for US, Australia Tags: contract, engine, Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Series of Tornadoes in Texas Claim Lives of Five People, Injure Over 50 09:17Russia, China See Diplomacy as Only Solution of North Korean Crisis – Ambassador 08:01Over 40% French Believe Neither Macron Nor Le Pen Able to Unite Country – Poll 07:16Trump Discusses North Korean 'Threat' With Philippine President Duterte 06:32ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l ObligationsAll news Russia's Clear Signal to US: Think Twice Before Using Your Nukes 23116 PAK DA: Russian Defense Ministry Reveals When New Stealth Bomber Will Fly 20439 Germany's Migrant Crisis: 'By 2060 There Will Be No Germany as We Know It' 17701 Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 12900 China Regrets Propaganda Poster of Russian MiGs, US Combat Vessels 10528All news Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 42 US Pacific Commander: Pyongyang’s Actions Could Justify Invasion of North Korea 41 Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' 35 Syria Confirms Israeli Missile Attacks Near Damascus Int'l Airport - Reports 34 What’s Next for Iran-Russia Military Cooperation After Delivery of S-300? 29All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Night Rehearsal of the Victory Day Military Parade in Moscow Macron the Media Bouncer Yakovlev Yak-130 Light Attack and Training Aircraft News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US State Dept. Approves $1.46 Billion Sale of P-8A Patrol Planes to New Zealand © AFP 2017/ GREG WOOD Asia & Pacific 02:16 29.04.2017(updated 03:41 29.04.2017) Get short URL 0 17710 New Zealand will buy four P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft from the United States to replace its retired P-3K maritime patrol aircraft. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US Department of State has approved a $1.46 billion sale of four P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft and associated support to the government of New Zealand, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a press release on Friday. © Flickr/ Woodys Aeroimages Norway Inks Deal to Buy P-8A Poseidon Maritime Patrol Planes From US"The Government of New Zealand intends to use these defense articles and services to continue its Maritime Surveillance Aircraft (MSA) capability, following retirement of its P-3K maritime patrol aircraft," the release stated. The agency said the sale of the Boeing aircraft will enhance regional and global contributions by New Zealand. The P-8A Poseidon is designed for long-range anti-submarine, anti-surface warfare and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions. It is based on Boeing's 737-800 aircraft. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 10 Related: Boeing to Replace Acoustic Tech Units on Australian Navy Poseidon Aircraft UK to Receive First Poseidon Maritime Patrol Aircraft in 2019 US Navy Expands Base for Poseidon Reconnaissance Aircraft Tags: P-8A Poseidon, New Zealand, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:40Series of Tornadoes in Texas Claim Lives of Five People, Injure Over 50 09:17Russia, China See Diplomacy as Only Solution of North Korean Crisis – Ambassador 08:01Over 40% French Believe Neither Macron Nor Le Pen Able to Unite Country – Poll 07:16Trump Discusses North Korean 'Threat' With Philippine President Duterte 06:32ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l ObligationsAll news Russia's Clear Signal to US: Think Twice Before Using Your Nukes 23116 PAK DA: Russian Defense Ministry Reveals When New Stealth Bomber Will Fly 20439 Germany's Migrant Crisis: 'By 2060 There Will Be No Germany as We Know It' 17701 Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 12900 China Regrets Propaganda Poster of Russian MiGs, US Combat Vessels 10528All news Pyongyang Threatens Jerusalem With ‘Merciless’ Punishment After Israeli Comment 42 US Pacific Commander: Pyongyang’s Actions Could Justify Invasion of North Korea 41 Russian-Made S-400 to Help Turkey 'Achieve Greater Independence in NATO' 35 Syria Confirms Israeli Missile Attacks Near Damascus Int'l Airport - Reports 34 What’s Next for Iran-Russia Military Cooperation After Delivery of S-300? 29All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Night Rehearsal of the Victory Day Military Parade in Moscow Macron the Media Bouncer Yakovlev Yak-130 Light Attack and Training Aircraft News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Recommended NZ | Guide to Money | Gimme: Competitions - Giveaways [ login or create an account ]   Blogs Politics Business National Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Health Tech Tax|Health Sector|Employment Figures |Tobacco|Hot Topics Index Government looks to slash vital P-3 Orion aircraft numbers - NZ First Home › Politics Contributor: Fuseworks Media Sunday, 30 April, 2017 - 10:11 A US State Department advisory has NZ First concerned that the Air Force’s six P-3K2 Orions, which undertake vital maritime patrol tasks, could be replaced by just four aircraft. "We only know this news thanks to the transparency of the United States’ State Department and Department of Defense and doesn’t that speak volumes about this National Government," says New Zealand First Leader and Northland MP Rt Hon Winston Peters. "Of immediate concern to NZ First are the numbers involved. Replacing six aircraft with just four is a cut of one-third, especially when the 737-based P-8A Poseidon has the same range and loiter time as our Orions. "There will be a cost but these aircraft will likely fly for many decades given that our P-3 Orions entered service back in 1966. "Any cost must also be put alongside the criminals who landed $500m worth of narcotics onto our shores last year undetected. How many others have got through the keeper? We need more ships, more aircraft and maritime drones to patrol one of the world’s largest Exclusive Economic Zones. "How will just four aircraft further hope to cover the vast slice of the planet we’ve been made responsible for? This extends from Antarctica to north of the equator and from mid-Tasman to east of the Cook Islands. "If that’s not enough, we’re also responsible for the largest search and rescue area on earth with an RNZAF Orion making that point last week by saving a fisherman’s life off Tonga. "This is why we need an open competition involving Boeing yes, but also Kawasaki, SAAB/Bombardier, Embraer and Lockheed Martin and others. We also need the government to come clean about its planned mix of aircraft types too," says Mr Peters. Tweet All articles and comments on Voxy.co.nz have been submitted by our community of users. Please notify us through our contact form if you believe an item on this site breaches our community guidelines.   Voxy: Your Voice About Voxy and how to Submit News Join Voxy on Twitter, Facebook or Google+ Latest Politics News RSS Next stage for Christchurch temporary village Sue Moroney to stand down at General Election Pay decent wages, or do your business elsewhere - NZ First Government looks to slash vital P-3 Orion aircraft numbers - NZ First National completes 2017 candidate selection Most Popular Today RSS Famous authors and warrior Mums are taking back Mother’s Day Sue Moroney to stand down at General Election Government looks to slash vital P-3 Orion aircraft numbers - NZ First Pay decent wages, or do your business elsewhere - NZ First Police seek information following fatal crash in Hastings yesterday Connect with Voxy        Join Voxy on Google+.   Blogs Politics Business National Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Health Tech   Copyright 2008-2017 Digital Advance Limited About Voxy, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America Canadian market bounces back to end week ahead Source: Xinhua| 2017-04-29 07:25:11|Editor: ying Video PlayerClose TORONTO, April 28 (Xinhua) -- After suffering its worst single-day loss in six weeks, Canada's main market rebounded on Friday led by gains in Materials and Information Technology sectors. The Toronto Stock Exchange's benchmark Standard & Poor's/TSX Composite climbed 79.66 points, or 0.51 percent to end the week at 15,586.13 points. All but one of the 10 sub-groups closed the trading day higher. The TSX Materials group, which consists of producers of gold, precious metals, and raw materials, was the biggest winner on the day, rising 1.85 percent following gains in gold and copper prices. The spot price of gold advanced 0.33 percent to 1,267.70 U.S. dollars an ounce, while a pound of copper ended the week at 2.5868 dollars, a 0.74 percent gain. Gold miners Kinross Gold Corporation, Yamana Gold Inc, and B2Gold Corp all closed the session ahead and among the top-30 traded stocks on the day, rising 2.81 percent, 2.23 percent, and 2.08 percent, respectively. Vancouver-based Detour Gold Corporation performed even better, rocketing 13.49 percent to 17.25 Canadian dollars (12.64 U.S. dollars) after posting better than expected first quarter results. The firm which operates a mine in North-Eastern Ontario ended the quarter with a reduction in debt, revenues of 163.7 million U.S. dollars and an adjusted net income of 10.5 million dollars. Information Technology stocks also had an impact, rising 1.17 percent on Friday. Toronto-based Constellation Software Inc shares rose 1.85 percent after posting a first quarter profit of 555 million U.S. dollars and adjusted net income balloon 51 percent. Shares closed at 624.33 Canadian dollars (457.38 U.S. dollars). Descartes Systems Group and CGI Group Inc also contributed with respective gains of 2.57 percent and 1.82 percent. The remaining groups that moved up during Friday's session were: Consumer Staples (0.91 percent), Health Care (0.85 percent), Energy (0.76 percent), Financial (0.34 percent), Consumer Discretionary (0.10 percent), and Telecommunications (0.08 percent). Energy closed ahead as the price of crude oil and natural gas both finished the week on a high note. A barrel of Brent for July delivery rose 0.39 percent to 51.85 U.S. dollars, while June natural gas futures on the on the New York Mercantile Exchange shot up 0.93 percent to 3.269 U.S. dollars per million British thermal units. Shares of Calgary-based Baytex Energy Corp and Crescent Point Energy Corp boosted 2.48 percent and 2.35 percent, each. Meanwhile, shares of Suncor Energy Inc, the largest crude oil producer in the country closed at 42.78 Canadian dollars (31.34 U.S. dollars), a 2.47 percent uplift. The TSX Financial group stabilized on the day after two consecutive days as the top laggard group. Home Capital Group Inc shares ticked up 0.25 percent to 8.04 Canadian dollars (5.89 U.S. dollars) after shares slipped nearly 65 percent on Wednesday followed by a 34 percent spike yesterday. Bank of Nova Scotia and Manulife Financial Corporation carried the group, advancing 0.76 percent and 0.46 percent, each. The lone group to lose ground on the day was Industrials, inching down 0.05 percent after plane and automobile maker Bombardier Inc was accused by rival Boeing for selling jets in the United States at below cost. The anti-dumping complaint to the U.S. government could see the Montreal-based firm face a lengthy investigation and hinder their ability to sell their C Series aircraft south of the border. As a result, shares of the firm dipped 4.09 percent to 2.11 Canadian dollars (1.55 U.S. dollars). The Canadian dollar retreated 0.14 cent to 0.7326 U.S. dollar. KEY WORDS: market YOU MAY LIKE Spanish stock market rises 0.3 pct Friday Alibaba's Yu'e Bao becomes largest money market fund globally Indian stock market opens flat Market exchange rates in China -- April 28 Canadian market suffers worst loss in six weeks MORE PHOTOS Auto show held in NW China's Xi'an Drone team members spray pesticide in north China's Hebei "Spidermen" getting busier as tourist peak comes People visit 43rd Buenos Aires Int'l Book Fair Yoga lovers practise yoga amid hawthorn blossoms in Hebei Take closer look at Guangxi Beibu Gulf Port TOP STORIES Premier Li inspects China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation PLA Macao Garrison opens barracks to public Yoga lovers practise yoga amid hawthorn blossoms in Hebei Construction members work at Liaoning section of high-speed railway EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. UC Berkeley listed by Forbes as best-value U.S. college / 02. Cambodian scholar says China's Belt and Road Initiative to boost peace, development / 03. Turkish president urges world leaders to clean IS out of Manbij, Raqqa / 04. Macedonian minister accuses police of not responding timely to prevent violence / 05. Baidu uses AI to make home assistant robots smarter MOST VIEWED Models present creations at Vietnam Int'l Fashion Week South Koreans, religious figures protest against THAAD in Seoul Aerial views of overpasses in north China's Tianjin Night view of downtown Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001362447351
