CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 16, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Berlin’s wild charms make it first choice for Syrian artists Erdogan helps Turkish actor ask for Moroccan beauty queen’s hand in marriage Japanese actor Mifune honored with star in Hollywood ‘The Rock’ talks a future in politics, including potential White House run Lindsay Lohan invites US President-elect Trump to visit Syria and Turkey with her AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Boeing marks its 100th year with people’s comfort and environment as top... Business Boeing marks its 100th year with people’s comfort and environment as top priority Nov 10, 2016 653 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Saudia Director General Saleh Bin Nasser Al-Jasser with Boeing regional director product marketing Jeff Harber and another official during the press conference By Shahd Alhamdan SEATTLE – By focusing on the interior part of the plane, Boeing is reconnecting people to the fun and excitement of traveling and understand how fun is flying and make them enjoy the conformable seats, this is how Jeff Harber, regional director product marketing of Boeing, aptly described the company during a tour to its factory for the Saudi media. The Saudi media group came with the Saudi Arabian Airlines (Saudia) to attend the receiving on Wednesday of Saudia’s first Boeing B777-300ER aircraft which is supplied with new and luxurious compartments for the first class passengers. Visitors were allowed into the factory to take a look at the Boeing 777 Worldliner and Boeing 787 Dreamliner, among other aircraftThe factory, located in Seattle, is regarded as one of the largest manufacturers of aircraft in the world with an area of more than 3 kilometers square, and more than 40,000 workers working on three shifts 24 hours a day to produce around 21 different aircraft a month. The media had the chance to have a general look of how several planes are produced, including assembled models 747 and 767 and 777 and 787 Dreamliner. Harber said the new Boeing B777-300ER aircraft has fuel efficiency of around 2 percent, luxurious special interior design that give the passengers comfort, and the capability to have more chairs compared to the old planes because of larger space. He added that the upcoming 777X jet is scheduled to have its first delivery in 2020. The new engine will be better than any other engines since the fuel efficiency would be around 5 percent. The plane is considered as a friendly environment aircraft. A published report said Boeing has invested $300 million so far in the new plant, which will have about 700 employees over the next few years and support the 777X assembly operations in Everett, Washington. Boeing is celebrating its 100th year this year. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS Saudi Arabia Saudia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTrump’s victory leaves Muslims shell-shocked Next articleHawks end Cavs’ perfect start Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Responsible behavior is part of civic duty Wastage of water, electricity at our mosques Robust economy NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,484,174FansLike 41,071FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King receives message from Algerian president Nov 16, 2016 Crown Prince: Beef up efforts to fight sexual exploitation of children Nov 16, 2016 Arab League role important: King Nov 16, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince stresses more coordination to confront challenges Nov 16, 2016 Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Nov 16, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US aerospace and defense industry welcomes Trump victory News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US aerospace and defense industry welcomes Trump victory U.S. aerospace companies and lobbying groups embraced Donald Trump's presidential victory on Wednesday, setting aside fears that his policies would depress sales, shatter global alliances and roll back trade agreements. Posted 10 Nov 2016 04:15 Updated 10 Nov 2016 05:35 U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New York, U.S., November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: U.S. aerospace companies and lobbying groups embraced Donald Trump's presidential victory on Wednesday, setting aside fears that his policies would depress sales, shatter global alliances and roll back trade agreements. Defense contractors in particular stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, given his pledges to beef up the U.S. military. Boeing Co , which is finalizing a deal to sell 100 jetliners to Iran, congratulated Trump and members of Congress and said it looked forward to working with them to promote global economic growth and protect workers. Trump has strongly criticized an Iran nuclear deal that made the sale possible. The warm response from the world's No. 1 plane maker echoed friendly overtures from other U.S. manufacturers such as Ford Motor Co , which endured sharp criticism from Trump during the campaign for its growing operations in Mexico. Manufacturers also pressed Trump on issues such as restoring the U.S. Export-Import Bank, increasing defense spending and pouring more investment into airport infrastructure. Shares of aerospace and defense companies rose on Wednesday. The Dow Jones U.S. aerospace and defense index was up 4 percent in afternoon trading. Boeing shares were up 2 percent at US$145.20 on the New York Stock Exchange. Among other major arms makers, Raytheon Co was up 7.4 percent at US$146.56 and Lockheed Martin Corp was up 6 percent at US$253.50. NO "TREATY RIPPING" Trump had derided trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership as bad deals, and vowed to renegotiate them. He also threatened to upend global security alliances. But on Wednesday, industry trade groups said Trump had not created as much uncertainty for manufacturers as his rhetoric suggested, and offered policy prescriptions. "It would be hard for a brand new president to come in and say, 'I'm ripping up this treaty,'" David Melcher, chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association, said in an interview. The organization, founded in 1919, represents more than 300 aerospace and defense companies. Requiring alliance partners to pay more for defense "is probably a neutral" for U.S. arms sales, he added. Boeing's defense and space businesses could get a boost from an expected increase in military spending under Trump. "We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress," Boeing said in a statement. We "look forward to working with them to ensure that U.S. companies can compete, win and grow our economy to provide good jobs to U.S. workers, as well as preserve American leadership in national security." There were signs of lingering concern about the negative tone of the campaign. The National Association of Manufacturers sent a letter to Trump on Wednesday, signed by more than 1,100 business leaders citing "an urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions." Signers included the chief executives of Boeing, Honeywell International Inc , United Technologies Corp , Lockheed Martin Corp , Northrop Grumman Corp and Caterpillar Inc . U.S. businesses "cannot truly prosper ... in a country that is divided and distrustful," Jay Timmons, chief executive officer of the trade group, wrote in the letter, adding it is "time to mend the divisions in our country." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Alan Crosby) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business U.S. aerospace and defense industry welcomes Trump victory U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, November 10, 2016 SEATTLE - U.S. aerospace companies and lobbying groups embraced Donald Trump's presidential victory on Wednesday, setting aside fears that his policies would depress sales, shatter global alliances and roll back trade agreements. Defense contractors in particular stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, given his pledges to beef up the U.S. military. Boeing Co <BA.N>, which is finalizing a deal to sell 100 jetliners to Iran, congratulated Trump and members of Congress and said it looked forward to working with them to promote global economic growth and protect workers. Trump has strongly criticized an Iran nuclear deal that made the sale possible. The warm response from the world's No. 1 plane maker echoed friendly overtures from other U.S. manufacturers such as Ford Motor Co <F.N>, which endured sharp criticism from Trump during the campaign for its growing operations in Mexico. Manufacturers also pressed Trump on issues such as restoring the U.S. Export-Import Bank, increasing defense spending and pouring more investment into airport infrastructure. Shares of aerospace and defense companies rose on Wednesday. The Dow Jones U.S. aerospace and defense index was up 4 percent in afternoon trading. Boeing shares were up 2 percent at $145.20 on the New York Stock Exchange. Among other major arms makers, Raytheon Co <RTN.N> was up 7.4 percent at $146.56 and Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> was up 6 percent at $253.50. NO "TREATY RIPPING" Trump had derided trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership as bad deals, and vowed to renegotiate them. He also threatened to upend global security alliances. But on Wednesday, industry trade groups said Trump had not created as much uncertainty for manufacturers as his rhetoric suggested, and offered policy prescriptions. "It would be hard for a brand new president to come in and say, 'I'm ripping up this treaty,'" David Melcher, chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association, said in an interview. The organization, founded in 1919, represents more than 300 aerospace and defense companies. Requiring alliance partners to pay more for defense "is probably a neutral" for U.S. arms sales, he added. Boeing's defense and space businesses could get a boost from an expected increase in military spending under Trump. "We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress," Boeing said in a statement. We "look forward to working with them to ensure that U.S. companies can compete, win and grow our economy to provide good jobs to U.S. workers, as well as preserve American leadership in national security." There were signs of lingering concern about the negative tone of the campaign. The National Association of Manufacturers sent a letter to Trump on Wednesday, signed by more than 1,100 business leaders citing "an urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions." Signers included the chief executives of Boeing, Honeywell International Inc <HON.N>, United Technologies Corp <UTX.N>, Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N>, Northrop Grumman Corp <NOC.N> and Caterpillar Inc <CAT.N>. U.S. businesses "cannot truly prosper ... in a country that is divided and distrustful," Jay Timmons, chief executive officer of the trade group, wrote in the letter, adding it is "time to mend the divisions in our country." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home World world news US presidential elections result: Aerospace and defense industry welcomes Donald Trump victory US presidential elections result: Aerospace and defense industry welcomes Donald Trump victory Defense contractors in particular stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, given his pledges to beef up the US military. By: Reuters | Seattle | Published:November 10, 2016 2:35 am US President-elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New York. (Source: Reuters) Aerospace companies and lobbying groups embraced Donald Trump’s presidential victory on Wednesday, setting aside fears that his policies would depress sales, shatter global alliances and roll back trade agreements. Defense contractors in particular stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, given his pledges to beef up the U.S. military. Boeing Co, which is finalizing a deal to sell jetliners to Iran, congratulated Trump and members of Congress and said it looked forward to working with them to promote global economic growth and protect workers. The warm response from the world’s No. 1 plane maker echoed friendly overtures from other U.S. manufacturers such as Ford Motor Co, which endured sharp criticism from Trump for its growing operations in Mexico during the presidential campaign. Trump had derided trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership as bad deals, and vowed to renegotiate them. But on Wednesday, industry trade groups said Trump had not created as much uncertainty for manufacturers as his rhetoric suggested, and offered policy prescriptions for the new administration. “It would be hard for a brand new president to come in and say, ‘I’m ripping up this treaty,'” David Melcher, chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association, said in an interview. The organization, founded in 1919, represents more than 300 aerospace and defense companies. “I don’t think it’s going to happen like that.” Boeing’s sale of 100 planes to Iran was made possible by a nuclear deal that Trump has strongly criticized. But Boeing’s defense and space businesses could get a boost from an expected increase in military spending under Trump. “We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress,” Boeing said in a statement. We “look forward to working with them to ensure that U.S. companies can compete, win and grow our economy to provide good jobs to U.S. workers, as well as preserve American leadership in national security.” Shares of aerospace and defense companies rose on Wednesday. Boeing was up 2 percent at $145.20 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Among other major arms makers Raytheon Co was up 7.8 percent at $147.12 and Lockheed Martin Corp was up 6.5 percent at $254.84.   Tags: donald trump US Presidential elections 2016 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Kolkata: Heroin worth Rs 23 lakh seized from 2 Sri Lankans After complaints, Trump-branded buildings being renamed West Bengal bypolls: BJP team meets CEO, seeks central forces Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Aerospace and defense industry welcomes Trump victory By Reuters Published: 15:13 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 15:13 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, Nov 9 (Reuters) - Aerospace companies and lobbying groups embraced Donald Trump's presidential victory on Wednesday, setting aside fears that his policies would depress sales, shatter global alliances and roll back trade agreements. Defense contractors in particular stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, given his pledges to beef up the U.S. military. Boeing Co, which is finalizing a deal to sell jetliners to Iran, congratulated Trump and members of Congress and said it looked forward to working with them to promote global economic growth and protect workers. The warm response from the world's No. 1 plane maker echoed friendly overtures from other U.S. manufacturers such as Ford Motor Co, which endured sharp criticism from Trump for its growing operations in Mexico during the presidential campaign. Trump had derided trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership as bad deals, and vowed to renegotiate them. But on Wednesday, industry trade groups said Trump had not created as much uncertainty for manufacturers as his rhetoric suggested, and offered policy prescriptions for the new administration. "It would be hard for a brand new president to come in and say, 'I'm ripping up this treaty,'" David Melcher, chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association, said in an interview. The organization, founded in 1919, represents more than 300 aerospace and defense companies. "I don't think it's going to happen like that." Boeing's sale of 100 planes to Iran was made possible by a nuclear deal that Trump has strongly criticized. But Boeing's defense and space businesses could get a boost from an expected increase in military spending under Trump. "We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress," Boeing said in a statement. We "look forward to working with them to ensure that U.S. companies can compete, win and grow our economy to provide good jobs to U.S. workers, as well as preserve American leadership in national security." Shares of aerospace and defense companies rose on Wednesday. Boeing was up 2 percent at $145.20 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Among other major arms makers Raytheon Co was up 7.8 percent at $147.12 and Lockheed Martin Corp was up 6.5 percent at $254.84. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Donald Trump wins: Over 1,000 top CEOs write to President-elect urging him to end divisive rhetoric Bosses of Coke, Pfizer, Boeing and more warn of 'an urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions', after the bitterest election campaign in history Ben Chapman Thursday 10 November 2016 12:49 BST Not a single chief executive of America's top 100 companies donated funds to Mr Trump's campaign Reuters Chief executives of more than 1,100 US companies, including Coca-Cola, Boeing and Pfizer have written an open letter to President-elect, Donald Trump urging him to end his divisive campaign rhetoric. “American families, businesses and our communities cannot truly prosper and reach their full potential in a country that is divided and distrustful,” the letter said, in an apparent reference to Trump’s often-inflammatory speeches. The Republican real-estate tycoon has called Mexicans living in the US rapists and made a string of derogatory remarks about women on the campaign trail and previously. Read more Donald Trump wins: Thousands of Americans take to streets to protest The letter urged him to work with businesses to “bring our country back together again”, after perhaps the most bitter election campaign in US history. Business leaders, including the chief of arms manufacturer Lockheed Martin, warned Mr Trump of “an urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions,” after what they described as a “particularly difficult election”. A process of healing is required after the “harshness of the campaign season”, the leaders said. Businesses have expressed concern as Mr Trump has repeatedly pushed protectionist policies which many believe will stunt economic growth. Mr Trump railed against companies for relocating jobs to China and India at the expense of the US.  President Trump protests 20 show all President Trump protests 1/20 Patrons hold a sign as people march by while protesting the election of Republican Donald Trump as the president of the United States in downtown Los Angeles, California Reuters 2/20 Demonstrators rally following the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, in Oakland, California Reuters 3/20 Demonstrators march following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 4/20 Thousands of protesters rallied across the United States expressing shock and anger over Donald Trump's election, vowing to oppose divisive views they say helped the Republican billionaire win the presidency AFP/Getty Images 5/20 Demonstrators protest outside the Chicago Theatre in Chicago, Illinois Getty 6/20 A police officer aims a launcher after demonstrators threw projectiles toward a line of officers during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 7/20 An officer examines a vandalized police vehicle as demonstrators riot in Oakland, California Reuters 8/20 Demonstrators take over the Hollywood 101 Freeway just north of Los Angeles City Hall in protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 9/20 A woman holds up a sign reading 'Trump you are an Idiot' as demonstrators gather during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump outside the City Hall building in Los Angeles, California EPA 10/20 A masked demonstrator gestures toward a police line during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 11/20 Demonstrators protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, near the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas, Nevada Reuters 12/20 Musician Lagy Gaga stages a protest against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in New York City Getty 13/20 A woman yells as she takes part in a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 14/20 A man dressed in red-white-and-blue sits on the curb during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 15/20 A protester sets off fireworks during a protest against President-elect Donald Trumpin Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 16/20 University of California, Davis students protest on campus in Davis, California, U.S. following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 17/20 An Oakland police officer checks out damage after a window was broken by protesters at a car dealership in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 18/20 A protester faces a police line in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 19/20 President-elect Donald Trumpís victory set off multiple protests AP 20/20 A fire burns during protests in Oakland, Calif AP Not a single chief executive of America’s 100 largest companies donated money to Mr Trump's campaign, with many preferring Hillary Clinton as the establishment candidate. One policy that has pleased executives, however, is a proposed corporation tax cut from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, while banks are positive about his pledge to dismantle Wall Street regulation. Jay Timmons, president of the National Association of Manufacturers, said: “When you have an economy that’s not working as it should, with people being displaced out of jobs, frustrated with their economic progress and with their families’ standing, then you’re going to have this kind of negative response and reaction… But the solution is what the business community offers." More about: Donald Trump US election 2016 US election Election 2016 Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site

null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The phone so secure even the head of the NSA uses it: Boeing's secret 'blackphone' that can SELF DESTRUCT if tampered with begins testing (and no, you can't buy one) Handset will run Google's Android Software Attempt to open the case automatically deletes all data Will be able to take two SIM cards for secure calls By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:17 EST, 8 November 2016 | Updated: 17:45 EST, 8 November 2016 e-mail 49 shares 24 View comments It could be the ultimate spyphone - and even the head of the NSA is a fan. Developed by Boeing and the Defense Information Systems Agency, the Boeing Black phone is designed for secure communication between governmental agencies and their contractors. The handset can even self destruct if it is tampered with, destroying all the data on it, and is so secure that Boeing will only sell it to 'approved' purchasers. Scroll down for video  The Black Phone from Boeing, which can 'self destruct' if compromised SPYPHONE SPECS: WHAT WE KNOW The dual-sim phone supports GSM, WCDMA and LTE for high speed data.  It has a 4.3inch screen   The handset also comes with USB , Wifi and Bluetooth. It will run a secure version of Google's Android software. One of those approved to use the device is NSA head and Cyber Command chief Adm. Michael Rogers, said Department of Defense Information Networks head Lt. Gen. Alan Lynn, who revealed toDefence One Rogers is one of a select few to have the device. 'The Boeing Black is the device we're currently working with,' Lynn said. 'We're just now in the test phase.'  Blackberry confirmed the existence of the project last year - but refused to reveal any more information. 'We're pleased to announce that Boeing is collaborating with BlackBerry to provide a secure mobile solution for Android devices utilizing our BES 12 platform,' BlackBerry's ex-CEO John Chen said on a conference call held to discuss its quarterly results in 2015. 'That, by the way, is all they allow me to say.'  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Have a stressed out spaniel or a twitchy terrier? FDA... Why Neanderthal DNA lost out: Natural selection deleted weak... Giant cobwebs appear in a Lancashire village overnight after... Could we survive a nuclear winter? Shocking video reveals... Share this article Share 49 shares Blackberry confirmed the existence of the project last year - but refused to reveal any more information. The Boeing Black device encrypts calls and is aimed at government agencies and others that need to keep communications and data secure.  It uses dual SIM cards to enable it to access multiple cell networks and can be configured to connect with biometric sensors and satellites.  Lynn confirmed the Boeing Black works with 'a large amount of encryption.' However, he said it was its ability to keep data on servers rather than on the handset that made it attractive. The FCC filing reveal very little about the phone - other than its shape and the fact it will take two sim cards 'There's nothing that lives on the devices,' he explained. The system works by using the handset to access a remote server on the military's Top Secret JWICS network.  The phone itself just send keyboard, mouse and other signals to the 'real' server. said Lynn: 'We're not too worried about losing data,' at least not off the phone,' aid Lynn. He also admitted he thought his boss liked that handset.  'I think he does,' he told Defence One. 'Haven't heard any complaints.' 'The phone will be sold primarily to government agencies and companies  engaged in contractual activities with those agencies that are related to defense and homeland security,' Boeing says. It plans to limit the sale of the device to 'approved' buyers. 'The device will be marketed and sold in a manner such that low level technical and operational information about the product will not be provided to the general public.' Even if approved, buyers will have to sign an agreement agreeing to keep their details of the phone secret. 'Specifically designates and protects as 'proprietary information' the components, hardware, Product Software, applications, functionalities, or internal structure or workings of the Product provided by Seller, including without limitation those that can be obtained by disassembling or opening the Product or its software or components.' BlackBerry CEO John Chen revealed the handset on a conference call held to discuss its quarterly results It also reveals that the handset will be completely sealed, and any attempt to open it will destroy the phone and delete all the data on it. 'There are no serviceable parts on Boeing's Black phone and any attempted servicing or replacing of parts would destroy the product. 'The Boeing Black phone is manufactured as a sealed device both with epoxy around the casing and with screws, the heads of which are covered with tamper proof covering to identify attempted disassembly. 'Any attempt to break open the casing of the device would trigger functions that would delete the data and software contained within the device and make the device inoperable.' Read more: See the FCC filing The NSA Chief Has A Phone For Top-Secret Messaging. Here’s How It Works - Defense One Share or comment on this article e-mail 49 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion Making a tidy profit too 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit as they attend Fantastic Beasts premiere  Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Don't book 'em! Gossip Girl actress Tika Sumpter outraged after her mom is arrested for $10 LIBRARY FINE - even though she already returned the book Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
YOURERIE 44° Erie Clear Sponsored By YOURERIE 44° Erie Clear Sections News Weather Sections News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday News Weather Community Business Directory Video Center Contests TV Schedule Don't Miss Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday Singapore Airlines shops for world's longest jet Planes would be the length of a football field By Jon Ostrower Published 11/08 2016 12:40PM Updated 11/08 2016 12:40PM Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. SEATTLE (CNNMoney) Boeing and Airbus are holding a paper airplane contest. A very expensive one. And the winner may get the chance to build the world's longest jet. The U.S. and European aerospace giants are vying for a coveted spot in the fleet of Singapore Airlines. By the end of the year, the airline is expected to back one of the company's designs, according to three people familiar with the campaign. There's a "pretty fierce campaign for this" order from Singapore, said one of the people. At the moment, the Boeing and Airbus planes exist largely as PowerPoint presentations that are being evaluated by engineers at Singapore Airlines. Both planes would be the longest twin-aisle jets ever built and the biggest with just two engines. Nose to tail, they'll be nearly the length of a football field. Airbus' A350-2000 would be nearly 258 feet long and seat 400 passengers. Boeing's 777-10X would be 263 feet and hold 450, in standard arrangements. That's about 30 and 50 passengers more, respectively, than the current largest A350 and 777X jets. While both jets may earn the title of world's longest, they won't carry the most passengers. The four-engine Airbus A380 has the distinction of being able to hold more passengers than any other airliner, carrying about 550 people on two decks. Boeing's new design would put it within striking distance of the A380 and even its own iconic 747 jumbo jet. Both have suffered from slow sales and declining production. And the new 777X would also have the advantage of being able to fit into airports that can't accommodate the A380 and its gargantuan wingspan, while carrying nearly as many passengers. The 777X wingtips will fold upwards after landing, so the plane will fit into the same gates and use the same taxiways as today's 777s. The wingspan on the A350 is slightly smaller than the 777X. The first model in Boeing's 777X lineup begins flying passengers in 2020. The A350 entered service in 2015. Additionally, both designs would stretch the fuselages to make room in the cabin for more seats, and move galleys used for food preparation to under the passenger cabin floor. The current versions of these Airbus and Boeing planes are priced at $355 million and $400 million, respectively, and the new, bigger jets will undoubtedly be more expensive. However, airlines get steep discounts from those published prices. Singapore is weighing all the attributes of each jet as it decides on which to back. The tricky part for designers at both manufacturers is to make sure that the jets don't get so long that they require more runway to takeoff and land, which would limit where they can fly and how much they can carry. The longer a jet gets, the more engineers have to account for the increased weight and length. Without more thrust from the engines or added lift from the wings, pilots will require more runway as they accelerate for takeoff. It might be harder for Airbus to provide enough thrust from its Rolls-Royce engines to accommodate the longer and heavier jet, said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis for the Teal Group consultancy. Airbus and Rolls have already revised the A350's engine once, and the Boeing 777X may already hold an inherent design advantage with the new General Electric engines and larger wingspan, he said. "We are always working in partnership with Airbus to ensure that the A350...continues to address all airline requirements," a Rolls-Royce spokesman said in a statement. However, Aboulafia said Airbus does not have big new development plans for after 2017 and could bring the A350-2000 to market sooner than Boeing, which has its lineup planned through 2021. Singapore's decision to back one plane or the other doesn't guarantee that either the Boeing or Airbus design will be developed. But an endorsement from Singapore will give the model the credibility a new product needs to help win deals with other airlines. Boeing and Airbus must demonstrate to their boards of directors that they have enough buyer interest before they can begin manufacturing. "We discuss fleet requirements with manufacturers on a regular basis, and any such discussions are confidential," said Nicholas Ionides, Singapore Airlines vice president of public affairs. A Boeing spokesman said, "we will continue to study 777X derivatives and seek customer input to develop products that provide the most value for customers," but stressed that no decisions have yet been made. An Airbus spokesman declined to discuss any ongoing sales campaigns. Both plane makers have been rolling out the red carpet for Singapore. A year ago, Airbus launched an ultra-long range version of the A350 for Singapore for non-stop flights to New York, and in October, Singapore got Airbus's 10,000th delivery. The airline already has ordered more than 65 A350s. Boeing is set to hand over its even-larger 787-10 Dreamliner first to the carrier in 2018. Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories Trump's Washington hotel could become ethical headache Chili's apologizes after manager takes vet's meal Aide: Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump Don't Miss YourErie.com Golf Pass Bianchi Honda SkyCam Contests Ask the Professionals Your Wellness Network Connect with YourErie Community Calendar Latest News Local National Local National Local army pilot makes stop in Erie, lands Black Hawk helicopter Third art project underway on West 12th Street Gannon students discuss election with Erie native Steve Scully Retired U.S. Army sergeant shares his story of opioid addiction in Erie Millcreek to use $300,000 for sidewalk settlement Trump's Washington hotel could become ethical headache Chili's apologizes after manager takes vet's meal Aide: Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump 3 NYC luxury buildings to drop Trump name Popular medications linked to higher risk of stroke Video Center Local News Local News Mountains Weather Forecast Tuesday 11/15/16 PM Regional Weather Forecast Tuesday 11/15/16 PM Lakeshore Weather Forecast Tuesday 11/15/16 PM YourErie on Facebook YourErie on Twitter Jet PinPoint Weather on Facebook YourErie2Go iPhone App YourErie2Go Android App Up Next Trump's Washington hotel could become ethical headache Meet the Team Download Apps Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - YourErie.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report WJET FCC Public File WFXP FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > Zhuhai 2016 > China’s Nanshan Aluminum To Supply Boeing With Plate You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN China’s Nanshan Aluminum To Supply Boeing With Plate Nov 8, 2016 Bradley Perrett | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement ZHUHAI, China—Chinese company Nanshan Aluminum will supply aerospace-grade aluminum plate to Boeing, taking a key step in accessing the global market.                                                                        Nanshan will use the contract as a foundation for expanding its plate business and growing into aluminum extrusions and aluminum and titanium forgings, Chairman Cheng Rence says. Chinese manufacturers are small players in the global aerospace metals market, in which companies such as Boeing and Airbus demand material properties that are not easy for inexperienced firms to achieve. Airbus contracted China’s Southwest Aluminum in 2011 to supply aluminum plate. The Chinese plant of U.S. company Aleris will also supply aluminum to Airbus under a long-term contract signed in July. Despite the challenges of working with new suppliers, cultivating them is in the interest of aircraft makers, since they intensify competition. “Developing local suppliers and incorporating them into the global aerospace supply chain is a key focus of our industrial cooperation with Chinese industry,” said Ian Chang, who manages suppliers in the country for Boeing’s commercial business. “This new collaboration will capitalize on Nanshan’s vertical integration, new equipment and ability to offer firm fixed pricing to build an aviation aluminum supply base in China that can be globally competitive.” Boeing has been working with Nanshan to qualify its aerospace materials operation. Nanshan is based in Shandong, a province in eastern China. The agreement between Boeing and Nanshan was announced at Airshow China, held here Nov. 1–6.   Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Deliveries Soon From Chinese Aleris Aluminum Mill   Deliveries Soon From Chinese Aleris Aluminum Mill   Deliveries Soon From Chinese Aleris Aluminum Mill   Alcoa, Boeing Unveil Their Largest-Ever Agreement   INDUSTRY GIRDS FOR IMPACT OF ALUMINUM PRICE HIKES   Advertisement Connect with ShowNews Email your latest news that you have planned for NBAA and Zhuhai to ShowNews' Editor-In-Chief, John Morris Sign up to receive the ShowNews edition of the Daily Digest newsletter. Interested in advertising? Learn More Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Air Astana, ALC Take Delivery Of First A320neo You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Air Astana, ALC Take Delivery Of First A320neo Nov 8, 2016 Cathy Buyck | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Airbus TOULOUSE—Air Astana could decide in 2017 on a new order for more Airbus A320neo-family aircraft, CEO Peter Foster said during the Nov. 8 handover ceremony of the Kazakhstan flag carrier’s first A320neo here. “We have a rigid and strict corporate governance process in place. Once this process is over, we will take it to the next level,” he told Aviation Daily, while insisting he could not provide more details before shareholders and the board had taken a decision. The ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must be a paid subscriber to access "Air Astana, ALC Take Delivery Of First A320neo".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Pegasus Takes First Leap-1A-Powered Airbus A320neo   Pratt Engine Issues Prompt Airbus A320neo Launch Operator Change 26   Follow A320neo Updates, 737-7X Status At Farnborough 1   GoAir Takes Its First A320neo Airbus Struggles With A320neo Engine Delays, Customer Complaints 54   Advertisement Premium Commercial Content EasyJet Expects Market To Remain Difficult  Berkshire Hathaway Bets Big On U.S. Mainline Carriers  NTSB Faults Controllers In 2015 Collisions  United Airlines Converts 737-700 Order  ALC CEO: Wall Street Reaction To U.S. Election ‘Typical’  Rely on Aviation Daily’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
MENU VIDEOS Video: Coast Guard Sikorsky HH-52A Seaguard Helicopter Dedication at NASM Video: World War II War Criminals Standing Trial Video: 2013 Rolling Thunder Motorcycle Run Honoring Military Personnel Conspiracy Theories Thrive On This Video: Japan Surrenders to Allies in World War II Newscast Shocking Visualization of World War II Fatalities View all Close GALLERIES Images of D-Day at Normandy The Greatest Airshow on Earth Life on the Yangtze Lithographs From George Bellows’s War Series Rare Artifacts from Confederate Maryland Soldiers 1965 Voting Rights Act Gallery View all Close SECTIONS Ask Mr. History Interactive Audio Quiz HistoryNet Interviews Personalities Book Reviews Close MAGAZINES American History Magazine America’s Civil War Magazine Civil War Times Magazine Aviation History Magazine Military History Magazine MHQ Magazine Vietnam Magazine Wild West Magazine World War II Magazine Close TOPICS Vicksburg: The Campaign That Opened the Mississippi (Book Review) Book Review: The Union Must Stand: The Civil War Diary of John Quincy Adams Campbell, Fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry (edited by Mark Grimsley and Todd D. Miller): ACW MHQ Reviews: Cain at Gettysburg The Day New York Tried to Secede Major General Adelbert Ames: Forgotten Man of the 20th Maine Battle of Stones River: Philip Sheridan’s Rise to Millitary Fame Venturing into the Memorial’s Vault on The Wall’s 30th Anniversary Tuskegee Airmen to be in Rose Bowl Parade Three Views of the Lincoln-Douglass Dynamic: August/September 2009 Timeline: The Abolition of the Slave Trade 43rd Anniversary of Martin Luther King’s ‘Beyond Vietnam’ Speech Why the Civil Rights Movement Was an Insurgency Explosion at the Allegheny Arsenal Hello Dollies! Patricia Graham: Australian Female Pilot Book Review: Covered Wagon Women: Diaries & Letters from the Western Trails, 1850 (edited by Kenneth L. Holmes) : WW Martha Derby Perry: Eyewitness to the 1863 New York City Draft Riots Book Review: All the Queen’s Men: The World of Elizabeth I (by Peter Brimacombe) : BH 1st Cav Radio Interviews with Mike Shepherd in A Shau Valley My War – Helicopter Pilot John Dean The Cadaver Connection Exhibit Review: Southeast Asia War Gallery at USAF Museum Notorious Madame Nhu Dies Interview – Jan C. Scruggs, president of Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund Multi-Media Review: LIGHTHOUSES OF NORTH AMERICA : AH Martin Guitar Factory American History: December 1999 From the Editor Barnstorming Aces Satchel Paige and Dizzy Dean John Glenn: First American to Orbit the Earth Martin Luther King Jr.: The Man, The March, the Dream Roy Andersen – Art of the West Helen Chain Multi-Media Review: NORMAN ROCKWELL: THE MAN AND HIS ART (CD-ROM) : AH Book Review: Frederic Remington Ely, Nevada – Art of the West Travis Erickson Close TODAY IN HISTORY SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK FOR HISTORYNET WHAT IS HISTORYNET.COM? ADVERTISING INQUIRIES HERITAGE TRAVEL DIRECTORY PRIVACY POLICY Close Captain Chesley Sullenberger's successful ditching of an Airbus A320 in New York's Hudson River on January 15, 2009, set a new standard for "happy" emergency landings. The 10 Greatest Emergency Landings facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print By Stephan Wilkinson 11/8/2016 • Aviation History Magazine ‘Ever since the beginning of flight, pilots have been taught to keep in some small corner of their aviator’s toolbox the thought that maybe, just maybe, something will someday require them to land in a way and at a place not of their choosing’ US Airways Captain Chesley Sullenberger’s remarkable ditching of his Airbus A320 in the Hudson River is undoubtedly the most famous forced landing of all time. But ever since the beginning of flight, pilots have been taught to constantly keep in some small com­partment of their aviator’s toolbox the thought that maybe, just maybe, something will someday require them to land in a way and at a place not of their choosing. Fixed-wing pilots even practice it, though unless an actual runway is available it’s a kind of emergency interruptus exercise, never carried to its conclusion. (Helicopter pilots practice autorotations to the ground, an adrenaline-pumping maneuver.) Here are Aviation History’s nominations for the best-ever airplane emergency landings, big and small, heroic and embarrassing, skillful and just plain lucky. Navajo Save On a late afternoon in June 1993, air taxi pilot Edward Wyer, a 45-year-old ex-RAF Tornado pilot, took off from Birmingham, England, on a flight to Norwich, about 130 miles due east. Aboard were seven passengers—a load that, in his eight-seat Piper Navajo, made even a low-rent charter airliner seem spacious. The two back-row fares sat with their knees in their faces, and Wyer had a traveler next to him in what normally would have been the copilot’s seat. Some 40 miles west of Norwich, as Wyer slowly reduced power to begin his descent, there was a huge bang, the airplane shook like a soggy Labrador and both engines went silent. The right engine, in fact, went away—tore itself from its mounts and fell off. It had shed one of its three prop blades, and the huge rotating imbalance ripped the engine loose. Nor was that the only damage done by the big aluminum blade. Flung with incredible force through the Navajo’s nose, it flew out the other side and into the left engine’s prop, killing that engine. Meanwhile, the sudden asymmetry had snapped the Piper into a tight spin to the right, which Wyer managed to correct after only two turns—nice work even if you’re fully prepared for a practice spin in an intact airplane. Wyer tried his best to reach a satisfactory glide angle, but at anything less than a steep descent at 130 knots, the airplane began to roll uncontrollably. Coming down fast, Wyer spotted an open field to his left and without hesitation turned toward it, even though the approach path was complicated by powerlines. It took two hands on the yoke and all his strength to manage the airplane, so there was no way Wyer could hand-pump the flaps and landing gear down with the emergency handle, but he managed to get over the wires and put the Navajo down on its belly so gently that the sole injury was to a passenger who later claimed whiplash. Accident investigators were able to verify the exact place where the Navajo’s tail had first brushed a tall stand of crops, and the neatly cut swath showed that the airplane had sunk inch by inch over a 2,300-foot flare and slid a smooth 460 feet after ground contact. Snapped Wing Spar While practicing for the 1970 world aerobatic flyoff, British champion Neil Williams felt the wing spar of his Zlin 526 suddenly fail during a pullout from a vertical dive. As he instinctively closed the throttle and tried to level off, Williams realized that the left wing was folded at nearly a 45-degree angle to the fuselage, severed at the root but still somehow held in place. Sure that he was about to die, Williams flashed back to a Bulgarian Zlin pilot who’d snapped an upper wing bolt while flying inverted. When that airplane flick-rolled upright in reaction to the suddenly askew spar, the wing flopped back into position under positive Gs and held until the stunned pilot landed. Williams figured that if he’d had the opposite failure upright, maybe he could invert the Zlin and hold the wing in place with negative Gs long enough to at worst crash-land inverted, perhaps into trees to cushion the impact. With the airplane on its back and the broken wing indeed maintaining a tenuous connection, Williams now had another problem: The Zlin’s engine died. He’d inadvertently jostled the fuel cock closed during the confusion, but he got the engine restarted, remembering to select the correct tank for inverted flight. The airfield from which he’d departed, RAF Hullavington, was now nearby, and his ground crew had already summoned crash trucks, so Williams decided to land there. He flew the pattern and final approach inverted and at the last possible moment rolled the Zlin upright and flopped onto the ground just as the left wing totally failed. At the last possible moment? Consider this: The Zlin’s left wingtip briefly furrowed the airstrip grass for six yards while the airplane rolled from inverted to level, yet never broke the plastic cover of the wingtip nav light. The Gimli Glider When the pilots of Air Canada Flight 143 heard a deep “BONG” in the cockpit on July 23, 1983, it was a warning bell they’d never heard before, even during simulated training emergencies. No wonder: The sound signified that both engines were out of fuel, an inconceivable situation for a state-of-the-art Boeing 767-200 placidly en route from Montreal to Edmonton, Canada. The chain of events that led to this stunning situation included an inoperative fuel-quantity indicating system and a top-off in Montreal done in metric units of jet fuel that the crew assumed were gallons. That was the bad news. The good news was that Captain Robert Pear­son was a sailplane pilot, and he quickly came up with what he figured was the 767’s best glide speed for maximum distance and turned toward Winnipeg, which seemed within range. Even more fortuitous was that 1st Officer Maurice Quintal had been stationed at a base called Gimli when he was in the Royal Canadian Air Force, and Gimli was even closer than Winnipeg. Quintal proposed Gimli as an option. He wasn’t aware, however, that Gimli RCAFB had become Gimli Industrial Park Airport, a casual general aviation field that had converted one of its two runways into a dragstrip. Air Canada Flight 143's collapsed nose wheel at Gimli airfield redefined "drag-race"—in a good way. (Wayne Glowacki / Winnipeg Free Press) Without power except from a ram-air turbine (RAT) emergency hydraulic unit, the 767’s glass-cockpit instrument panel was totally dark, with only a few small backup gauges to provide basic speed, altitude and heading information. And as the airplane slowed to approach speed, the RAT put out less power and the hydraulically operated controls became harder to move. With Pearson flying, Quintal put the landing-gear handle down on approach to Gimli’s east/west runway. It turned out to be the deactivated one, that day hosting an autocross and covered with sports cars, RVs, campers, drivers and spectators. With no power, the main wheels free-fell into place, but the nose-gear strut never locked down. Pearson realized that he was too high and kicked the big Boeing into a substantial, cross-controlled sideslip to lose altitude. It was a technique to which he was accustomed in gliders but a sporty maneuver in a 95-ton sweptwing jet. The 767 touched down hard and then experienced the final fortunate circumstance of the day: While racers scattered in every direction and Pearson braked like a Corvette driver staring at a hairpin turn, the nose-gear strut collapsed, and the 767’s nose ground the airplane to a halt just short of the carnage it might have created while rolling. The only injuries among the 61 passengers were a few minor ones suffered during the inflatable slide evacuation. Piggyback Ansons The Avro Anson, roughly the size of a Twin Beech, was a ubiquitous British Commonwealth twin-engine trainer during World War II, but it was hardly so common that two identical Ansons might collide in the vast, cloudless sky over New South Wales, Australia, on September 29, 1940. Yet not only did they collide, they did so gently enough, while flying in exactly the same direction at the same altitude, that they created a large, four-engine biplane—forever to be known in Oz as the “Piggy­back Ansons.” Royal Australian Air Force Leading Aircraftman Leonard Fuller was slowly descending to cruise at a lower altitude in his Anson Mk. I when he pancaked onto the Mk. I of LAC Jack Hew­son, who had been flying level, unseen directly below him. The mating was facilitated by the fact that Ansons had clumsy, hand-cranked retractable landing gear that took a numbing 140 turns to raise and another 140 to extend for landing. So if they weren’t in a hurry, Anson pilots like Fuller often simply left the gear down and accepted the 30-mph speed penalty. This meant that Fuller’s airplane essentially straddled Hewson’s, its wheels sitting atop Hewson’s wings. Hewson, stunned but survival-minded, firewalled his two throttles, locked the yoke for level flight with his seatbelt, crawled out of the shattered cockpit side window and parachuted free. Fuller, meanwhile, found that he could actually fly the tandem, since all his flight controls were untouched and operable, and the two roaring, overboosted engines Hewson had left behind—plus Fuller’s still-running right engine—were adequate to keep the pair in the air. Leonard Fuller's skill and quick thinking saved one of two conjoined Avro Ansons to fly another day. (Australian War Memorial) While the Ansons descended through 500 feet to what Fuller hoped would be a controlled crash, the bottom airplane’s engines seized, one after the other, from the stress of a power setting meant to be maintained for only a few minutes during takeoff. The Anson duo sank rapidly, but as he approached a farm field, Fuller two-blocked his own right throttle and flared in ground effect, touching down so lightly—yes, Hewson had also left his landing gear down for the flight—that the only damage to the airplanes was from the midair. Hewson’s airplane was a write-off, but Fuller’s was easily repaired and flew on with the RAAF for another seven years. The Show Must Go On RAF Flight Lt. William Reid was the lone pilot of an Avro Lancaster on the way to Dusseldorf with a load of bombs on the night of November 3, 1943. Barely halfway to the target and just past the Dutch coast, Reid took a burst through his windscreen from a Messerschmitt Me-110G night fighter and was hit in the shoulders and hands, his head raked by splinters of sharp Perspex. The attack had also damaged the elevator trim and left the Lanc without compasses. A lesser man would have done a 180 and headed home, but Reid soldiered on. (Unlike U.S. heavy bombers, Lancasters were single-pilot airplanes without dual controls. The flight engineer sat where a copilot normally would, on a seat that folded to provide access to the bombardier’s compartment.) A Focke Wulf Fw-190 “Wilde Sau” night fighter found them soon thereafter and did worse damage, killing the navigator, mortally wounding the radio operator and disabling the airplane’s oxygen system. Reid was hit again, but the flight engineer, despite a bullet through one arm, was able to bring him a portable O2 bottle. They were still nearly an hour from the target, but Reid managed to dead-reckon to Dusseldorf so precisely that the automatic strike camera later showed their bombs dead on target. Only the engineer was aware of how grievously wounded the pilot was; Reid had said nothing on the intercom. Weak from spilled blood, Reid set a course for home by the North Star and the moon. The oxygen bottle was empty, and the shattered windscreen bathed him in a 215-mph blast of bitter November air. Somehow the flight engineer helped to keep the semi-controllable Lanc on course, through the inevitable flak barrages along the Dutch coast and across the North Sea to the flatlands of Norfolk. With the USAAF base at Shipdham in sight, a tenacious Reid, blood from his freshly opened head wounds obscuring his vision, was roused to make the night landing between two rows of runway lights barely glimmering through ground fog. The Avro settled to earth heavily but safely even though the damaged legs of the one main gear gave way. For his airmanship, courage and devotion to duty, Bill Reid was awarded the Victoria Cross. Into the Rain Forest There are times when pilots will become heroes, if only briefly, for safely extracting themselves and their passengers from bad situations of their own making, and so it was for the crew of Brazilian airline Varig’s Flight 254 on September 3, 1989. It had been a long day for the crew of the Boeing 737. The airplane had taken off from São Paulo in the morning and flown north most of the length of Brazil, with half a dozen stops en route, when they reached Maraba, about 200 miles south of their final destination, Belém. At 5:30 p.m., they prepared to again take off. Captain César Garcez glanced at the printed flight plan and saw that the course to Belém was “0270.” That meant a heading of 027.0 degrees—north-northeast. Yet Garcez incomprehensibly read it as 270 degrees—due west, straight into one of the least-inhabited parts of Brazil, the jungles of the northern Mato Grosso. It was an act akin to a pilot bound from San Francisco to Seattle instead pointing his airplane at Hawaii. By the time the two crewmen realized their error—Garcez’s copilot, Nilson de Souza Zille, unquestioningly accepted the captain’s course—they were too low on fuel to save themselves. At 8:40, more than two hours after they were due in Belém, Garcez radioed air traffic control that he would be landing in the rain forest, though he still had no idea where. Garcez flew on until he’d emptied the Boeing’s fuel tanks, since there was no way to dump fuel and he wanted to land with the least possible risk of fire. When the engines finally sighed to a stop, Garcez was unable to extend more than a minimal amount of flaps, with hy­draulic power fast fading, and could barely make out the horizon from the light of faraway fires. He had no cockpit lights and few working instruments, yet he managed to flare the 737 into the tops of rain forest trees as high as an 18-story building. As the Boeing found the ground, its wings tore off and it quickly slid to a stop. Thirteen people died, but 41 survived. The crewmen were briefly lauded for their skill…until it became obvious why they’d needed it. When Throttles Are Your Only Flight Control It’s widely agreed among air transport pilots that the safe touchdown of a near-uncontrollable Airbus A300 at Baghdad International Air­port on November 22, 2003—after it was hit by a shoulder-fired missile—qualifies as one of the most remarkable emergency landings of all time. The A300, a DHL cargo flight, had totally lost all three of its hydraulic systems within a minute of the missile strike at 8,000 feet on climb out, which meant that its ailerons, spoilers, elevators, rudder and flaps were immovable. It was also rapidly leaking fuel and on fire, a blaze that, it has been estimated, would have burned through the left wing’s main spar had the flight lasted just eight minutes longer. After their Airbus A300 was hit by a missile near Baghdad, a DHL crew landed by using thrust vectoring. (Department of Defense) Not long before the incident, Captain Eric Gennotte had attended a flight safety seminar where he heard a presentation by retired United pilot Al Haynes, who had suffered a similar total hydraulic failure in a DC-10 near Sioux City, Iowa. Haynes and his crew had figured out how to “thrust vector” to steer the airplane—power increased on one wing engine or the other for yaw control, power forward or back evenly on both to climb or descend—and it was a lesson that Gennotte filed away for future reference. Flight Engineer Mario Rofail played a huge part in the save as well, as did 1st Officer Steeve Michielsen. Fuel had flooded out of the big left outboard wing tank, and the left inboard tank was leaking rapidly. Rofail had to quickly and correctly crossfeed fuel from the right wing in a manner that wouldn’t add to the leakage but would feed the left engine; had that engine stopped even briefly, the sudden asymmetric thrust would have doomed the airplane. As soon as the flight controls failed, the ’Bus began porpoising and rolling as much as 30 degrees left and right. Rofail immediately dropped the landing gear, which helped slow and stabilize the airplane. It took only 10 minutes or so for the pilots to work out their thrust-vectoring skills, and they initiated an approach back to Baghdad. In fact they had become good enough at controlling the airplane that when the approach went bad, they were able to climb away and line up with a different runway. This time they touched down successfully, though the airplane rolled off the runway into the dirt bordering it. When the A300 had stopped and the crew evacuated the cockpit, they began to run from the scene, but crash crews stopped them. They were in the middle of an uncleared minefield. On One Wing and a Prayer On May 1, 1983, over the Negev Desert, Israeli Air Force pilot Zivi Nedivi was practicing air combat maneuvering with his big twin-engine F-15D Eagle, dogfighting a tricky A-4 Skyhawk that was playing the aggressor role. Unfortunately, the Skyhawk went inverted as Nedivi was descending through its altitude, and neither pilot could see the other. The ensuing collision tore off the F-15’s entire right wing—not just a piece of it but the complete wing from the root outward. (The A-4 was a fireball, but its pilot ejected successfully.) The F-15 immediately went nose-down and spun, and Nedivi told his back-seat instructor to prepare to eject. Fortunately, Nedivi instinctively did the one thing that might save the airplane: He pushed the power levers through the afterburner gate, and the speed stabilized the half-an-airplane enough that he could actually control it. The instructor urged ejection anyway, but Nedivi, who outranked him, refused; he thought he could land the airplane. “I probably would have ejected if I knew what actually had happened,” he later admitted, but a huge spray of fuel pouring out of the right wing root totally obscured where the wing would have been, and neither Nedivi nor his wingman could see that it was no longer there. Nedivi flew the F-15 for some 10 minutes, back to the nearest IAF desert base, and there found that he needed to keep the approach speed at nearly 260 knots—fully twice the airplane’s normal landing speed—to forestall an uncontrollable roll. The F-15 touched down wings-level—make that wing-level—but was traveling so fast that when its emergency tailhook snagged a snubbing cable a third of a way down the runway, the hook simply tore off the fighter. Nedivi braked to a stop about 20 feet from the end of the 11,000-foot runway and turned in his seat to shake the instructor’s hand. It was the first time he could see that the right wing was gone. (Click here to see a video about the landing on YouTube.) Nedivi reportedly was demoted for disobeying his instructor’s order to eject and immediately thereafter promoted for saving his airplane—which two months later was repaired and flying again. Zivi Nedivi landed his F-15D after a midair collision without realizing that his right wing was completely gone. (IAF) “Fill Her Up” On an early spring Saturday in 1975, professional aerobatic and movie pilot J.W. “Corkey” Fornof was flying a Bede BD-5J, a tiny, single-seat microjet, to a NASA gathering of space shuttle subcontractors in Washington, D.C., where the airplane was to be displayed. Level at 11,500 feet over North Carolina, Fornof suddenly lost all oil pressure on the watermelon-size French TRS-18 turbojet that powered the airplane. He shut down the engine and glided toward the solid cloud layer below him—a spunky move, since he couldn’t be sure what was below it. Fortunately, Fornof broke out of the undercast about 800 feet above a thick pine forest, saw Interstate 95 several miles to the west and was able to line up with the highway for a landing. He skimmed over a Mayflower moving van and briefly considered landing atop it, since traffic was heavy, “but I had a Road Runner cartoon vision of coming to an overpass and figured that wasn’t a good idea,” he recalled. Fornof still had plenty of speed, and he remembers gliding past a Cadillac—“they waved at me”—and coming up behind a pickup towing a boat. “I came up abeam the driver and motioned that I wanted to slide in ahead of them, and the guy simply slowed down and motioned me past. I don’t know what he was smokin’, but he was cool as could be.” Fornof touched down gently, crested a hill and rolled down the other side to an off-ramp. At the bottom of the exit was a mini-mall and a Sunoco gas station, so Fornof used the last of the Bede’s momentum to roll up to the pump island, activating the little rubber ding-ding hose in the process. The station attendant was leaning against the doorway, and, said Fornof, “We stared at each other a good 15 seconds, and he spit out his chaw and said, ‘Is this Candid Camera?’” Corkey flew a BD-5J in the James Bond film Octopussy, in which his most spectacular stunt was flying the microjet through a hangar—in one door and out the other end—but the highway landing experience was also worked into the plot: Bond (Roger Moore) runs out of fuel in the Bede, lands on a rural two-lane and rolls into a gas station, where he tells the slack-jawed attendant to “Fill her up, please.” Wing-Walkers Canadian 2nd Lt. Alan McLeod was just 18 years old when he was awarded the Victoria Cross during World War I for a heroic crash-landing that he performed while standing on the wing of his Armstrong Whitworth F.K.8 single-engine bomber. Licked by flames from its burning gas tank, wounded five times by attacking Fokker Dr.I triplanes, he maneuvered the F.K.8 so the fire streamed clear of his also-wounded rear gunner. He managed to crash-land the airplane near enough to British lines that he was able to crawl to safety, dragging his gunner along with him. McLeod had tried to join the military when he was 14 and was finally accepted at 17. He soloed in five days and earned his wings in less than two months. During his brief time in combat, he shot down one German observation balloon and had several dogfights with German fighters—quite an accomplishment in a bomber/recon­naissance plane. On March 27, 1918, McLeod and his observer, Lieutenant A.W. Hammond, were about to bomb a German artillery battery when they were attacked by a Fokker Dr.I that Hammond, with the help of McLeod’s maneuvering, subsequently shot down, only to be attacked by seven more triplanes. Hammond downed two more before a bullet pierced his fuel tank, setting the big plane ablaze. McLeod’s VC citation claims that he “climbed out onto the left bottom [wing], and by sideslipping steeply kept the flames to one side, thus enabling the observer to continue firing until the ground was reached.” And so the legend has come down to us, though pilots who hear it realize that a sideslip is impossible without the use of the rudder controls, which McLeod couldn’t have reached from his position on the wing. Perhaps McLeod cross-controlled the bomber into a slip while he was still in the cockpit. Then, when he climbed onto the wing, the stiff, primitive controls might have held the right-rudder deflection. Whatever the case, the young Canadian flew the airplane from outside the cockpit so competently that both he and Hammond survived the controlled crash. Nor is this the only case of a perambulating World War I pilot. During a wild dogfight on September 5, 1918, New Zealander Keith Caldwell found himself with a barely controllable S.E.5a after a midair collision with one of his RAF squadron mates. As he neared the ground, Caldwell climbed out of the cockpit onto the left wing, held a cabane strut with his left hand and worked the control column with his right, hoping to jump off just before the airplane crashed. Skimming over the British trenches, he leapt clear, made a few somersaults on the ground and ended up in a trench, where he politely asked to use the telephone. Caldwell survived the conflict and indeed remained with the RNZAF through World War II. Frequent contributor Stephan Wilkinson’s sole “emergency” landing in 3,000-plus hours in the pilot’s seat was soon after a night takeoff from Westchester County en route to Kennedy Airport in a Cessna 310 twin. Noting oil streaming from one of the nacelles (the result of an improperly secured oil cap), he requested a straight-in approach at JFK, only to be told, “Ah, wouldn’t it be better to go back to White Plains, which I show just four miles behind you?” “Duh,” comments Wilkinson, “I was about to fly across Long Island Sound with a failing engine.” The return and landing were uneventful, but he notes, “I know well that I would be a terrible pilot in an emergency. I tend to get tunnel-vision and go to a state of immediate stupidity.” Related Stories Dragon Lady Down The Legendary Lockheed Constellation Commemorative Air Force Kingcobras Semper Fi in the Sky Letter from Aviation History: The Truth is Out There Build a Hawaiian Air Depot B-17E Also featuring facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print SUBSCRIPTIONS American History America's Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History MHQ Vietnam Wild West World War II SECTIONS Today in History Daily Quiz Interviews Personalities Reviews Ask Mr. History Videos Galleries TOPICS Civil War Black History Women's History Vietnam War American History Vietnam John F. Kennedy Art Military History Historical Figures ABOUT US Contact Us Write for HistoryNet Work For HistoryNet What is HistoryNet.com? Advertising Inquries Heritage Travel Directory Privacy Policy HistoryNet.com is brought to you by World History Group, the world's largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 5,000 articles originally published in our various magazines. © 2016 HistoryNet
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Dreamliner opening skies to increased YVR traffic  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Business in Vancouver Business in Vancouver Dreamliner opening skies to increased traffic Advanced plane technology makes more Vancouver long-haul routes viable PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 08 November, 2016, 3:32pm UPDATED : Tuesday, 08 November, 2016, 3:33pm Comments:   Business in Vancouver Share PrintEmail Related topics Business in Vancouver Related Articles United States & Canada Inside Vancouver city hall’s Chinese flag flap 8 Nov 2016 United States & Canada B.C. whisky sector starts to mature 4 Nov 2016 United States & Canada B.C. trade minister stuck in China with broken hip 4 Nov 2016 By Glen Korstrom Fuel-efficient and compact Boeing Dreamliner aircraft are enticing airlines to launch new routes between Vancouver International Airport (YVR) and cities around the world that would not have been seen as viable were it not for the new aircraft. The new routes heighten YVR’s status as a hub airport while increasing traffic and making it easier for the Vancouver Airport Authority (VAA) to reach its goal of serving 25 million passengers by 2020. New non-stop Air Canada flights to Brisbane, Australia, and to Delhi, India, from Vancouver, for example, would not have been viable without Dreamliner aircraft, Air Canada’s president of passenger airlines, Ben Smith, told Business in Vancouver. “[Dreamliner aircraft] are the right size for this market, the right fuel efficiency, and you can see we’ve got the right seat configuration for this market,” Smith said. “We’ve never had that before at our disposal.” Not only do Dreamliner aircraft have more efficient engines that burn less fuel, they are also able to fly faster and higher than previous Boeing planes, such as the Boeing 777. Air Canada still uses 777s to fly long-haul routes between Vancouver and Sydney, Australia – a route that has sufficient demand for the larger plane. Dreamliner aircraft also cost less to maintain and have sturdier frames. That combination enables the airline to pressurize cabins to allow more humidity, thereby adding value by helping passengers avoid jet lag. Air Canada owns two kinds of Dreamliner aircraft. Its 29 Dreamliner 787-900 planes each seat 298 people, including 30 in business class and 21 in premium economy class – a configuration deemed ideal for Delhi flights.  Its eight Dreamliner 787-800 planes are smaller and seat 251 people, including 20 passengers in business class and 21 in premium economy class – a configuration ideal for Brisbane flights, said Smith. Air Canada is considering launching other routes out of Vancouver to “Asia and the South Pacific” that are newly deemed to be viable because of Dreamliner aircraft, Smith added. He would not be more specific because he said he did not want to tip off the airline’s competitors. Chinese airlines, which compete with Air Canada, have launched routes between Vancouver and medium-sized Chinese cities that may not have been deemed viable were it not for Dreamliner aircraft. Xiamen Airlines, for example, launched non-stop flights on Dreamliner aircraft to Vancouver from the secondary city of Xiamen, China, which has a population of just over two million people, in July. No one from Xiamen Airlines was available to comment on whether those flights would have gone ahead were it not for the Dreamliner planes. VAA CEO Craig Richmond suggested that a future Air Canada route out of YVR on Dreamliner aircraft could be to Mumbai, which is India’s financial centre. That route could be in the cards given that the airline already plans to launch non-stop flights between Toronto and Mumbai, on Dreamliner planes, starting in July 2017. “Mumbai is a logical route for us,” Richmond said. “We’re actually starting to see some cities that so far have not been on our list [of potential new routes] become viable, like Barcelona. That’s a real opportunity.” Smith stressed that any new long-haul route out of Vancouver would require demand from business travellers. That rules out new non-stop flights to faraway vacation destinations, such as Bali, Indonesia. “Bali is very far for a predominantly leisure route,” he said. “These types of routes, because you’re carrying the fuel so much further, if there’s no business component, it’s pretty hard to make the route viable.” Business-class travellers tend to pay at least several times the price of the average economy fare and are more likely to see the value of a non-stop flight to a destination than would a family of four going on a vacation and sitting in the economy section, explained Smith. Families, he explained, are more likely to see the value of knocking a couple of hundred dollars, or more, off the price of each economy ticket by flying on a one-stop route. The only announced future route on a Dreamliner aircraft out of YVR is Air Canada’s plan to launch daily non-stop flights between Vancouver and Taipei in June 2017, pending government approval. Eva Air and China Airlines already offer daily non-stop flights between Vancouver and Taipei but do not use Dreamliner aircraft.      Most Popular Viewed 1 Two Hong Kong localists down, and two more at risk after Beijing ruling 2 WikiLeaks' Assange vows to release ‘significant’ documents before US election 3 He famously called two US presidential elections, but Nate Silver blew it with Trump 4 Hong Kong will move on controversial security law, CY Leung says, as Beijing bars independence activists from Legco 5 China’s top body lays down law on Hong Kong oath-taking Shared 1 ‘There’s nothing to be ashamed of’: why Chinese Americans are taking to the streets to back Trump 2 Hong Kong will move on controversial security law, CY Leung says, as Beijing bars independence activists from Legco 3 Two Hong Kong localists down, and two more at risk after Beijing ruling 4 He famously called two US presidential elections, but Nate Silver blew it with Trump 5 WikiLeaks' Assange vows to release ‘significant’ documents before US election Commented 1 Two Hong Kong localists down, and two more at risk after Beijing ruling 2 Hong Kong localist lawmakers remain defiant over Beijing Basic Law ruling 3 China’s top body lays down law on Hong Kong oath-taking 4 Hong Kong Chief Executive revisits controversial security law in wake of Beijing interpretation 5 2,000 Hong Kong police ready round the clock as protests over Beijing’s ruling on Basic Law loom Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China China's arms industry showcases latest weapons at Zhuhai air show Nov 6th 2016, 8:04pm Out on the town: experiencing Macau is far from a gamble In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Forging a better future: By the people, for the people Presented by: Credit Suisse Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 8 Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 19 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Nov 5th 2016, 12:54pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 7 Nov 2016 - 7:11pm 3 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Derry Journal Search More Close ] News Politics Transport Crime Education Business Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs NI UK News Transport Crime Education Business Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs NI UK Sport Football Derry GAA Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Our Region Derry Inishowen Roe Valley US ELECTION: Meet the Derry people voting for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Ex-pats who will be voting in the US Election, clockwise from top left, Laura Leath, Barbara Hughes and her son Michael, Martin Nelis and Pauline Curran and husband. Andrew Quinn Email 20:42 21:50 Tuesday 08 November 2016 0 Have your say Hundreds of people originally from Derry will cast their vote in the US Presidential Election on Tuesday. This election has been described as one of the most gripping of modern times and although they might be relatively small in numbers, Derry people will have their say. We spoke to several people originally from Derry but who are now living in the USA. All of the people interviewed told us who they are voting for and why. PAULINE CURRAN, SAN FRANCISCO “I grew up in the Bogside and I am from a big family of eight. “My mum was widow at a young age and raised eight children on her own. I left home when I was 19 to get away from the Troubles and came to America while I was back packing around the world. “While I was in America they had a lottery for Irish for green cards,I applied and was lucky enough to have been chosen in the lottery - that was 27 years ago. “I live in San Francisco and I own my own business called ‘Shear Irish Hair Salon’. I married a guy from here and I love it here but wish I didn’t live so far away from family and Ireland. “I’m voting for Hillary Clinton because at least with Hillary we know what we are getting. Donald Trump seems to be a bully and treats women awful - also he keeps saying he is going to make America great again but doesn’t back it up with any plans on how he will do that. Trump scares me as he seems like a time bomb, also he seems like he doesn’t like emigrants which is what America is founded on. Pauline Curran pictured with her husband. “I talk to a lot of people in my shop on a daily business and most people I talked to are unhappy we don’t have better candidates to chose from. “Most people I talk to think it is a joke Donald Trump has made it this far, which make it scary for sane people.” STEPHEN BARBER, ARIZONA “I moved to the USA from the Waterside in Derry more than 20 years ago - I came here for the work. Barbara Hughes and her son Michael. “I have worked in construction all of my life and I have seen, first hand, how illegal immigration can impact on people who are here legally. “A lot of the Mexican workers who come over the border manage to get work because they are prepared to do the job for much less pay. “I have nothing against Mexicans - I just want to see someone get tough on illegal immigration and that’s why I will be voting for Donald Trump on Tuesday.” BARBARA HUGHES, SEATTLE “I grew up on Lawrence Hill in Derry - I left Derry in 1989 for England. “I arrived in Seattle in November 2004, the day before George W. Bush got elected for the second time, or didn’t get elected, depending on your view of events. Laura Leath. “My husband accepted a job with Boeing, and with our one year-old son we moved from Italy to the USA. We intended to stay for a year and 12 years later, we are still here. We received green cards in 2006, and when they were up for renewal this year, we decided it was time to apply for citizenship. “My inspiration for applying was sparked by a local issue - my inability to vote on a recent school bond. Our neighbourhood school was overcrowded and in disrepair, and my community proposed a tax levy to build a new facility. Frustratingly, nearly 18% of parents with children in our school district could not vote for the initiative because, like our family, they are here on H1B visas to work at Boeing, Google or Microsoft. We live here, pay taxes here, our kids are educated here and we rely on the health service and social infrastructure here. My husband and I decided that our family needs to have a voice in the decisions being made. “The fact that this is a presidential election year made applying for citizenship an even easier choice. “I am a Democrat. I have always been slightly left of centre, I believe in social and economic equality for all. I do not believe religion has a place in politics and as Whitney put it, I believe children are our future. Great education and health care are the foundation to a successful society. I believe we need to have more rigorous gun control in this country and that Global Warming needs to be addressed. I believe that we need Immigration reform and Tax loopholes need to be closed, so that huge corporations pay their share. “When I heard the news that Trump was the Republican nominee, I was incredulous. It must be some kind of reality show, a joke – to somehow make a point? This caricature of a man, with his childish outbursts, fake tan and confusing hair? Really? He is inexperienced, inarticulate, sexist, racist, short-tempered, a tax-evading inciter of violence and hatred. The image of him mocking the journalist with the congenital hand defect? That, alone, should have disqualified him from the running. The audio of him bragging about grabbing and kissing women? His repeated insults to women, immigrants, Mexicans, veterans... the list is endless. It seemed for a while there, that every morning I would wake up, read about his latest appalling act or speech, and the country’s level of acceptance would sink even lower. “I watched two of the debates at home with my sons. At 13 and nine, my boys are held to a higher expectation of behaviour than Trump was. His constant interruptions, his “nasty women” interjection, the inability to formulate a coherent sentence. It was horrifying. I work hard to instil strong values in my children. I have brought them up to be honest, I expect them to be respectful and compassionate. Watching the debates with them, I was struck that here was a candidate, vying to be President of America, potential leader of the Free World, demonstrating all the qualities I abhor in society today. Dishonesty, disrespect, a racist bully. What message was this giving my children? That this behaviour is acceptable? To be applauded? “Hillary is a Progressive. She has over thirty years’ experience, working in Public Service. She has a proven track record. She has been Secretary of State, a US Senator and the First Lady. She is a lifelong advocate for women and families. She is an advocate for Planned Parenthood, she is for Marriage Equality and she believes in Climate Change and has plans to address it. She will take on the Gun Lobby and fight for common sense reforms such as comprehensive background checks and closing loopholes. She will address the tax laws that allow huge corporations to pay less tax than the middle class taxpayers. She is passionate about education and will address the crippling student debt issues that face graduates. “Hillary has held her head high throughout the campaign and has never sunk to Trump’s level. She is inspirational and unstoppable. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is a wife, mother and grandmother. She is invested in the future of this country and this planet. She has faced everything that has been thrown at her, with patience, resilience and grace. She is more than qualified to be President. This quote sums up her philosophy - ‘because we should do all the good we can, for all the people we can, for as long as we can.’ “I could end by saying I am #withher as a feminist, or because I want my sons to see that women can do whatever they put their mind to, or because she is so much better than the other option. But in all honesty I am #withher because she is an inspiration, she is immensely qualified to lead this country and to vote for any other option would be a disservice to the country and to the democracy that we are privileged to enjoy. She is not the better choice, she is the only choice.” LAURA LEATH, CALIFORNIA “I grew up in Kilfennan and went to Oakgrove Primary and Secondary. I live and work in Bakersfield, California, about 100 miles north of L.A. I am a Public Defender, which means I represent people who are charged with crimes and who can’t afford to retain an attorney. “I work with some of the most vulnerable people in society – people who are homeless, people who have mental health problems, people who have issues with addiction - and I see the effect that national and local political decisions have on their lives and on the lives of their children. I will be proudly voting for Hillary on Tuesday. “Donald Trump is not just the worst presidential candidate of the 2016 election, he is the worst presidential candidate of my lifetime. He insults women, people with disabilities, LGBT people, immigrants, Muslims, basically anyone who isn’t a straight white male. He’s an immoral bully. He talks openly about his admiration for dictators, boasts about short changing small businesses, encourages espionage against opponents, incites public violence and is still talking about building that stupid wall. “I’m not just voting for Hillary because I’m scared of the horror show that would be a Trump Presidency. I’m voting for her because as Barack Obama correctly stated: there has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America. “I want a president who’s spent her life in public service, who does her homework, who’s been battling for everyone’s right to health care since I was in primary school, who isn’t afraid to support women’s autonomy over their own bodies, and who supports equality – race, gender and sexuality. I want a president who has read, understands and respects the constitution. “Hillary is committed to public service and committed to making life better for all American citizens. Her policies will make America a better place – for me and the people I represent.” MARTIN NELIS, SAN FRANCISCO “My family used to live in Westland Avenue in the Bogside and all of them are still living in Derry or surrounding area, except me, of course. My mother is Mary Nelis who is quite well known in Derry. I’ve been in the San Francisco Bay Area region of California for the most part since 1990 when I married an American. I have three children aged 22, 19 and 17 (Aidan, Fiona and Deirdre respectively). “I live and work in a city called Pleasant Hill, population 34,000, which is a suburb in the East Bay of San Francisco. I am the Public Information Officer for the City of Pleasant Hill. “The election - where do you start? I have already voted for Hillary Clinton as an absentee (mail in) voter, as many people do here. In the primary elections, I was a strong supporter of Bernie Sanders whose views and policies I most closely identify with. “There is a clear choice in this election. Trump represents the politics of hate, fear and division. His actions and statements are that of a fascist, albeit a dumbed down one, and there many other adjectives you could use to describe him. “While I have strong reservations about Clinton’s foreign policies, specifically her pandering to Israel and propensity to support the bloated military budget, there is no other real choice in this election. US voters need to reject Trump loudly and clearly and Clinton needs a mandate of sorts in order to fend off anticipated republican obstructionism should she be elected. “The US Supreme Court wields enormous power and its decisions affect the daily lives of millions of Americans. If, for no other reason than to have the right nominations to this body, the choice for President is critical. It doesn’t bear thinking about the consequences of a Trump victory - many of us are literally petrified of the thought of it. “The sad part of this election is that it has revealed the ignorance and racism of a large section of the American public, the vast majority of whom will be voting for Trump. The US Republican party has created a monster and it’s out of control. I have no idea what is going to happen after this election but hopefully sane heads will prevail. We shall see.” Martin Nelis. US ELECTION - Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Derry Journal means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Derry Journal You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Derry Journal Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Derry City FC Sport Lifestyle What's On Our Region More from Derry Journal Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Sponsor Highlight: The Boeing Company The Boeing Company is starting its second century by sponsoring one of the main attractions of the 33rd Space Symposium, the dynamic Boeing Exhibit Center and Boeing Exhibit Center Pavilion, featuring the latest in space technology, products and services from around the globe. The Boeing Exhibit Center and Boeing Exhibit Center Pavilion will officially open on Monday, April 3, following the 33rd Space Symposium Opening Ceremony. The 33rd Space Symposium will be held April 3-6, 2017, at The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, Colo., attracting thousands of space professionals from around the world. Boeing is the world’s largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. A top U.S. exporter, the company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. Learn more by visiting www.boeing.com satprnews.com Author karolPosted on November 8, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: OMNOVA Solutions Inc. annonce la succession de son PDG Next Next post: Mineral Mountain's Database for the Standby Mine Property and Its Cochrane South Trend Confirm Multi-Million Ounce Potential for Ledge-Type Gold Mineralization Search for: Search Recent Posts BRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to 2024 West Hartford Chiropractic Sponsors Copper Beech Institute's Annual Harvest Celebration Jobjet Releases "Freemium" Package of Its Powerful Recruitment Software Degenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Proptech From Surga Central Streamlines Commercial Property Viewings Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Wednesday, 16th November 2016 Twitter Facebook RSS Home Top Stories Local News Business Sport Entertainment Opinion & Analysis International News Gallery Advertise Subscribe Ruvheneko tenders resignation letter. . . says ZiFM romance had long died EDITORIAL COMMENT: Looters of war vets fund should be brought to book Air Zim in $1.7m rescue dilemma. . . Partnership deals in limbo November 8, 2016 Mayibongwe Madlela Business Oliver Kazunga, Senior Business Reporter NEGOTIATIONS with three of the 12 potential partners that the Government had identified to revive Air Zimbabwe have not yielded the desired results, a Cabinet Minister has said. The ailing national airline has a huge debt overhang amounting to about $300 million, which the Government pledged to takeover once a strategic partner had been identified. Transport and Infrastructural Development Minister Dr Joram Gumbo told Business Chronicle on the sidelines of the just ended Parliamentary 2017 pre-national budget seminar in Bulawayo that the Government was still searching for a potential partner to get the best deal. “We have made an announcement that the Government is looking for a strategic partner for Air Zimbabwe. The process is going on and we have not found one. And when looking for a partner, you do not just pick somebody because they are beautiful. But you have to consider what am I partnering, what is it that they will offer me and what is it that I am going to offer,” he said. Dr Gumbo said the Government through his ministry has approached airlines in Singapore, Malaysia and Ethiopia. Asked why the process to secure a strategic partner was seemingly taking too long, he said: “Because we are not agreeing on terms. We are negotiating with whoever, you cannot just go and say I want a partner. Somebody will say for example, I want to look at your books, routes and the equipment that you have got and so forth. “So, we are still negotiating and there is no timetable in concluding the discussions. And if there was no hope for securing a partner, I would not be discussing and I must continue until I am exhausted.” He said a number of airlines on the continent and internationally were not performing well. Among the 12 partners that the Government has identified as potential suitors for Air Zimbabwe are Angolan Airlines, Boeing, Emirates and Airbus. Airbus is a division of France-based multinational Airbus Group SE that manufactures civil aircraft while Boeing is an American corporation that designs, manufactures and sells aeroplanes, rotorcraft and rockets across the globe. It also provides leasing and product support services. Meanwhile, Air Zimbabwe needs about $1.7 million to pay for the servicing of its two A320 airbuses that were taken to South Africa for maintenance in 2014. The two airbuses were taken to South Africa for C-Checks, a comprehensive overhaul done on an aircraft after a certain amount of time or usage. One of the two airbuses that was paid for is plying the Harare – Dar es Salaam route, which the flag carrier launched in June this year. Dr Gumbo said at the moment the Government was financially hamstrung to pay for airbus’ C-checks. The struggling airline’s current fleet includes Boeing 737-200 (Advanced), Boeing 767-200 ER and Airbus A320-200. “At the moment, we are failing to pay for the C-Checks that were done on that airbus. We do not have the money to pay for it,” he said in an interview. Speaking by telephone from Harare yesterday, the chairman of the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Transport and Infrastructural Development, Mr Dexter Nduna, who is also Chegutu West legislator, said servicing of the airbus in South Africa had been completed. “Servicing of Air Zimbabwe’s airbus that is still in South Africa has been done. For as long as we do not pay for the servicing, the airbus will remain grounded there (South Africa),” he said. Air Zimbabwe is faced with operational challenges from a number of factors that include high operational costs, low load factors and a huge debt overhang. According to the Portfolio Committee’s report presented in Parliament recently, Air Zimbabwe was losing $3 million a month and is technically insolvent. The report indicates that the airline was generating an estimated revenue of $2,65 million a month against an operational expenditure of $5,94 million. The Government has also announced plans to takeover Air Zimbabwe’s debt once a strategic partner is found. @okazunga Tweet Pin It Related Posts Blanket Mine Q3 gold output up 23pc... November 16, 2016 PPC commissions $85 million plant... November 16, 2016 Irrigated tobacco harvesting to start mo... November 16, 2016 just I had hope that the new team would bring a change. Now all we hear in the papers is problems and problems as if these problems were not known. What the airline needs are solutions. At this particular stage we should be hearing of solutions to the problems that we already know. I think this is why the new team was brought in to offer solutions. The partnership story has taken 3-4years and surely we are still hoping for a partner. I think a message has been sent by the investors. The solutions should come from within. Popular Posts 1 Lifting of IMF sanctions on Zimbabwe expected to open financial doors 16.11.2016 2496 hits 2 Jo’burg floods: Pregnant Byo woman killed 16.11.2016 86 hits 3 ‘Ammara’ in sex tape hoax 16.11.2016 74 hits 4 Sibanda, Ncube barred over match-fixing allegations 16.11.2016 66 hits 5 Crisis at Bosso. . . Zifa suspend Dube, Gumede 16.11.2016 55 hits Sponsored Links Airtime Accommodation Auto Parts Broadband Cars Classifieds Cell Phones Electronics Email Hosting Prepaid Electricity For Sale Home, Office Jobs Property Services Web Design Web Hosting Domain Registration Online Payments Pay TelOne ADSL Recent Comments NORMAN DOSTAL Your values were given to you by the white man (i... 33 mins ago #TeamMugabe #TeamBob #TeamAmai Such nicodemous language from these fake war vete... 34 mins ago Roscoe Little wonder they say......'sathane weRoma' 2 hours ago Roscoe Little wonder they say......'sathane weRoma' 2 hours ago nash Corruption chete chete just like zim police 3 hours ago Gallery Cartoons Chronicle Bloggers Zim Asset: Download Document Factmore Dzobo Features Analysis Gibson Mhaka Features Limukani Ncube Off the ball Lovemore Dube Off the ball Lungile Tshuma Features Saul Gwakuba Ndlovu Opinion Stephen Mpofu Perspective Zimpapers Links About Zimpapers Subscribe Advertise Featured Videos About Us Contact Us Contact Details THE EDITOR Phone: 263 9 888871-9 Email: Contact Us 9th AV , Bulawayo, Zimbabwe  P.O. Box 585 Bulawayo Zimpapers Sites Herald Sunday Mail Kwayedza Manicapost BH24 Sunday News Star FM ©2013 The Chronicle. Site and hosting by webdevTerms and Conditions Copy Protected by Chetans WP-Copyprotect.
skip - Visual Website Optimizer Asynchronous Code Iran secures financing for Airbus jet order enabled by the Iran nuclear deal - Iran -  Haaretz skip - optimizely- HDC skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - תגיות codefuel skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Wednesday, November 16, 2016. Cheshvan 15, 5777 Time in Israel: 2:32 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion World News Middle East News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish World All sections Israel News Culture Business Science Sports Videos Travel in Israel Middle East News World News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish Holidays Food Archaeology Books Opinion London Conference E-paper Shabbat Times Weather Israel Real Estate ESSENCE Edition française Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Middle East News   >   Iran Iran Secures Financing for Airbus Jet Order Enabled by the Iran Nuclear Deal The airplane deals represent a big economic prize for Western companies and also help the Iranian supporters of a more open relationship with the West after years of near isolation. Reuters Nov 07, 2016 4:10 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon In this photo released by official website of the office of the Iranian Presidency, President Hassan Rohani speaks to a crowd during a visit to the central city of Arak, Iran, Sunday, Oct. 23, 2016.Iranian Presidency Office via AP Opinion On Israel, Trump pledges high and gives nothing Only Hillary Clinton truly understands what being 'pro-Israel' means Opinion American, Jewish and damn proud to be #WithHer Iran has reached a deal with a foreign leasing company to finance the first 17 jets it plans to buy from Airbus, breaking a logjam in efforts to import aircraft following the lifting of sanctions, people familiar with the move said. The deal removes a significant hurdle to securing the first tranche of jets, following uncertainty over financing and political opposition in the United States and Iran, though the sources caution months of talking have thrown up new potential hurdles. Iranian officials declined to name the lessor involved, but industry sources said in September that Iran was in advanced talks with the United Arab Emirates' Dubai Aerospace about helping to finance the purchase. "We have a deal to finance the first 17 aircraft," a senior Iranian official told Reuters, without elaborating. Dubai Aerospace and Airbus both declined to comment. Under the deal, the leasing company would take over part of Iran's order for dozens of new jetliners and then lease them to the country's flag carrier. A similar mechanism could be used to finance a provisional order for 20 turboprops from ATR, which is half-owned by Airbus, one of the people said. ATR had no immediate comment. Tehran provisionally ordered more than 100 jets each from Airbus and Boeing this year after a deal with major powers to lift most sanctions on Iran in exchange for curbs on nuclear activities. Completing the rest of the Airbus deal depends on receiving U.S. export licenses because of the number of U.S. components in the aircraft. So far Airbus has U.S. licenses for 17 jets. Airbus will unusually be paid in euros, avoiding dollars typically used by the aircraft industry. The U.S. financial system remains closed to Iran under core sanctions dating back to the Islamic Republic's 1979 revolution. Talks are expected to resume soon between Iran and Boeing to finalize the U.S. company's deal to sell or lease more than 100 jets: a transaction that could also involve third parties. A Middle East spokesman for Boeing, Fakher Daghestani, said it had been allowed by the U.S. government to talk to approved Iranian airlines and that any final agreements would need further U.S. approval. EYES ON ELECTIONS The airplane deals represent a big economic prize for Western companies and also help the Iranian supporters of a more open relationship with the West after years of near isolation. But negotiations have been held up by the reluctance of many Western banks to provide finance, fearing a regulatory backlash if there is a new setback in relations. In particular they are concerned that the outcome of Tuesday's U.S. presidential election could lead to a new set of sanctions. Republican candidate Donald Trump and conservatives in Congress have heavily criticized the nuclear deal. Sources say the government of President Hassan Rouhani is keen to finalize contracts before the end of Iran's fiscal year in March, boosting chances of securing the first high-profile delivery in time for Iran's own presidential elections in May. "We have deadlines to meet," the Iranian official said. Rouhani, who is seen in Iran as a pragmatist, has been harshly criticized by hardline rivals over the deals aimed at renewing Iran's aging air fleet. "Rouhani wants to secure his second-term election ... Planes are not top of the list of what the country needs," said a hardline lawmaker, who asked not to be identified. A second senior Iranian government official said at least 20 Western airplanes would be added to Iran's fleet by March 2017, followed by another 25 over the following four months. "Our main priority is our nation's safety," the official said in reference to Iran's old fleet and patchy safety record. "That's why the government is purchasing new planes." Iran agreed in January to buy 118 Airbus jets, including 12 A380s, the world's largest jetliner. The A380 part of the deal has already been thrown into doubt after Tehran conservatives objected that most Iranians would not benefit from the long-distance jet. The A380s are only options, one Iranian official said. Around six smaller jets that were originally meant to be delivered this year have also been discarded due to the delays in receiving U.S. approvals, meaning the Airbus order - if completed - would involve no more than 100 jets, the sources said. Reuters Reuters Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send Close Email * Please enter your email Reuters For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close NEW! Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Security & Aviation Israeli Minister Exposes Secret 'Life-threatening Security Affair'; Immediately Gagged What Can Russia's Kuznetsov Carrier Do in the Mediterranean? Russia Just Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast IDF's Most Iconic Tale of Heroism - Debunked Most Viewed Now Trump Effect Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews Israeli Café Tells Employees to Stop Speaking Arabic at Work Bannon Pick - The Stuff of Which Jewish Nightmares Are Made Promoted content Day After Putin-Trump Phone Call, Russia Launches Major Syria Offensive From Aircraft Carrier By The Associated Press8 hours ago This article contains a video Israel's Drone Gift to Medvedev Could Lead to Trouble With U.S. - and Russia By Ora Coren11 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Russian Fighter Jet Crashes Off Aircraft Carrier Near Syria By Reuters12 hours ago This article contains a video President Trump Has Shattered Jews' American Idyll By Chemi Shalev (Washington)yesterday 13 comments 13 El Al Cancels Flights as Pilots Earning $20K per Month Protest Working Conditions By Yoram Gabison17 hours ago 1 comments 1 To the Trump Voter Who Just Told Me to Leave the U.S. By Bradley Burstonyesterday This is a primium article 1 comments 1 skip - Subscribe element Get our top stories directly to your inbox, every day. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Today's Most Read Trump Effect: Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Analysis Steve Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews Meet the Kushners: The Feuding Real Estate Dynasty That Links Donald Trump and Chris Christie A Closer Look at Trump's Jewish Inner Circle Trump Adviser Steve Bannon to Attend ZOA Gala Israel's Drone Gift to Medvedev Could Lead to Trouble With U.S. - and Russia skip - ICYMI Scroll back Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Greatest Victory for anti-Semitism in America Since 1941 Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews The Extraordinary Israeli Story Behind 'Lover, Lover, Lover' How Trump Won, Scared the Jews and Saved Israel What Can Russia's Old Smoky Carrier Do in the Med? I Still Love America. But, After Trump's Victory, I Don’t Trust It Israel Hit With a Wave of Tourists From Georgia Applying for Asylum Ultra-Orthodox Face Dark Facts About Holocaust Legends The 'Global Conspiracy' to Topple Netanyahu Thanks to Trump, We Can Understand How Hitler Was Possible A Former Spy Chief Is Calling on Israelis to Revolt Russia Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast Liberal Zionists, We Lost the Kids 'Can't Count on Men for Peace. We Have to Do It Ourselves' Ancient Jerusalem Wall Reveals Second Temple's Destruction Breathe, Less: Israeli Researchers Find Solution to Jet Lag As Prostitution Goes Online, the Internet Becomes New Pimp What Really Shocks Backpackers Visiting the Holy Land 'Major Nazi Treasure' Found on a Bench in Tel Aviv Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Israel Real Estate Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Mira Sucharov Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים למרקים ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip -
≡Menu   PRO - Portable Restroom Operator View the Latest Issue » Subscribe Now! or sign up for our newsletter Restrooms Trucks Special Events Supplies Tanks Pumps Business & Technology Education/Training Safety More » Magazine Manufacturers Classifieds WWETT Show Videos Equipment Directories Home Editorial Portable Restroom Operator Services Airshow Second Straight Year Portable Restroom Operator Services Airshow Second Straight Year By Betty Dageforde Cover Story November 2016 Appeared in print as "Flying In" Comment Order Reprints Share Deans Enterprises navigates around thousands of airplanes and spectators to service one of the largest airshows in the country. THE DEAN TEAM Dean Enterprises is a septic and portable restroom business operating out of a 3 1/2-acre facility in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. The company is owned by Richard and Peggy Dean, and managed by their four sons — general manager Tony, heavy equipment operator Tom, mechanic Brad and personnel manager Mike. It’s split up into three divisions — septic, route work and events. The AirVenture project was managed by their event division, Pit-Stop Event Services, but other than route drivers everyone in the company was involved, including five event technicians to handle portable restrooms, four septic drivers to pump holding tanks, office workers Bethany Warner and Alex Bloch to schedule RV pumping, and six part-timers to clean and stock restroom and shower trailers. Peggy served as lead for the project. They also appealed to family and friends. “We call in any favors we can get,” Tony Dean says. His grandfather Frank Hope helped. “And two of our farmer buddies took off for a week and worked.” Related: Riding Shotgun with Gretchen Menard - Episode 1 COMPANY HISTORY The company began as a septic business in 1995 when Richard bought out the contractor he had been working for. When a customer encouraged him to add portable restrooms, he bought six to give it a try. He slowly increased his inventory as further requests came in and by 1998 portable restrooms became a substantial part of the business when he picked up 600 units in an acquisition. After two more acquisitions and steady organic growth, the company’s inventory now stands at 6,000-plus units, 75 percent PolyJohn Enterprises PJN3s, the remainder Satellite Industries Tufways. They also have 18 Ameri‑Can restroom trailers (16-foot to 40-foot) and 15 Ameri‑Can shower trailers (six-stall to 22-stall). Their service territory covers a 90-mile radius. MAKING CONNECTIONS 2016 was the second year the company handled the AirVenture event, although they had helped the previous contractor on parts of it for a couple years. Changes at the previous contractor led to the Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) putting the project out to bid in 2015. There were a lot of bidders, Dean says, but he believes they won it because of their familiarity with it and because they were one of a very few companies who had the resources to handle all the liquid waste for the event. Related: Riding Shotgun with Gretchen Menard - Episode 2 THE MAIN EVENT Mass arrivals of aircraft began on July 23, 2016, for the 64th annual EAA AirVenture Oshkosh, an annual week-long recreational aviation event that brought in over 500,000 visitors from 80 countries, 10,000 aircraft of every vintage, 860 exhibitors, 950 media personnel and 4,000 volunteers. The Wittman Regional Airport control tower boasts a sign declaring it the busiest tower in the world during that week. The airport and surrounding area became something of a small town, complete with stores, shuttle service, a daily newspaper, and “neighborhoods” where each aircraft type had their own area. Aviators typically camped next to their planes, while other visitors stayed in on-site campgrounds and hotels. Events included day and night air shows, over 1,000 educational programs and workshops, a KidVenture zone, and concerts. Highlights in 2016 featured Desert Storm 25th and Pearl Harbor 75th commemorations, the Canadian Snowbirds, a World War I aviation celebration and Boeing’s 100th anniversary. Actor Harrison Ford flew a plane carrying the 2 millionth member of Young Eagles, a children’s education program. BY THE NUMBERS To supplement on-site facilities the company brought in 1,000 PolyJohn PJN3s (dark gray with bright lime-green corners and vents) and 75 Satellite wheelchair-accessible units, all with hand sanitizer. They ordered all-new units for this event, with shipments coming in throughout May and June. Four groups of 20 units were placed in high-traffic areas, the rest in small groups of four or less throughout the facility, mostly in the campgrounds. “We placed a restroom every 75 to 100 yards,” Dean says. “If you could throw a stone you could probably hit one.” Related: Riding Shotgun with Gretchen Menard - Episode 3 The company also provided 16 restroom trailers for vendor hospitality tents and high-traffic areas, 15 shower trailers in seven camper locations and 35 325-gallon Kentucky Tank holding tanks for numerous food courts and cooking facilities. LET’S ROLL At the end of May the company dropped off 100 units for volunteers. Then, using vacuum trucks and 20-unit transport trailers built by Emerich Manufacturing, they made a couple deliveries a week — usually on Wednesdays, their slowest day — with a big final push at the beginning of June. Then it took about a month to set everything in place. Holding tanks were brought in a few days before the event, as were shower and restroom trailers, which were transported using two 2012 Ford F‑450 duallys and a 2005 International Eagle semi tractor. Subscribe: If you don't want to bring your iPad into the bathroom, we can send you a magazine subscription for free! The company also set up an operations center adjacent to the venue. The crew gathered there in the morning to pick up daily job assignments and later cycled back to eat lunch and dinner catered by a local company. Communications to the team were done using BayComm two-way radios. With a massive effort at the end, everything was removed in four days. KEEPIN’ IT CLEAN Service was done with eight 2007-2014 Ford F-550s with 800-gallon waste/300-gallon freshwater tanks, one (aluminum) built out by Progress Tank, the others (stainless steel) by Best Industries; a 2005 Ford F‑750 with a 1,850-gallon waste/300-gallon freshwater steel tank; a 2006 Ford F‑750 with a 2,000-gallon waste/500-gallon freshwater stainless steel tank built out by Best; and their four 6,000-gallon septic trucks (1998 and 1999 Macks, a 2003 Volvo and a 2009 Peterbilt). Waste was off-loaded to the larger vehicles for daily disposal at the Oshkosh water treatment plant. Subscribe: Save the trees for beavers, sign up for our E-Newsletter! Working two to a truck, all units were cleaned twice a day — 4:30 to 11:30 a.m. and again at 1 p.m. When they finished, the team headed off to pump RVs, working from schedules prepared by Warner and Bloch, who manned a booth where RV owners could sign up for service. Typical workdays were 16 to 18 hours, Dean says. Shower and restroom attendants, using four 2010 Club Car golf carts and two side-by-side utility vehicles (a 2014 Kawasaki Mule and a 2014 Polaris Ranger), worked from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m stocking and cleaning. Paper supplies and deodorant products (Satellite’s Safe‑T‑Fresh) were stored in a 2005 53-foot drop-deck semi trailer. Meanwhile, the septic guys, working one to a truck, spent the days — and again late at night — pumping company-provided holding tanks, the on-site underground tanks (ranging in size from 2,000 to 15,000 gallons) and shower trailers. Despite the crowds, Dean says navigating was not a problem. “As far as big events go it’s pretty good because it’s such a large area and there’s tons of roads and multiple ways of getting around.” Helping them out was a ban on spectator vehicle traffic. MAPPING IT OUT An event of this magnitude takes lots of planning — “all year long,” Dean says. “We get a PDF map with all locations, we do an aerial view, we do several meetings with them.” They created a spreadsheet containing locations, units and equipment serial numbers. Areas were split up and drivers assigned specific zones. The week before the event the team did an on-site dry run to go over routes and make sure everybody knew who was doing what. But it’s a team effort, Dean says. “If somebody finishes early, they hop on to the nearest guy and help him out.” It’s that teamwork that makes doing an event like this enjoyable, Dean says, despite the grueling schedule. “This is probably one of the best teams you could ever be a part of. All the big events we do are fun. It’s why we keep doing it.” Related Stories Expo: Come See It All Are Your Restroom Trucks Specially Outfitted For Events? PROfile: Oklahoma PRO Relies On New Technology And Trade Association Networking For Long-Lasting Success Cover Story: Joe’s Septic Contractors Serves Diverse Portable Sanitation Customers In Louisiana Want more stories like this? Sign up for alerts! Dean Septic employees clean out some of the 1,000-plus PolyJohn PJN3s on the EAA grounds with one of the company’s Ford F-550s. Attendees walk past. Related Topics Wisconsin (13) PolyJohn Enterprises (124) Satellite Industries (120) Portable Restrooms (374) Ameri-Can Engineering (26) Restroom Trailer (89) Kentucky Tank, Inc. (5) Holding Tanks (21) Progress Tank (18) Best Enterprises, Inc. (30) Freshwater Tanks (1) Popular Stories Make Your Special-Events Service Something Special Addressing Your Company’s Weaknesses Will Make it Stronger Cover Story: Growing a Portable Restroom Company from Scratch Don’t Take Returning Customers for Granted Flat-Top Tank Design Helps PRO Save Time and Money Order Reprints Want a color copy, PDF, or poster of this article as it appeared in print? Order Here! Past Issues Select Issue… November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 View All Past Issues » Comments Comments on this site are submitted by users and are not endorsed by nor do they reflect the views or opinions of COLE Publishing, Inc. Comments are moderated before being posted. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. PRO - Portable Restroom Operator Subscribe to PRO Email Alerts View the Latest Ezine View Past Issues Classifieds Media Kit & Advertising Discussion Forums 2016-2017 Buyer's Guide Manufacturers/Dealers by Name Manufacturers/Dealers by Category Change Address on Subscription Contact Us What's Hot Portable Restrooms Portable Sanitation Small Business Vacuum Trucks Featured PolyJohn Enterprises Satellite Industries Social Sign Up for Our Newsletter Name (Optional) Email Portable Restrooms Portable Sanitation Small Business Vacuum Trucks Featured PolyJohn Enterprises Satellite Industries Vacuum Pumps Special Events Restroom Trailer Customer Service Marketing Masport, Inc. Water & Wastewater Equipment, Treatment & Transport Show (WWETT) PolyPortables, LLC Vacuum Tanks Deodorizers Employees Pumper & Cleaner Environmental Expo Hand-Wash Stations Editor's Blog Pumps Portable Sanitation Association International (PSAI) Westmoor Ltd. Slide-in Units Imperial Industries, Inc. Odor Control Products/Equipment Five Peaks Pressure Washers and Sprayers Hino Sales cleaner.com digdifferent.com gomcmag.com mswmag.com onsiteinstaller.com plumbermag.com pumper.com pumpertrader.com tpomag.com weqfair.com wwettshow.com © 2016 PRO™ - Portable Restroom Operator. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
null
null
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Aviation November 9, 2016 5:02 PM What Trump presidency could mean for aircraft industries Textron AirLand’s Scorpion ISR-Strike aircraft. Textron Aviation File photo i By Jerry Siebenmark jsiebenmark@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story With the election of Donald Trump as the next president, financial analysts on Wednesday think his presidency will mean more spending on defense, including military aircraft. But they are less certain on what it will mean for the commercial aircraft and business jet sectors. “In the near term, it should support defense stocks, with a moderate negative impact for commercial aero that may be in line with the market as a whole,” J.P. Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note to investors on Wednesday. Higher defense spending could be good for Spirit AeroSystems and perhaps Textron Aviation. Spirit, whose business is largely building major parts of all Boeing and some Airbus commercial jetliners, also has a smaller portfolio of defense work on programs including the new B-21 Bomber, the Navy’s P-8A Poseidon, Air Force KC-46 air refueling tanker and Sikorsky’s CH-53K heavy lift helicopter for the Marine Corps. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 0:32 Crime scene where two were stabbed and one girl is dead 0:52 Eyewitness describes arrest after child stabbed to death 0:28 Eyewitness captures the arrest of 'person of interest' in stabbing death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Watch a KC-135 refuel a fighter jet in close quarters A KC-135 tanker refueled six F-16 Fighting Falcons on Tuesday to provide fuel for the planes to perform aerial exercises over New Mexico and Texas. (Matt Riedl/The Wichita Eagle) mriedl@wichitaeagle.com   Textron Aviation also produces the Beechcraft T-6 Trainer and AT-6 light-attack turboprop aircraft and is developing the Scorpion jet. But neither aircraft types have new orders from the U.S. military. “Now, with the President and both houses as Republican, it should enable stronger budget growth for defense over time,” Wells Fargo Securities senior analyst Sam Pearlstein wrote in an investor note on Wednesday. Cowen & Co. analyst Cai von Rumohr said in his note Wednesday that even with the possibility of stronger defense spending, Trump has said the Defense Department could “buy smarter,” and that “could suggest a tougher attitude on contractor profitability.” While Seifman, Pearlstein and two other analysts expect greater defense spending with Trump, they aren’t clear what his presidency means for commercial airplanes and business jets. “Bizjet OEMs have long blamed uncertainty as one of the issues that … has been holding down new bizjet demand, and the uncertainty level (h)as arguably moved up another notch,” Vertical Research Partners analyst Robert Stallard wrote in a note Wednesday about Trump winning the election. Stallard and J.P. Morgan’s Seifman wrote that uncertainty extends to airlines and commercial aircraft manufacturers. “Moreover, hostility toward trade animated Trump’s campaign and Boeing is the biggest US manufacturing exporter, creating vulnerability to an increase in global trade barriers, should they emerge,” Seifman wrote. Concerns from outside the U.S. about what a Trump presidency means for international relations could also affect the airline industry, which is Boeing and Airbus’ customers. “We would expect any real impact from the Trump Administration to take some time to flow through to global airline results, and the demand for new aircraft,” Stallard wrote. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 9:10 Obama welcomes Canadian prime minister to White House, cracks jokes Pause 2:54 Melania Trump delivers speech at Republican National Convention 1:25 Trump goes to Mexico, doesn't ask them to pay for the wall 0:45 Lynn Rogers talks about his campaign 0:53 Bishop says opponent's negativity may have hurt him 0:37 Crum cautiously optimistic 0:48 Fishing, archery taught at Dodge City High School 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Donald Trump delivered his victory speech from his election night event at the New York Hilton in Midtown Manhattan. It was a long-fought presidential election after declaring his candidacy June 16, 2015, and later telling supporters that he would accept the results of the election under the condition that he wins. AP facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 9:10 Obama welcomes Canadian prime minister to White House, cracks jokes 2:54 Melania Trump delivers speech at Republican National Convention 1:25 Trump goes to Mexico, doesn't ask them to pay for the wall 0:45 Lynn Rogers talks about his campaign 0:53 Bishop says opponent's negativity may have hurt him 0:37 Crum cautiously optimistic 0:48 Fishing, archery taught at Dodge City High School 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Hillary Clinton: Greet Trump with 'an open mind' Hillary Clinton delivered her concession speech on Wednesday morning offering her congratulations to President-elect Donald Trump. After a long and hard fought campaign, the first female major party candidate urged her supporters to keep fighting and to offer Trump a chance to lead the country. AP   Jerry Siebenmark: 316-268-6576, @jsiebenmark Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Aviation Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 1:25 First flight of Citation Longitude super-midsize jet 2:26 Crowd, volunteers rejoice as B-29 makes historic return to flight 0:38 Spectators talk about seeing Doc fly for the first time 1:26 Inside Doc's nose 1:31 Inside Doc's cockpit during first flight 1:18 Cessna Citation Longitude test pilot 1:00 B-29 "Doc" takes to the air for the first time in 60 years 1:22 500th SpiritAeroSystems Boeing 787 1:51 Spirit celebrates the 500th delivery of 787 Dreamliner fuselage Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:35 5 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:18 9 days ago Cessna Citation Longitude test pilot 0:45 10 days ago B-29 Doc lands at Eisenhower Airport for the first time View more video Aviation United changes up big Boeing 737 order Domestic flight cancellations hit all-time low With new pipeline, Spirit increases use of recycled water United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares National news show features ‘Doc’ Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service

RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | Classifieds | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In The Star - News, views and advertising of the Grand Coulee Dam Area   Reader Comments (0)  Print     Home News Opinion People Births Obituaries Community School Sports Calendar Lifestyles Legals Advertise Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad   Russell W. Kershner   November 9, 2016 | LXXVI No. 33  | View PDF Russell W. Kershner of Coulee City, Washington, passed onto the loving hands and embrace of our Lord, Jesus Christ, on Wednesday, November 2, 2016, in Grand Coulee Washington. Mr. Kershner was born on December 13, 1941, in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, to William Kershner and Edith (Woodhouse) Kershner. Mr. Kershner was a proud Vietnam Veteran as a member of The United States Army from 1960-1968. He served two tours of duty in Vietnam, where he was wounded in action during the second tour. He was honorably discharged with a combined eight medals/decorations. When he returned to the states he went to work at Boeing in Seattle, Grand Coulee Dam and eventually became a pioneer in the installation of computer systems in lumber mills from Canada to Portland, Oregon. As a Computer Analyst he started his own business earning contracts with many government agencies, including NASA, and private businesses such as IBM, until his retirement. He was a member of the Coulee Dam ward of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, where he became an elder; the VFW, American Legion, Kiwanis Club, former Scout Master, and had met all of the requirements to acquire his Eagle Scout certificate. He very much enjoyed fishing, traveling, gardening, genealogy, and UFO research, and watching football at every possible opportunity. In high school he was an active athlete participating in baseball, track and football. Our daddy was an amazing, loving, and very special father, grandfather, friend and husband; first to our mother, Sharon, and then our second mother, Mary Anne. His passing will leave a profound void in the hearts of all of those who were fortunate enough to know him. His kindness and generosity in this world will truly be missed and his passing will leave a void that will be indescribably heartbreaking to all who love him. He is survived by his wife, Mary Anne, whom he married on August 10, 2001. They were later sealed in the Spokane LDS Temple for time and all eternity in January 2011. He is also survived by four children: Diana (Willard) Greenfield, Derrick (Leslie) Kershner, William Patrick Kershner, Candis (Michael) Schuman; four stepchildren: Randy (Tamara) Ward, Jeff (Sue) Ward, Wendy (Martin) Olbricht, Marcy (Mark) Manderscheid; 23 grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. He is also survived by his three loving brothers: Dennis (Waynna) Kershner (and his best friend), Scott (Vicky) Kershner, Denver Kershner; and loving sister, Rebecca (Keith) Helms, along with numerous nieces and nephews. He is preceded in death by his first wife of 41 years, Sharon Lee Kershner; his parents, William and Edith Kershner; his daughter, Deanna Dawn Carson; his stepson, David Ward; and his brother, Mervin Kershner. Mr. Kershner's viewing was held from 10 to 11 a.m ., on Monday, November 7, 2016, at the Coulee Dam LDS chapel, followed by a funeral service at 11 a.m ., with Bishop Scott Graham, officiating. Interment service was held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 at 1:30 p.m ., in Medical Lake at the Washington State Veteran Cemetery. Memorials can be made to the Coulee City Ambulance and/or any Animal Rescue Organization. Please sign the online guest book at http://www.stratefuneralhome.com. Strate Funeral Home, Grand Coulee is caring for the Kershner family. MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Star Obituary Policy 2. Business owner surrende... 3. John Nordine, veteran o... 4. Powell opens Spokane ar... 5. Preparing for the worst MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: Reginald E. (Reg) Morgan Celebration of Life for Lori Garcia Deborah (Debbi) Ann Achord Willard F. Rinker Darsilla (Darcy) Lee Mast   Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment       The Star | P.O. Box 150, Grand Coulee, WA 99133 Ph: (509) 633-1350 or Toll-free: (888) 633-1350 | star@grandcoulee.com | www.grandcoulee.com Content and information copyright Star Publishing, Inc. DBA The Star Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 11/09/2016 12:20
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management November 09, 2016 Comments Email Print SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by Crain's Gogo is headquartered in Chicago's West Loop American Airlines goes all in on faster Wi-Fi—at GoGo's expense (Bloomberg)—American Airlines Group Inc. plans to install faster Wi-Fi on 500 more aircraft in its domestic fleet, bolstering an earlier order for ViaSat Inc. while dealing a blow to current service provider Gogo Inc. American has more than 1,100 aircraft with Wi-Fi service, a number the airline said gives it one of the largest Wi-Fi-equipped fleets in the world. ViaSat's largest North American customer to date is JetBlue Airways Corp., which provides the service to passengers for free through a marketing partnership with Amazon.com Inc. In June, the world's largest airline split an order between the two Wi-Fi providers, with ViaSat contracted for service on 100 new Boeing 737 Max planes and Gogo tapped to install its new 2Ku satellite service on more than 130 Airbus A319s and A320s. The ViaSat installations begin in the summer of 2017, while the Gogo additions will begin late next year, American Airlines spokeswoman Martha Thomas said today. MORE ON THE STORY: • Why in-flight Wi-Fi pioneer Gogo is losing altitude • American just ended the era of awful Gogo Wi-Fi • Airplane Wi-Fi should soon be somewhat less awful In early June, Chicago-based Gogo told investors that about 550 American planes with its equipment “are subject to deinstallation at any time at American's option.” Gogo also said it expected that American would exercise that right for many, or perhaps all, of those aircraft “from time to time over the next several years.” ViaSat disclosed a large new order with its quarterly earnings report Nov. 8 but declined to reveal which airline, per the customer's request. Carlsbad, Calif.-based ViaSat operates its own satellites, while Gogo and Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. contract with other satellite companies. “Gogo will still be outfitting other aircraft in our domestic fleet with its 2ku satellite Wi-Fi and Panasonic continues to provide satellite Wi-Fi for our international widebody fleet,” Thomas said, adding: “Gogo remains a valued partner.” American uses Panasonic Aviation on more than 60 of its international wide-body aircraft. Gogo spokesman Steve Nolan said in an e-mail today that American's announcement is “really old news and confirms what we said in our June 3 public statement. It doesn't change our business outlook and financial guidance.”Separately, Southwest said late Tuesday that it's reviewing proposals for a “secondary connectivity provider” to the Row 44 service it has from Global Eagle on its fleet of more than 700 Boeing 737s. Southwest is Global Eagle's largest customer. The airline expects to select a service in the “coming weeks,” spokeswoman Michelle Agnew said Tuesday. Shares of Global Eagle fell more than 9 percent, to $7.43, at 12:37 p.m. in New York trading. Gogo fell almost 5 percent, to $9.20, while ViaSat rose more than 9 percent, to $76.90. Amazon.com American Airlines Avia Gogo Inc. Technology Airlines Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Twitter is shutting down its Vine video app Facebook says users can't stop it from using biometric data Groupon to buy LivingSocial Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. defense shares hit record highs, boosted by Trump win Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Wed Nov 9, 2016 | 2:40pm EST U.S. defense shares hit record highs, boosted by Trump win left right A UAV helicopter build by Northrop Gruman is on deck aboard the soon to be commissioned littoral combat ship USS Coronado during a media tour in Coronado, California April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo 1/2 left right A man walks past the Raytheon exhibition during the Australian International Airshow in Melbourne March 2, 2011. REUTERS/Mick Tsikas 2/2 NEW YORK U.S. defense shares jumped on Wednesday, with companies including Northrop Grumman (NOC.N) hitting lifetime highs, as the presidential victory by Republican Donald Trump lifted expectations of increased military spending here and overseas. Shares of Northrop, Raytheon (RTN.N) and General Dynamics (GD.N) hit intraday lifetime highs after gapping higher at the opening. Shares of Raytheon were last up 7.5 percent at $146.70, while General Dynamics was up 5.8 percent at $162.6,2 and Northrop was up 5.7 percent at $242.95. Shares of Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) rose 6.5 percent to $254.75 and hit their highest intraday level since about mid-August. Other defense names rose more modestly: Boeing (BA.N) was up 2 percent at $145.05. Defense shares had already been higher this year, underpinned in part by signs of increased global conflict. While Trump's rival in the race for the White House, Democrat Hillary Clinton, also had advocated tough defense and foreign policies, Trump has been a big supporter of increased defense spending, saying he would expand the Army and add to the number of ships. "It's basically he believes in stronger preparation. It's strength equals preparedness," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. Trump has called on NATO alliance partners to do more to pay for their own security. Elsewhere, shares of the U.K.'s BAE Systems (BAES.L) gained 6.8 percent. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Leslie Adler) Next In Aerospace & Defense Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order SEATTLE/BANGALORE Boeing Co shares fell on Tuesday after United Continental Holdings said it will defer jetliner orders worth nearly $5 billion as part of a cost-saving drive. Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing Co , the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would close some plants and move jobs as it consolidates its business that makes military aircraft and weapons. Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax MOSCOW Russia's Defence Ministry has said that Russian missile strikes did not hit the Syrian city of Aleppo on Tuesday, according to Interfax news agency. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THE MARKET DECIDES The swing of financial markets after Donald Trump’s victory is a strong indicator of what’s to come Written by Ray Sturm Associate Lecturer of Finance, University of Central Florida Obsession 2016 November 09, 2016 Bullish. (Reuters/Edgard Garrido) Share Written by Ray Sturm Associate Lecturer of Finance, University of Central Florida Obsession 2016 November 09, 2016 Global financial markets plunged—and then recovered—as Donald Trump won the US presidential election. The Standard & Poor’s 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average were up about half a percent around noon as investors more calmly absorbed the election results following a night of panic. Futures on the S&P 500, for example, had tumbled as much as 5 percent, and the Mexican peso—which has been a key indicator of investor sentiment during this race—plummeted as much as 12 percent, to a record low. While investors around the world continue to digest the results, a central issue for them is how the outcome will affect their assets. But do the markets’ reactions tell us anything about the future, as well? As it turns out, whether markets—specifically stocks—continue to fall or begin to rise over the next few days can be a useful predictor for how they will perform in the months and even years to come. In the case of the 2016 presidential election, investors will decide whether they think Trump will be good or bad for the economy—and more importantly their investments—as the 45th president. The rest of us, investor or not, would be well-advised to pay attention. Performance in the near term In general, as you might expect, markets tend to rally if investors think the election winner will be good for their investments, and drop if they deem otherwise. Essentially, they’re all just making bets on the future—some short term, some longer term. In particular, they may turn bullish and buy more US stocks, for example, if they think the next president will create a more favorable business climate for companies, perhaps by lowering tax rates, investing in the economy (leading to stronger growth), reducing regulation, or reducing uncertainty. Research I published in 2014 offers evidence that the stock market’s early assessment tends to be a good predictor of how it will perform in the near future. In other words, investors cast their own votes—with their hard-earned dollars—on the outcome of the election: If more investors think that America’s choice for president will be good for the economy rather than bad, stock prices rise, and vice versa. In my study, I examined market returns for the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)—which includes 30 of the best-known U.S. stocks such as Microsoft and Boeing—covering 29 presidential elections from 1896 to 2011. I found two key pieces of evidence that may drive investors’ stock portfolio performance both in the short term and the long term. First, how the market reacts the day after the election appears to be an indicator of how it will perform for the remainder of the election year. If this pattern persists, then investors can expect stock returns from Nov. 10 through Dec. 31 to continue in the same direction as the returns on Nov. 9. This is generally known as the momentum effect—made popular in academic literature by finance professors Narasimhan Jegadeesh and Sheridan Titman. In those 29 presidential elections I examined, when the market “approved” of the outcome by rallying the day after the election, stocks returned an average of about 3 percent over the rest of the year. When stocks initially dropped, the market lost an average of about 2 percent during the period. Course correction My second key finding was that markets tend to change their mind in a new president’s second year in office. That is, in cases where stocks rallied for the first three days after an election, the market seems to consider the initial move an “overreaction,” and vice versa. Specifically, the DJIA lost an average of about 2.5 percent in a president’s second year if he got a victory boost during those three days. When the president-elect was initially punished by investors, stocks returned about 12.5 percent in his second year. The reason for this anomaly seems straightforward. Media attention leading up to the election induces extreme beliefs in voters, including investors, which are reflected in trading decisions as soon as the results are known. So if the market reacts negatively to the election’s outcome and the president turns out to be not as bad as expected, then the market recovers. The opposite behavior occurs when the market reacts positively to the election’s outcome and apparently, this behavior happens frequently. The presidential election cycle More broadly, these findings seem to fit into a well-known phenomenon called the presidential election cycle, referring to the four years following a new president taking the oath of office. Going back to at least the 1960s, the second half of a president’s term—especially the third year—has almost always outperformed the first half. For the last 14 election cycles, returns in the third year of a term have averaged about 16 percent, double the average during every other year. That means for this year’s election, 2019 should be a good one for investors regardless of how markets react in the coming few days. Some have argued the reason is that going into a presidential election year, the president is motivated to keep his party in power. Hence, he has an incentive to implement fiscal policies designed to give the economy a boost, which is usually good news for a company’s bottom line, resulting in positive stock returns. Evidence supporting this theory, however, has been elusive. A study I published in 2013 suggested that tax policy may be behind the second-half bump because most tax legislation is passed in a president’s first two years in office, so the economic impact is felt in later years. What does it mean? Research has shown that Democratic presidents have historically been better for stocks than Republican presidents, but at the cost of higher inflation. So how can investors expect their portfolios to perform now that the 2016 election is over? If history is any guide, the probabilities indicate that the market returns for the remainder of 2016 should continue in the same direction as the returns for the day following the election. The returns for the year 2018 should be in the opposite direction of the cumulative returns for the three days following the election. Finally, 2019 will likely be a positive year regardless. Given the unusual characteristics of this election, it is hard to speculate whether or not these patterns will continue. This is the first time in history that the country may have a true outsider without military or government experience as president. So only time will tell whether these patterns will persist. Regardless, Americans have cast their votes for president, and now investors will continue to cast their own on whether they think he will able to improve the economy. And that may provide valuable clues for investors’ portfolio performance for years to come. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Economy Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Economy Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Economy Login Subscribe Jon Talton / Columnist Economic consequences of President Trump Originally published November 9, 2016 at 10:30 am Updated November 9, 2016 at 3:46 pm The president-elect is no ordinary candidate, and his effects on the economy will likely be enormous. Share story American history offers no precedent to Donald Trump’s election to the presidency. Never before has a successful candidate brought no experience in statecraft and politics — and certainly not as chief executive of an America as a populous, complex nation and superpower. Ronald Reagan was “just an actor,” except he had served two successful, largely pragmatic terms as governor of the nation’s biggest state, and he had thought and written extensively about politics. Never before have we had a president-elect who brings the trail of scandal, bragging of sexual assault, business failures and loose talk about such trifles as nuclear weapons. We are on uncharted seas. And I am afraid. The economy can expect substantial changes. Two of Trump’s consistent pledges have been to limit immigration and threaten Mexico and China over trade to get them to “negotiate.” I see no evidence not to take him seriously, with whatever checks might be applied by a Republican Congress and (soon to be) Republican Supreme Court. It’s impossible to see how China, especially, could be brought to “negotiate.” Trump’s nationalism, meet the nationalism of Xi Jinping, a very dangerous game. China happens to be Washington’s largest trading partner and the state would be badly mauled by a trade war. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead, with more geo-strategic consequences than economic ones for the United States in the Asia-Pacific region. Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. On immigration, even if Trump “limits” his reach to illegal, largely Hispanic, immigrants and Muslims, the situation will be chilling. This potentially affects Washington, and especially metropolitan Seattle, by keeping out talented people from around the world, who boost the economy through their skills and give Seattle much of its world city diversity. A large body of evidence suggests that immigration adds to economic growth and STEM talent (see here, and here, for example). Would severely cutting immigration raise wages? Perhaps for some. But here things run into the reality of total Republican control of the federal government. Today’s GOP opposes unionization, a higher minimum wage and “burdensome” protections for workers. Republicans see inequality as a natural condition, not one meriting government intervention. Trump and the GOP do promise big tax cuts for the richest. “Entitlements” (i.e. the earned benefits of Social Security and Medicare) will be cut and privatized. Obamacare will be repealed (too bad, you soon-to-be-uninsured 20 million). Any average American who voted for Trump to improve his or her economic lot is dreaming. Contrary to the prevailing narrative, most of Trump’s appeal was racial, cultural and nationalistic, not economic. Big business might do very well in the short term under the GOP, hence today’s advance on Wall  Street. Trump has no overall plan and a weak bench of advisers, so Rep. Paul Ryan’s Congress will set the template of governance. It will go deep into the pores of the economy. Cutting antitrust enforcement, deregulating, eliminating the federal Environmental Protection Agency, allowing even more offshore tax evasion — all this is coming. The major corporations of the Puget Sound will get these laissez faire advantages, while they last. One exception are the enterprises of Jeff Bezos, whose Washington Post produced some of the top journalism of the campaign. As a result, Trump, known for his vindictiveness, has vowed to use antitrust as a weapon in this case. Boeing is something of a question mark. It has earned the ire of many Republicans in their desire to shut the Export-Import Bank. Maybe now that they control the White House, Republicans will let the agency get back in business. Maybe not. The big enchilada: Get in a fight with China, and lose Boeing’s vital Chinese business. Another large question comes on the defense side. Trump has been heterodox on defense spending and even willing to go after procurement dysfunction (if his attention span allows it). This puts him at odds with Republicans who want to let the military Keynesianism roll. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will be among the first to hear, “You’re fired.” The Fed will become more politicized, gutting its ability to anticipate and respond to crises (Republicans don’t believe in market failures). Deregulation is likely to sweep away the Dodd-Frank financial reform. Inadequate though it was, Dodd-Frank was at least a beginning. So expect a wave of corruption and bubbles. Paying for those tax cuts will require cutting research and aid to cities, big blows to our innovation economy and improvement of the urban area. Trump has said he wants big infrastructure, especially passenger rail and high-speed rail like other advanced nations. But he faces a Congress whose opposition to rail is an act of faith. All this is nothing compared with Trump and the Congress denying mainstream science on climate change. Two years, four years — even if Trumpism is not a permanent regime — will be too late if the United States reverses its leadership on this genuine existential threat. To enumerate its costs to the economy, including our fisheries, trivializes the human and species suffering ahead. So to the purists who wanted to “burn down the house,” you voted to burn up the planet, morons. This is reality, not reality TV.         Jon Talton: jtalton@seattletimes.com; on Twitter: @jontalton. Jon Talton comments on economic news, issues and trends, with an emphasis on Seattle and the Northwest. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Small businesses can expect policy changes under Trump Previous Story For global economy, Trump victory intensifies uncertainties Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Boeing congratulates Trump, congressional leaders on victories mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:30 AM, November 10, 2016 SEATTLE - World's No. 1 plane maker Boeing Co <BA.N>, which is finalizing a deal to sell jetliners to Iran, on Wednesday congratulated President-elect Donald Trump and members of Congress on their election victories and said it looked forward to working with them to promote global economic growth and protect workers. Boeing's sale of 100 planes to Iran was made possible by a nuclear deal that Trump has strongly criticized. Boeing's defense and space businesses could get a boost from Trump, who has promised to rebuild the U.S. military. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Who wins in the Donald Trump investment economy? InvestorPlace 6 days ago Dana Blankenhorn Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume Market Tumbles, Then Rebounds After Trump Victory Speech Wochit Business See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC 0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech 1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters 1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal. 2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC 0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech 0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business 5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News 3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters 0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes 1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal. 1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech 0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money 1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business 0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters 0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal. 5:05 UP NEXT The events of this Election Day and the ascension of Donald Trump represent a political triumph by an old economic model, the resources and TV at the center of the country, over the bicoastal Internet economy of Barack Obama. It reminds me of 1976, when Jimmy Carter led a manufacturing and trading rebellion against the oil boom in Houston, when I was getting my degree from Rice University. What I didn’t realize, sitting amidst all those new skyscrapers, was how badly trading centers on the coasts were hurting. The real estate recession that began in 1974 would continue through the decade. After the 1976 election, of course, oil men redoubled their efforts to take political power. They succeeded, in 1978 and 1980, then dominated our politics from that day to this. From that perspective, Trump is a “Bizarro World” version of Jimmy Carter. But history doesn’t repeat, it can only rhyme. What does Donald Trump mean to investors in 2017 and beyond? The Oil Economy The oil economy includes both the production and consumption of resources. 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump It’s not just buy Pioneer Natural Resources, EOG Resources and Philips 66. This should mean big gains on the consumption side of the equation, for suburban homebuilders like Toll Brothers and automakers like Ford Motor and General Motors. Obviously, this is big news for defense stocks like Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Boeing. A world marked by growing nationalism is going to mean huge sales, not just to the U.S. military but to military people around the world. The knee-jerk reaction is going to be selling tech stocks, especially companies like Alphabet, Amazon and Facebook. If you have a time horizon of a year or two, and especially if you still have a gain in these stocks after today, it may be time to take profits. If you are an investor with a five-year time horizon or longer, however, you may want to pick up some bargains. Hunker down and know that the future is inevitable. Things like self-driving cars, self-running factories, and immersive, virtual reality gaming … they are all in our future. Economic forces work their will. It just takes time. Buy China The most important investment call I can make is that you buy China. China has a large, and still growing, domestic economy, under an unshakeable state that controls its Internet. China is the model every other country will be following going forward. Over time, I think this leads to a balkanization of the Internet, and a true global recession. But China should skate through, helped by the growing economies of Southeast Asia around it, where one-quarter of the world’s people live. So Aliababa Group Holding So Weibo Corp. So Trina Solar Limited. So the SPDR S&P China and other instruments that give you access to the Chinese economy. China is going to drop the chips America is leaving on the table, so maybe pick up some Las Vegas Sands as well. A Bumpy Night The natural impulse in the face of a shock like today is to sell, sell, sell. Buy the SPDR S&P Biotech (ETF) (XBI) TODAY Lots of investors will be doing that this morning, adjusting their portfolios to an unexpected reality, talking up global nationalism and tension, wondering where Wall Street got things so wrong. It’s more important to note that, in the longer run, the economy drives politics and not the other way around. Donald Trump can no longer halt the Internet economy with his bluster than Jimmy Carter could halt the rise of oil with a cardigan sweater. But for now, that’s the world we live and invest in. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial journalist and author of the science fiction story Into the Cloud. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing, he was long AMZN, FB and GOOGL. Go to MSN Home More in Inside the Ticker Yum Brands makes a huge bet on Taco Bell Inside the Ticker Attendance declines ease at SeaWorld; new cost cuts coming Associated Press 'Whole paycheck' rep might not be Whole Foods' biggest problem anymore MarketWatch Investors break up with dating company Match Inside the Ticker Fitbit stock plummets as Wall Street raises concerns Investopedia Pfizer's returns aren't healthy enough for Wall Street Inside the Ticker AdChoices More in Inside the Ticker The rise, fall and rise again of Hostess Brands Inside the Ticker Bottled water is booming as soda sales fizzle Inside the Ticker United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters Costco's CEO has a simple recipe for making money The Motley Fool Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Associated Press More from InvestorPlace Big Tech rebounds as Trump rally rolls on InvestorPlace Why Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) and Home Depot Inc (HD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Debuts New Taco Bell Logo InvestorPlace Mazda Recall: 70,000 RX-8 Sports Cars Face Fuel Leak Risk InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, Nov 10 2016. 02 05 AM IST Airbus said to name Kiran Rao deputy to John Leahy, anointing heir apparent Kiran Rao’s appointment comes less than a month after Boeing announced that Ihssane Mounir would replace John Wojick as its head of sales early next year Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Andrea Rothman Photo: Bloomberg Toulouse: Airbus Group SE named Kiran Rao as deputy to John Leahy, positioning him as the most likely successor to the European planemaker’s longtime sales chief, people familiar with the plan said. The elevation of Rao, Airbus’s 52-year-old executive vice president for strategy and future programs, has been disclosed to top management, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is still private. A public announcement will come within the next month, they said. Airbus spokesman Stefan Schaffrath declined to comment. The appointment comes less than a month after Boeing announced that Ihssane Mounir would replace John Wojick as its head of sales early next year. Leahy, 66, has outlasted more than a half-dozen Boeing counterparts since being named Airbus’s chief commercial officer in 1994. In his career at the planemaker, Leahy has won aircraft commitments valued at more than $1 trillion. Airbus announced a plan in September to combine all divisions into a single company, as chief executive officer Tom Enders seeks to cut costs, streamline operations and reduce bureaucracy. Rao also held the title of executive vice president for sales and marketing. Rao was born in India and studied aeronautical engineering. Bloomberg Andrea Rothman Topics: AirbusKiran RaoJohn LeahyAviation SectorTom Enders More from this Section Snapchat said to have filed for IPO Pricing is a strategy, not a long term differentiator: Vodafone India Tata Motors says Tata Tech stake sale talks on; deal may take longer API toolmaker Postdot targets enterprise sales NSE may divest 25% stake via OFS route Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Wed, Nov 09 2016. 09 01 PM IST Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India The economics of currency reform The two-step Trump dance Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
null
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Election 2016 Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Election 2016 What we can learn from market’s reaction to a President Trump November 9, 2016 1.21am EST •Updated November 9, 2016 4.38pm EST A trader in shock? Brendan McDermid/Reuters What we can learn from market’s reaction to a President Trump November 9, 2016 1.21am EST •Updated November 9, 2016 4.38pm EST Ray Sturm Author Ray Sturm Associate Lecturer of Finance, University of Central Florida Disclosure statement Ray Sturm is a registered Republican. Partners View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons licence. Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Global financial markets initially plunged, recovered and then posted solid gains as Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. The Standard & Poor’s 500 closed up 1.1 percent as investors saw some upside to a President Trump. That followed a night of panic, when futures contracts on that same index tumbled 5 percent, and the Mexican peso – which has been a key indicator of investor sentiment during this race – plummeted as much as 12 percent, to a record low. While investors around the world continue to digest the results, a central issue for them is how the outcome will affect their assets. But does how markets react tell us anything about the future as well? As it turns out, whether markets – specifically stocks – continue to fall or begin to rise over the next few days can be a useful predictor for how they will perform in the months and even years to come. In the case of the 2016 presidential election, investors will decide whether they think Trump will be good or bad for the economy – and more importantly their investments – as the 45th president. The rest of us, investor or not, would be well-advised to pay attention. Early market reaction to Trump’s victory was decidedly negative. Toru Hanai/Reuters Performance in the near term In general, as you might expect, markets tend to rally if investors think the election winner will be good for their investments and drop if they deem otherwise. Essentially, they’re all just making bets on the future – some short term, some longer term. In particular, they may turn bullish and buy more U.S. stocks, for example, if they think the next president will create a more favorable business climate for companies, perhaps by lowering tax rates, investing in the economy (leading to stronger growth), reducing regulation or reducing uncertainty. Research I published in 2014 offers evidence that the stock market’s early assessment tends to be a good predictor of how it will perform in the near future. In other words, investors cast their own votes – with their hard-earned dollars – on the outcome of the election: If more investors think that America’s choice for president will be good for the economy rather than bad, stock prices rise and vice versa. In my study, I examined market returns for the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) – which includes 30 of the best-known U.S. stocks such as Microsoft and Boeing – covering 29 presidential elections from 1896 to 2011. I found two key pieces of evidence that may drive investors’ stock portfolio performance both in the short term and the long term. First, how the market reacts the day after the election appears to be an indicator of how it will perform for the remainder of the election year. If this pattern persists, then investors can expect stock returns from Nov. 10 through Dec. 31 to continue in the same direction as the returns on Nov. 9. This is generally known as the momentum effect – made popular in academic literature by finance professors Narasimhan Jegadeesh and Sheridan Titman. In those 29 presidential elections I examined, when the market “approved” of the outcome by rallying the day after the election, stocks returned an average of about 3 percent over the rest of the year. When stocks initially dropped, the market lost an average of about 2 percent during the period. Course correction My second key finding was that markets tend to change their mind in a new president’s second year in office. That is, in cases where stocks rallied for the first three days after an election, the market seems to consider the initial move an “overreaction,” and vice versa. Specifically, the DJIA lost an average of about 2.5 percent in a president’s second year if he got a victory boost during those three days. When the president-elect was initially punished by investors, stocks returned about 12.5 percent in his second year. The reason for this anomaly seems straightforward. Media attention leading up to the election induces extreme beliefs in voters, including investors, which are reflected in trading decisions as soon as the results are known. So if the market reacts negatively to the election’s outcome and the president turns out to be not as bad as expected, then the market recovers. The opposite behavior occurs when the market reacts positively to the election’s outcome and apparently, this behavior happens frequently. The presidential election cycle More broadly, these findings seem to fit into a well-known phenomenon called the presidential election cycle, referring to the four years following a new president taking the oath of office. Going back to at least the 1960s, the second half of a president’s term, especially the third year, has almost always outperformed the first half. For the last 14 election cycles, returns in the third year of a term have averaged about 16 percent, double the average during every other year. That means for this year’s election, 2019 should be a good one for investors regardless of how markets react in the coming few days. Some have argued the reason is that going into a presidential election year, the president is motivated to keep his party in power. Hence, he has an incentive to implement fiscal policies designed to give the economy a boost, which is usually good news for a company’s bottom line, resulting in positive stock returns. Evidence supporting this theory, however, has been elusive. A study I published in 2013 suggested that tax policy may be behind the second-half bump because most tax legislation is passed in a president’s first two years in office, so the economic impact is felt in later years. What does it mean? Research has shown that Democratic presidents have historically been better for stocks than Republican presidents, but at the cost of higher inflation. So how can investors expect their portfolios to perform now that the 2016 election is over? If history is any guide, the probabilities indicate that the market returns for the remainder of 2016 should continue in the same direction as the returns for the day following the election. The returns for the year 2018 should be in the opposite direction of the cumulative returns for the three days following the election. Finally, 2019 will likely be a positive year regardless. Given the unusual characteristics of this election, it is hard to speculate whether or not these patterns will continue. This is the first time in history that the country may have a true outsider, with no military or government experience, as president. So only time will tell whether these patterns will persist. Regardless, Americans have cast their votes for president, and now investors will continue to cast their own on whether they think he will able to improve the economy. And that may provide valuable clues for investors’ portfolio performance for years to come. US economy Dow Jones Financial markets Markets Bonds Hillary Clinton Standard & Poor's stock market Donald Trump Stock markets 2016 US Presidential Election Tweet Share Get newsletter You might also like The impact of an uncertain election result on the sharemarket isn’t going to be as bad as Brexit. Dan Himbrechts/AAP An uncertain election result may lead to stagnant financial markets Understanding how news flows affect stocks can help you beat these guys. Reuters How retail investors can beat the pros trading on breaking news EPA/Rolex Dela Pena Explainer: what role does the stock market play in the Chinese economy? Facing a sea of red. Reuters How Chinese mix of frugality and risk-taking is driving global stock markets wild Most popular on The Conversation Five things that explain Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory Why repealing Obamacare may not be as easy as Trump thinks When ‘energy’ drinks actually contained radioactive energy A ‘rigged’ vote? Four US presidential elections with contested results What we can learn from market’s reaction to a President Trump Why the Trump effect could increase bullying Voters’ embarrassment and fear of social stigma messed with pollsters’ predictions Supermoons are big and bright, but not as rare as the hype would suggest Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House What Donald Trump’s surprise victory means for the economy and business Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 42,600 academics and researchers from 1,839 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Research and Expert Database Our feeds Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2016, The Conversation US, Inc.
null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Local News Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local News Login Subscribe Local News Local Politics Nation & World Nation & World Politics At tiny Trump viewing party at Southcenter, ‘so far so good’ Originally published November 8, 2016 at 7:37 pm Updated November 9, 2016 at 3:27 pm Married couple Anthony Catalfamo, 38, and Alexes Catalfamo, 33, of Auburn were pleased to see favorable early returns for Donald Trump on Election Night 2016. (Erik Lacitis / The Seattle Times) The eight people at the Trump viewing party at one of the theaters at AMC Southcenter cheered as CNN alerts kept showing Trump leading. Share story By Erik Lacitis Seattle Times staff reporter They kept the faith and the pollsters may be proven so wrong. Astoundingly wrong. The eight people here at the Trump viewing party at one of the theaters at AMC Southcenter cheered as the CNN alerts kept showing Trump leading. Among them were Anthony Catalfamo, 38, and his wife, Alexes Catalfamo, 33, of Auburn. “So far so good,” says Anthony.   Full local, national results Mayor: Seattle will remain sanctuary city for immigrants despite Trump Jonathan Martin | There wasn't a 'Trump effect' in Washington What does Trump’s election mean, how will it impact the country? Clinton on pace to win popular vote, despite losing election Pot legalization marches ahead; Trump calls it ‘state issue’ Republicans celebrate under Puget Sound area's blue bubble Seattle reacts to Trump’s victory: ‘Shocked, strangely unfazed’ Danny Westneat | The year the white man roared Jon Talton | The economic consequences of President Trump Jerry Large | Voters who lost must stay engaged now more than ever He works at Boeing in Everett as a materials processor. “I’m a team leader and a union steward,” says Catalfamo. “Amost everyone I know is for Trump.” When he got off his shift in the early afternoon, he picked up his wife and waited in the Southcenter parking lot for the doors to open at 4 for the viewing party. Says Alexes, “I believe we need a change.” Is she fed up with present-day politics? “Basically.” Says Anthony about Trump, “I believe in every one of his views.” The couple sat and watched the latest CNN race alert. “CNN is pro-Democratic and pro-Hillary,” says Anthony. “The numbers will speak for themselves.” Erik Lacitis: 206-464-2237 or elacitis@seattletimes.com; on Twitter: @ErikLacitis. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story School-construction bonds passing in Highline, Kent, trailing in Auburn Previous Story Washington state Democrats watch anxiously as Trump dominates early results Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Avcorp announces restructuring at its Gardena facility Move designed to optimize work flows and generate significant annual cost savings VANCOUVER, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the “Company”, “Avcorp” or the “Avcorp Group”) has announced that it has issued 60 day WARN notifications on October 24, 2016, as part of a restructuring initiative at its Gardena California facility that will result in a workforce reduction of 75 permanent employees by December 31, 2016. This reduction is in addition to exiting 180 temporary workers during the last 90 days, which were added this year to support customers’ requirements arising from legacy product issues. The restructuring will result in significant annual cost savings for the Company, net of anticipated severance costs of approximately $260,000. “The team in Gardena has done a great job of meeting our customers’ needs under challenging conditions,” said Mr. Peter George, CEO of the Avcorp Group. “Our customers and our people understand the issues we face, and we are continuing to identify and act on opportunities in a focused and measured way. While these decisions were not taken lightly, they are intended to protect our people and capabilities, stabilize our processes and optimize our work flows so that we deliver world-class performance to our customers.” About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin.  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 750 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‑weight, strong, reliable structures. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington Ontario, Canada location also provides operators and MRO’s aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 9, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: E-series Glycol Ether Market by Type, Application, and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Next Next post: India Frozen Food Market By Product Type, By Organized Vs Unorganized, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011 – 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Water Leaders "Bringing Water Together" at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus Said to Name Rao Deputy to Leahy, Anointing Heir Apparent Andrea Rothman @AEROisme More stories by Andrea Rothman November 8, 2016 — 2:37 PM EST November 8, 2016 — 2:37 PM EST Airbus Group SE named Kiran Rao as deputy to John Leahy, positioning him as the most likely successor to the European planemaker’s longtime sales chief, people familiar with the plan said. The elevation of Rao, Airbus’s 52-year-old executive vice president for strategy and future programs, has been disclosed to top management, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is still private. A public announcement will come within the next month, they said. Airbus spokesman Stefan Schaffrath declined to comment. The appointment comes less than a month after Boeing announced that Ihssane Mounir would replace John Wojick as its head of sales early next year. Leahy, 66, has outlasted more than a half-dozen Boeing counterparts since being named Airbus’s chief commercial officer in 1994. In his career at the planemaker, Leahy has won aircraft commitments valued at more than $1 trillion. Airbus announced a plan in September to combine all divisions into a single company, as Chief Executive Officer Tom Enders seeks to cut costs, streamline operations and reduce bureaucracy. Rao also held the title of executive vice president for sales and marketing. Rao was born in India and studied aeronautical engineering. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Dirty Linen: A Bed Sheets Scandal Hits the Cotton Industry Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme The Air Force’s X-37B space plane could become an astronaut ambulance The Air Force’s X-37B space plane could become an astronaut ambulance By Ryan Whitwam on November 8, 2016 at 4:03 pm Comment In the event of an emergency aboard the International Space Station (ISS), astronauts take refuge inside a Russian Soyuz capsule that remains docked at the station. These vessels have been the only means of getting to and from the ISS since the Space Shuttle was discontinued several years ago. While other vehicles are in development, none of them could effectively serve as a “space ambulance.” The best archetype for that design might be the mysterious Air Force X-37B space plane. The Soyuz program is a reliable way of reaching the ISS and returning home, but it’s a little lacking in finesse. Reentering the Earth’s atmosphere in a Soyuz exposes passengers to at least 4.5G of force, and the parachute-aided landings are surprisingly violent. A study of Soyuz “hard landings” showed that minor injuries are sustained by astronauts approximately 40% of the time. Now, imagine if an astronaut were injured on the ISS. Sending them down in a Soyuz could make the situation much worse. Even the vehicles being developed by companies like SpaceX and Boeing use similar capsule designs that land with parachutes (though SpaceX is also toying with propulsive landing). They might be gentler, but the best way to transport an injured astronaut would be with a space plane. Ideally, transporting an injured crew member back to Earth should include minimal G-loads and take no longer than three hours. The Air Force’s semi-secret space plane is currently not suitable as an astronaut ambulance, but a private firm called Sierra Nevada is using the design as inspiration for its Dream Chaser space plane. The X-37B launches attached to a rocket and glides in for a landing, just like the Space Shuttle used to. This vehicle is currently in the middle of its fourth mission, which began in May 2015. This vehicle has logged millions of miles in space, proving that it’s an effective design. One notable difference is that Dream Chaser would be a piloted craft, whereas the X-37B is entirely remote. It’s smaller than you think. At the same time, former astronaut Stephen Robinson is promoting the idea that the Air Force could repurpose the X-37B design as an orbital rescue craft. Like the Dream Chaser, it would need to be a manned vehicle with a pilot as a backup for automated systems. There would be room for two passengers in addition; one patient and a medical officer. Robinson suggests that the revamped X-37B could launch to the ISS carrying cargo, then remain docked for use in the event of an emergency. Both the reimagined X37B and the Dream Chaser are just hypotheticals right now, with no firm plans to begin construction. However, as human spaceflight accelerates, we will eventually need a space plane vehicle capable of softer landings. Tagged In science space space shuttle air force x-37b soyuz Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles ET deals roundup: Save on 4K UHDTVs, laptops, and Swiss Gear before Black Friday Nov 15 Apple’s new $300 coffee table book contains 450 product photos, little else Nov 15 Can artificial intelligence solve America’s crisis of democracy? Nov 15 IBM, Nvidia release new PowerAI software suite for deep learning projects Nov 15 Electric cars and hybrids will soon have to announce their presence Nov 15 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Air Force to test laser weapons for supersonic fighter jets in 2019: Next generation 'Air Dominance' fighters could be first to use radical weapons Northrop Grumman say concept is known as NG Air Dominance Will feature laser weapons capable of tracking multiple targets Expected to be able to reach supersonic speeds  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:54 EST, 8 November 2016 | Updated: 17:40 EST, 8 November 2016 e-mail 38 shares 36 View comments Northrop Grumman is working with the U.S. Air Force to develop radical new laser weapons for supersonic fighter jets and hopes to test them in 2019, it has been revealed.  The technology, known as  'directed energy systems' will be fitted to future craft to allow them to protect themselves. The laser weapon will be housed in a pod attached to a fighter-sized aircraft.  Scroll down for video  The technology, known as 'directed energy systems' will be fitted to future craft to allow them to protect themselves. The laser weapon will be housed in a pod attached to a fighter-sized aircraft. LASER WEAPONS 'COMING SON'  Air Force bosses have boasted combat lasers will be fitted to fighters planes 'very soon' and have revealed a full scale prototype is being built. 'I believe we'll have a directed energy pod we can put on a fighter plane very soon,' Air Force General Hawk Carlisle has claimed at the Air Force Association Air & Space conference in a presentation on what he called Fifth-Generation Warfare, according to Ars Technica. 'That day is a lot closer than I think a lot of people think it is.'  The system will be tested on a tactical aircraft flying at speeds up to supersonic.  AFRL expects to begin flight testing the integrated system by 2019. 'Northrop Grumman will help the U.S. Air Force mature its plans to use directed energy systems for self-protection on current and future aircraft under a contract awarded by the Air Force Research Laboratory,' the military contractor confirmed. The contract calls for Northrop Grumman to develop and produce the beam control portion of an airborne laser weapon demonstration system that AFRL is developing under its Self-Protect High Energy Laser Demonstrator (SHiELD) Advanced Technology Demonstration (ATD) program. 'Our Northrop Grumman-led team is integrating an innovative beam director with proven beam control technologies to help the Air Force define and successfully demonstrate a laser weapon capability for current and next generation aircraft,' said W. Mark Skinner, vice president, directed energy, Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The end of jet lag? Discovery of gene that is key to setting... Now Amazon can clean your house and unpack the shopping too:... Have a stressed out spaniel or a twitchy terrier? FDA... Is YouTube killing the 'brain orgasm'? Experts say watching... Share this article Share 38 shares The beam control system characterizes the flight environment for atmospheric disturbances that could distort the laser beam, acquires and tracks incoming targets, determines an aim point for the laser, then 'shapes' and focuses the outgoing beam on the target, added Skinner.  Northrop Grumman has previously revealed a tantalising image of a new stealth 'superjet' capable of the firing laser weapons. The so called 'sixth generation fighter' is rumoured to fly at supersonic speeds, although Northrop Grumman, who are developing it, say the specifications are still secret. The stealth craft is expected to use advanced cooling systems to help disguise its laser systems.   Chris Hernandez, Northrop's vice president for research, technology and advanced design, told BreakingDefence the sixth-gem fighter will be long range because it won't have many bases to operate from overseas; it must 'carry a lot of weapons;' survivability will be key. What do those requirements and physics lead you to?  ADAM LASER DISABLES BOATS Several firms have working laser weapons, and Lockheed Martin recently showed off its laser weapon. The 30-kilowatt fibre laser called Athena burnt through the manifold in seconds, despite being fired by a team from Lockheed Martin positioned more than a mile away. The security firm said the test signifies the next step to fitting lightweight laser weapons on military aircraft, helicopters, ships and trucks. The laser, known as Athena, was built by Maryland-based security firm Lockheed Martin. During the test, the 30-kilowattfibre laser burnt through the truck’s engine (pictured) and disabled it from more a mile away Athena is based on the firm’s Area Defense Anti-Munitions (ADAM) laser weapon system. In tests off the California coast in May, Adam was used to successfully disable two boats at a range of approximately one mile (1.6km).  The high-energy laser burnt through multiple compartments of the rubber hull of the military-grade small boats in less than 30 seconds. Lockheed Martin previously demonstrated the system’s capabilities on airborne targets in flight, including small-calibre rocket targets and an unmanned aerial system target. The system can precisely track moving targets at a range of more than 3.1 miles (5km).  'This looks a lot like a baby B-2 and this is really getting into our sweet spot,' Hernandez said. Northrop Grumman has two design teams working on the new aircraft.  However, the firm would not discuss the plane's speed, saying that would have to wait for clearer direction from the Pentagon in the future. It is expected to use laser weapons - and this has caused major problems around heat.   Boeing (pictured) and Northrop Grumman are both developing concepts. As Northrop president for aerospace Tom Vice said, managing heat will be key.  'Add in all the aircraft's power and thrust systems, and you have an enormous heat challenge,' said Hernandez.  The craft is expected to be used in 2030. In April 2012, the Navy issued a formal request for information for the F/A-XX.  It calls for an air superiority fighter with multi-role capabilities to replace the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and EA-18G Growler aircraft in the 2030s, Boeing and Northrop Grumman are both developing concepts.  Lockheed Martin has been working on next-generation air dominance-related activities with the U.S. Armed Services and most recently the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to determine the best way to maintain air dominance in the post-2035 world. In October of 2012, Frank Kendall, Undersecretary of Defense, tasked DARPA to explore concepts for the next generation of air dominance.  In an attempt to break the battle space into smaller pieces, DARPA defined separate focus areas that span capabilities across the air dominance battle space. 'This decomposition may not be perfect and will most certainly be fine-tuned over time, but it does provide a logical construct for looking at the future battle space,' said Mark Jefferson, director of Next Generation Air Dominance programs at the Skunk Works. Previous reports say the superjet might even not have a pilot. According to the Pentagon, it may partially fall in the hands of artificial intelligence (AI). Reports say that both the US Navy and Air Force are planning next-generation fighters that don't have just a human pilot. Future fighter jets may have an AI co-pilot on board that can help with sensory data in addition to autonomously landing the plane on an aircraft carrier.  According to the US Naval Institute (USNI), artificial intelligence will feature prominently on the successors to the Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor. The US Navy is working on the F/A-XX and the Air Force on the F-X, with both designed to replace their predecessors by 2030 at the earliest. 'AI is going to be huge,' a US Navy official told the USNI. While the exact purpose of AI in aircraft isn't known yet, it could have a number of uses from acting as a co-pilot to carrying out autonomous landings. According to Popular Science the robotic co-pilots would be especially helpful for aircraft carriers, which are difficult to land on. Recently the Navy's X-47B experimental drone landed autonomously on an aircraft, demonstrating the usefulness of AI in such a situation. AI could also help with something known as advanced sensor fusion. This involves combining data from various sensors to get a more accurate reading of a situation or location. The Navy and Air Force are also hoping to get help from industry experts in Silicon Valley to aid them in the design of such sixth-generation fighters.    Read more: Northrop Unveils Sixth Gen Fighter Concept « Breaking Defense - Defense industry news, analysis and commentary Share or comment on this article e-mail 38 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (36) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion Making a tidy profit too 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit as they attend Fantastic Beasts premiere  Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Don't book 'em! Gossip Girl actress Tika Sumpter outraged after her mom is arrested for $10 LIBRARY FINE - even though she already returned the book Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Now THAT'S luxury: 244ft-long superyacht comes with a detachable beach house and 2-person drone 76 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 16, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Berlin’s wild charms make it first choice for Syrian artists Erdogan helps Turkish actor ask for Moroccan beauty queen’s hand in marriage Japanese actor Mifune honored with star in Hollywood ‘The Rock’ talks a future in politics, including potential White House run Lindsay Lohan invites US President-elect Trump to visit Syria and Turkey with her AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Saudi Arabia Saudi media visits largest aircraft museum Saudi Arabia Saudi media visits largest aircraft museum Nov 9, 2016 569 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter 1 of 5 JEDDAH — The Saudi Arabian Airlines organized a trip to Seattle’s Museum of Flight, the largest educational museum on flight and aviation in the world, for media personnel. “The museum showcases all kinds of aircrafts and their development throughout history. There are sailplanes, wooden planes, jet aircrafts and space aircrafts. The fastest plane in history is the M-21, which was made in 1960. Its speed can reach up to 2,200 miles per hour,” said a source. The source also said only two models of the M-21 were made. “The plane can fly up to 80,000 feet high surpassing rockets in speed and height. The museum also has old military aircrafts and the kind of battles and wars the aircrafts were used in. There was also a section on astronauts and the kind of training they go through and equipment they use in their missions,” said the source. The source added the most contributing aircrafts manufacturing company to the museum is the Boeing Company. “The Saudi Arabian Airlines will be receiving 10 B777-300ER airplanes manufactured by Boeing Company. The company contributed small and large aircrafts to the museum along with the story behind each aircraft. The company also made the airplane that was led by Paul Tibbets, the American pilot who flew the aircraft that dropped the first atomic bomb in Hiroshima in 1945,” said the source. The source added the company contributed more than 150 historical aircrafts to the museum. “Seattle is located in Washington State in the United States. It is the biggest city northwest of the US. The city overlooks the Pacific Ocean and has a lot of trade relations with Asian countries. The city is known for its greenery and for having giant companies and known universities such as Washington University,” said the source. The source also said the city has giant companies such as Microsoft, The Boeing Aircrafts Manufacturing Company, Amazon and Starbucks. The city was named after a Native American chief who’s name was pronounced “see-ahlsh” but it was difficult for English settlers who came to the area in 1851 to pronounce it, so they Anglicized it to Seattle. Seattle is only 113 miles away from the Canadian border. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS aircraft museum Media SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSiddle joins Australia’s injury list, ruled out of 2nd Test Next articleWoman pushed to her death in front of oncoming NYC train Dona Paranayil RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Why are social media websites targeting Saudi youth? The message has not reached! Media NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,484,174FansLike 41,072FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King receives message from Algerian president Nov 16, 2016 Crown Prince: Beef up efforts to fight sexual exploitation of children Nov 16, 2016 Arab League role important: King Nov 16, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince stresses more coordination to confront challenges Nov 16, 2016 Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Nov 16, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska United Reports October 2016 Operational Performance News provided by United Airlines Nov 08, 2016, 16:15 ET Share this article CHICAGO, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- United Airlines (UAL) today reported October 2016 operational results. UAL's October 2016 consolidated traffic (revenue passenger miles) increased 0.6 percent and consolidated capacity (available seat miles) increased 1.8 percent versus October 2015. UAL's October 2016 consolidated load factor decreased 1.0 point compared to October 2015. The company continues to expect fourth-quarter 2016 consolidated passenger unit revenue to decline 4.0 to 6.0 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. The year-over-year performance is driven primarily by yield weakness and the timing of certain holidays. About United United Airlines and United Express operate more than 4,500 flights a day to 339 airports across five continents. In 2015, United and United Express operated more than 1.5 million flights carrying more than 140 million customers. United is proud to have the world's most comprehensive route network, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. United operates more than 720 mainline aircraft, and this year, the airline anticipates taking delivery of 21 new Boeing aircraft, including 737NGs, 787s and 777s, as well as six used Airbus A319 aircraft. The airline is a founding member of Star Alliance, which provides service to 192 countries via 28 member airlines. For more information, visit united.com, follow @United on Twitter or connect on Facebook. The common stock of United's parent, United Continental Holdings, Inc., is traded on the NYSE under the symbol UAL. Preliminary Operational Results  October Year-to-Date 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change  REVENUE PASSENGER MILES (000) Domestic 8,450,289 8,258,786 2.3% 79,737,249 78,162,422 2.0% International 7,256,058 7,205,523 0.7% 76,542,297 76,473,877 0.1% Atlantic 3,126,986 3,289,326 (4.9%) 31,043,937 32,390,565 (4.2%) Pacific 2,856,346 2,712,891 5.3% 28,421,722 28,071,183 1.2% Latin 1,272,726 1,203,306 5.8% 17,076,638 16,012,129 6.6% Mainline 15,706,347 15,464,309 1.6% 156,279,546 154,636,299 1.1% Regional 2,046,586 2,181,245 (6.2%) 20,244,332 20,902,235 (3.1%) Consolidated 17,752,933 17,645,554 0.6% 176,523,878 175,538,534 0.6% AVAILABLE SEAT MILES (000) Domestic 9,833,717 9,462,051 3.9% 92,959,098 90,433,037 2.8% International 9,262,525 9,093,098 1.9% 95,388,975 94,296,790 1.2% Atlantic 4,146,215 4,101,355 1.1% 40,779,188 40,557,478 0.5% Pacific 3,617,445 3,489,221 3.7% 34,362,410 34,256,238 0.3% Latin 1,498,865 1,502,522 (0.2%) 20,247,377 19,483,074 3.9% Mainline 19,096,242 18,555,149 2.9% 188,348,073 184,729,827 2.0% Regional 2,439,923 2,598,182 (6.1%) 24,260,063 25,122,788 (3.4%) Consolidated 21,536,165 21,153,331 1.8% 212,608,136 209,852,615 1.3% PASSENGER LOAD FACTOR Domestic 85.9% 87.3% (1.4) pts 85.8% 86.4% (0.6) pts International 78.3% 79.2% (0.9) pts 80.2% 81.1% (0.9) pts Atlantic 75.4% 80.2% (4.8) pts 76.1% 79.9% (3.8) pts Pacific 79.0% 77.8% 1.2 pts 82.7% 81.9% 0.8 pts Latin 84.9% 80.1% 4.8 pts 84.3% 82.2% 2.1 pts Mainline 82.2% 83.3% (1.1) pts 83.0% 83.7% (0.7) pts Regional 83.9% 84.0% (0.1) pts 83.4% 83.2% 0.2 pts Consolidated 82.4% 83.4% (1.0) pt 83.0% 83.6% (0.6) pts ONBOARD PASSENGERS (000) Mainline 8,829 8,354 5.7% 84,246 80,512 4.6% Regional 3,656 3,868 (5.5%) 35,393 36,927 (4.2%) Consolidated 12,485 12,222 2.2% 119,639 117,439 1.9% CARGO REVENUE TON MILES (000) Total 274,804 232,766 18.1% 2,289,659 2,167,739 5.6% Note: See Part II, Item 6 Selected Financial Data of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for the definition of these statistics Fourth Quarter Preliminary Fuel Costs Per Gallon Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including operating cash-settled hedges1 $1.56 - $1.61    Operating cash-settled hedge loss price per gallon ($0.02) Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, excluding hedges $1.54 - $1.59 Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including operating cash-settled hedges1 $1.56 - $1.61    Non-operating cash-settled hedge loss price per gallon2 $0.00 Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including all cash-settled hedges3 $1.56 - $1.61 1This price per gallon corresponds to fuel expense in UAL's income statement 2This price per gallon corresponds to the impact of non-operating hedges that appear in non-operating expense in the income statement 3This price per gallon corresponds to the total economic cost of the company's fuel consumption including all cash-settled hedges but does not directly correspond to fuel expense in UAL's income statement  Preliminary Operational Results 2016 2015 Change October On-Time Performance4 69.5% 65.5% 4.0 pts October Completion Factor5 98.9% 99.1% (0.2) pts 4Based on consolidated scheduled flights arriving on or before scheduled arrival time 5Consolidated completion percentage   Safe Harbor Statement Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Certain statements included in this investor update are forward-looking and thus reflect our current expectations and beliefs with respect to certain current and future events and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements are and will be subject to many risks and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Words such as "expects," "will," "plans," "anticipates," "indicates," "believes," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Additionally, forward-looking statements include statements that do not relate solely to historical facts, such as statements which identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of current known trends or uncertainties or which indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. All forward-looking statements in this investor update are based upon information available to us on the date of this investor update. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: our ability to comply with the terms of our various financing arrangements; the costs and availability of financing; our ability to maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to execute our operational plans and revenue-generating initiatives, including optimizing our revenue; our ability to control our costs, including realizing benefits from our resource optimization efforts, revenue-generating initiatives, cost reduction initiatives and fleet replacement programs; our ability to utilize our net operating losses; our ability to attract and retain customers; demand for transportation in the markets in which we operate; an outbreak of a disease that affects travel demand or travel behavior; demand for travel and the impact that global economic conditions have on customer travel patterns; excessive taxation and the inability to offset future taxable income; general economic conditions (including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, investment or credit market conditions, crude oil prices, costs of aircraft fuel and energy refining capacity in relevant markets); economic and political instability and other risks of doing business globally; our ability to cost-effectively hedge against increases in the price of aircraft fuel; any potential realized or unrealized gains or losses related to fuel or currency hedging programs; the effects of any hostilities, act of war or terrorist attack; the ability of other air carriers with whom we have alliances or partnerships to provide the services contemplated by the respective arrangements with such carriers; disruptions to our regional network; the costs and availability of aviation and other insurance; industry consolidation or changes in airline alliances; competitive pressures on pricing and on demand; our capacity decisions and the capacity decisions of our competitors; U.S. or foreign governmental legislation, regulation and other actions (including open skies agreements and environmental regulations); the impact of regulatory, investigative and legal proceedings and legal compliance risks; the impact of any management changes; labor costs; our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations and the results of the collective bargaining agreement process with our union groups; any disruptions to operations due to any potential actions by our labor groups; weather conditions; and other risks and uncertainties set forth under Part I, Item 1A., "Risk Factors," of UAL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130404/MM89155LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-reports-october-2016-operational-performance-300359325.html SOURCE United Airlines Related Links http://www.united.com Nov 14, 2016, 10:45 ET Preview: United Airlines Further Improves Airport Security Experience with the Opening of Automated Screening Lanes at Chicago O'Hare Oct 26, 2016, 10:15 ET Preview: United Airlines and Clean the World Partner to Assemble Hygiene Kits For Hub-Based Charities My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07:30 ETUnited Sets Course To Be Best Airline For Employees, Customers,... Nov 14, 2016, 10:45 ETUnited Airlines Further Improves Airport Security Experience with... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: United Reports October 2016 Operational Performance News provided by United Airlines Nov 08, 2016, 16:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Check out Donald Trump's $100 million personal Boeing airliner Benjamin Zhang Nov. 8, 2016, 9:38 AM 2,528,712 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP As Donald Trump's improbable campaign for the White House winds down, the controversial billionaire will jet to New York on Tuesday where he will await the results of this historic election. Unlike most presidential candidates, "The Donald" actually owns the Boeing 757-200 airliner-turned-private-jet that has deputized as his campaign plane. "Trump Force One" — as some have dubbed the jet — has been one of the most visible symbols of his run for the Oval Office. Trump likes to call it the "T-Bird," according to a Discovery Channel documentary featuring the plane. According the documentary, Trump's Boeing 757 cost a whopping $100 million. Admittedly, that number seems a bit exaggerated when compared to market prices. The Republican presidential candidate has owned the Boeing airliner — registration N757FA — since 2011 and has customized the aircraft to his liking. Have a closer look at Donald Trump's personal Boeing 757-200 jet: View As: One Page Slides While Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, ... AP ... Democratic vice-presidential candidate Tim Kaine, and AP ... Republican vice-presidential candidate Mike Pence were flying around in rented campaign planes... AP ... "The Donald" was jet setting around America in his private Boeing 757-200. AP Although Trump may be the jet's current owner, he wasn't its first. AP Trump's Boeing 757-2J4ER first flew in May 1991. The new airliner was delivered to Sterling Airlines, a now defunct Danish low-cost carrier. A couple of years later, it found its way into the fleet of Mexico's TAESA, also a now defunct airline. Flickr/Aero Icarus Sources: Federal Aviation Administration, Airfleets.net In 1995, the jet was bought by Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen. For the next 15 years, the Boeing served as a corporate runabout for the billionaire's various interests. Getty Images Sources: Airfleets.net, FlightAware In 2011, Trump took delivery of the then 20-year-old jet and added his personal touches — at great expense. AP Source: Airfleets.net The current 757 took the place of Trump's former plane, a Boeing 727 built in 1969. Flickr/IowaPolitics.com The Boeing 757 is powered by a pair of Rolls-Royce RB211 turbofan engines. YouTube/Trump Source: FAA The Rolls-Royce engines are a feature Trump was very keen to have on his plane. AP Source: YouTube Although it's not the most fuel-efficient engine in the world, it is incredibly powerful. In fact, it's earned the 757 a reputation among pilots for being a bit of a hot rod. YouTube/Trump Up front, the Boeing is outfitted with a modern "glass cockpit." YouTube/Trump In airline operations, the Boeing 757-200 can carry as many as 239 passengers, but Trump's plane is configured for only 43. YouTube/Trump It has all of the features you'd expect Donald Trump to enjoy, such as ... YouTube/Trump ... a silk-lined master bedroom equipped with ... YouTube/Trump ... a big-screen entertainment system ... YouTube/Trump ... a master bath with 24-karat-gold fixtures and ... YouTube/Trump ... a shower! In total, the plane is equipped with two bedrooms. YouTube/Trump In fact, virtually every fixture in the plane is 24-karat-gold plated — even the seat belts! YouTube/Trump The plane's headrests and pillows are embroidered with the Trump family crest. YouTube/Trump Trump's guests also travel in style. YouTube/Trump There's a dining room. YouTube/Trump The seats have personal entertainment systems and convert into beds. YouTube/Trump There's also a private guest room ... YouTube/Trump ... with another entertainment system. YouTube/Trump But if you want to watch something communally, then there's the main lounge, with its 57-inch screen TV and access to 1,000 movies. YouTube/Trump Everything is controlled by touch screen — even access to "The Donald's" DVR. YouTube/Trump If you get hungry, there's also a galley. YouTube/Trump Although Trump's 25-year-old Boeing is no spring chicken, it's nonetheless a very impressive private jet. YouTube/Trump Here's a complete video tour of the plane from Trump's YouTube channel: SEE ALSO: Here are the 10 fastest police cars in America More: Features Donald Trump Boeing Private Jets Paul Allen Politics BITranspo airliner facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Check out Donald Trump's $100 million personal Boeing airliner Check out Donald Trump's $100 million personal Boeing airliner As Donald Trump's improbable campaign for the... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
The Monitor :: Botswana Hosts AFCAC Meetings
 Home Mmegi The Monitor Blogs Full Picture beMobile Premiership Naledi Archives Banners Banners Banners Banners Banners Last Updated Tuesday 15 November 2016, 17:06 pm. Advertising Contact Us Home News Business Features Editorial Opinion & Analysis World Lifestyle Sport Selefu Naledi Banners The Monitor News Botswana Hosts AFCAC Meetings Botswana Hosts AFCAC Meetings Botswana will host the 26th Extraordinary Plenary Session of the African Civil Aviation Commission (AFCAC) in Gaborone from Thursday to Friday. By Staff Writer Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:05 pm (GMT +2) Tweet Comments Email Share The Monitor :: Botswana Hosts AFCAC Meetings From: (Your Name) * From: (Your Email)* Friend1 Name: * Email: * Friend2 Name: Email: Friend3 Name: Email: Anti-Spam * Type this CASE SENSITIVE anti-spam security code into the field below The Plenary session will be preceded by the 14th Air Transport Committee meeting from November 7 to 8 and the 17th Meeting of the Technical Committee on November 9. The Civil Aviation Authority of Botswana (CAAB) which is the host, said they expect some 200 delegates being Directors General of Civil Aviation and Aviation experts from the 54 Member states of AFCAC and the AU and partner organisations for this week-long meetings. In addition, the meetings will be attended by regional and international bodies such as the African Airlines Association and the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), including industry stakeholders such as Boeing. The meetings, according to CAAB, will discuss among others, the improvement of key industry values such as good governance and best practices, transparency and accountability, professionalism and integrity, and a safe and just culture across the African aviation landscape. The agendas will vary depending on the particular meeting, and will cover topics such Banners as Aviation Safety and Security, Environment, Air Transport, Legal and Africa-wide aviation policies. AFCAC was  created in 1964 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia by the Constitutional Conference convened by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and the then Organisation of African Unity (OAU) (now African Union- AU) . AFCAC became operational in 1969. On May 11 1978, it became an OAU Specialised Agency in the field of civil aviation.  AFCAC is managed through a triennial Plenary (consisting of all member States). The Bureau is made up of a President, five Vice-Presidents representing Northern, Western, Eastern, Central and Southern Africa regions) elected for a period of three years, including  the Coordinator of the African Group at the ICAO Council. Botswana currently represents the Southern African region in the AFCAC Bureau. The Secretariat is headed by a Secretary General. AFCAC’s vision is to “foster a safe, secure, efficient, cost-effective, sustainable and environmentally friendly Civil Aviation industry in Africa”. Tweet Comments Email Share Banners Banners Banners News Mon 07 Nov 2016, 18:00 pm Masisi Parades Opposition Defectors In Moshupa Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:36 pm Khama Spies On UDC Talks Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:36 pm Khama Is Now Gossip Mongering  Saleshando Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:10 pm Tshekedi, Botsalo Snub Masisis Victory Celebrations Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:09 pm Moswaanes Campaign Agent Plunders His House Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:07 pm Three Investors Show Interest On BCL Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:05 pm Botswana Hosts AFCAC Meetings Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:04 pm Negotiations For Morupule B Sale Start Mon 07 Nov 2016, 17:03 pm Distell Amplifies Scottish Leader Mon 07 Nov 2016, 16:59 pm Stakeholders, Educationists Encouraged To Join SAQAN Mon 07 Nov 2016, 16:57 pm No More C Passes Next Year, Setlalekgosi Mon 31 Oct 2016, 18:00 pm Mokaila To Slash Transport Fares Vows To Stop Importation Of Fongkong Cars Mon 31 Oct 2016, 17:06 pm Botswana Advised To Back Down On New Public Service Bill Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:56 pm Domkgrag Retains Kalakamati Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:43 pm Mookane To Produce Next Mahotella Queens Singers Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:41 pm Fortune Smiles On Ipelegeng Hustler Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:39 pm Youth, Women Top Kenewendos Agenda Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:38 pm Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:37 pm Illegal Mining Hits Botswana Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:34 pm Molepolole School Wins Parmalat Pack Collection Competition Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:31 pm Alleged FSSS Student Murderer On The Run Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:25 pm BONU Dumps BOPEU Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:21 pm Charma Gal Rises From the Ashes Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:03 pm Use Those Tractors To Fight Poverty  PHK Mon 24 Oct 2016, 18:00 pm Bangwaketse reject Bathoen trust audit Banners Banners Exchange Rates FOREIGN EXCHANGE: Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 FOREIGN / PULA PULA / FOREIGN 1 USD = Pula   10.8460 1 GBP = Pula   13.5318 1 EUR = Pula   11.6550 1 YEN = Pula   0.1003 1 ZAR = Pula   0.7573 1 Pula = USD   0.0922 1 Pula = GBP   0.0739 1 Pula = EUR   0.0858 1 Pula = YEN   9.97 1 Pula = ZAR   1.3205 have a story? Send us a Tip *Anti-spam (case sensitive) Banners Masa Centre ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange Hell or High Water The Accountant Riverwalk ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange The Accountant Gamecity ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange The Accountant Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Boo! A Madea Halloween Win Movie Tickets Selefu Banners Banners © 2013 - Dikgang Publishing Company Mmegi News Business Features Editorial Opinion World Lifestyle Sport Selefu The Monitor News Business Features Editorial Opinion World Lifestyle Sport Selefu Travel & Tourism Features Attractions & Activities Food Gallery Contact Us Blogs Policy & Society Business Life Style Sport Technology Multimedia Videos Photos Advertising Online Advertising Print Advertising Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feeds  
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1949 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Snake on a plane! Priority landing after reptile dangled from bin A snake created a scare for passengers on a flight in Mexico on Sunday. Post to Facebook Snake on a plane! Priority landing after reptile dangled from bin A snake created a scare for passengers on a flight in Mexico on Sunday.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fxzBHQ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Snake on a plane! Priority landing after reptile dangled from bin Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 8:54 a.m. EST November 9, 2016 2.8k Shares Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Cell phone video captured on an AeroMexico flight snows a live snake slithering from a baggage compartment. (Nov. 7) AP Someone call Samuel L. Jackson. A snake created a scare for passengers on a flight in Mexico on Sunday, leading to the inevitable association with the "Snakes on a Plane" movie that gained fame with Jackson as a starring actor. Passengers on Aeromexico Flight 231 got the real-life "Snake on a Plane" treatment Sunday. The unwelcome surprise came on a flight to Mexico City from Torreon in Mexico’s north. Aeromexico typically flies that flight on an Embraer E190 aircraft, according to its website. A passenger captured video of the reptile squirming from one of the aircraft’s overhead storage bins, with the snake appearing to be fall down into the cabin toward the end of the short video. A second video from the plane (via YouTube) showed passengers moving away from the snake as it dangled from the bin area. BOOKMARK: Bookmark Today in the Sky homepage for your daily fix of aviation news USA TODAY March #avgeek gallery: 30 cool aviation photos It was difficult to tell the exact size of the snake from the video, though a report in the Houston Chronicle put it at 5 feet. UPI reports that the snake – thought to be a venomous green viper, according to the wire service – eventually fell into a seating area while the plane was still in flight. What happened next? The Star-Telegram of Fort Worth says "flight attendants notified the pilot, who organized an emergency landing at the plane’s destination." Aeromexico released a statement to The Associated Press acknowledging the plane was given priority landing in Mexico City, where workers then "secured the reptile." Here's our official position regarding the incident aboard flight AM-231.#Quetzalcoatlhttps://t.co/eq1ckgcA9L— Aeromexico (@AeromexicoUSA) November 8, 2016 “The procedures carried out for this flight are currently being evaluated to determine how the animal entered the cabin and measures have been taken to avoid such incidents in the future,” Aeromexico added in a statement to CNN. Indalecio Medina, the passenger who posted the video to Twitter, is quoted by UPI as saying he captured the snake in a blanket and "gave it some magazines to read." It was a "unique experience," Medina added. USA TODAY World's strangest-looking airplane? A closer look at the Airbus 'Beluga' FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at the Airbus 'Beluga' super transport aircraft  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga aircraft is loaded with wings at the Airbus wing assembly factory Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen A bird flies past the nose of an Airbus Beluga aircraft, loaded with wings, as it takes off from the Airbus wing assembly factory in Broughton, United Kingdom, on Nov. 7, 2013.  Christopher Furlong, Getty Images Fullscreen This image provided by Airbus shows a Beluga aircraft.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provide by Airbus shows a Beluga being loaded with cargo.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Airbus Beluga performed its first flight on Sept. 13, 1994, and subsequently entered service in January 1996.  Airbus Fullscreen The first vertical tail fin for China Southern Airlines’ initial A380 arrived at the A380 final assembly line in Toulouse, France, via a Beluga as seen in this 2010 photo provided by Airbus.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen This image provided by Airbus shows its Beluga planes.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is towed at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provided by Airbus shows a Beluga in flight.  Airbus Fullscreen Crews prep a Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews prep a Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga is seen taxiing beyond commercial aircraft at the Toulouse–Blagnac Airport in France on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This photo provide by Airbus shows a Beluga being loaded with cargo.  Airbus Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Blagnac, France, on April 28, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga at Airbus' assembly line facilities in Hamburg, Germany, on April 29, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen This photo provided by Airbus shows a Beluga in flight.  Airbus Fullscreen A photo provided by Airbus shows one of its 'Beluga' A300-600ST transport planes.  Airbus Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 39 2 of 39 3 of 39 4 of 39 5 of 39 6 of 39 7 of 39 8 of 39 9 of 39 10 of 39 11 of 39 12 of 39 13 of 39 14 of 39 15 of 39 16 of 39 17 of 39 18 of 39 19 of 39 20 of 39 21 of 39 22 of 39 23 of 39 24 of 39 25 of 39 26 of 39 27 of 39 28 of 39 29 of 39 30 of 39 31 of 39 32 of 39 33 of 39 34 of 39 35 of 39 36 of 39 37 of 39 38 of 39 39 of 39 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide This file photo shows a venomous West African Green Mamba snake.  (Photo: AFP/Getty Images) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fxzBHQ Most Popular She's only 27, but she's about to do something most never will 663 Shares Readers' Choice: Miles-and-points winners 100 Shares 10 great city skylines around the world 261 Shares Nixon Library reboots for a new generation 316 Shares American history: 10 cities that will take you back in time 58 Shares Name that airport ... 64 Shares

Follow Us:   Today's Edition | Thursday , November 10 , 2016 |   In Today's Paper Front Page Nation Calcutta Foreign Business Sports Horse Racing t2 T2 Online Opinion SPONSORED Property NEW Cities & Regions Metro North Bengal Northeast Jharkhand Bihar Odisha Weekly Features Knowhow Mon You Mon Salt Lake Fri 7days Sun Graphiti Sun Leisure Sudoku Sudoku New Crossword Jumble Gallery Archives Since 1 March, 1999 Press Releases Businesswire India NewsVoir PR Newswire Extras Travel The Telegraph About Us Advertise Feedback Contact Us Front Page > Nation > Story Lens on Make-in-India projects for defence SUJAN DUTTA New Delhi, Oct. 9: How Trumpism and Moditva meet will be illustrated by the turn India-US defence relations take after the new President of America takes over in January. Probably the most visible aspect of the overall bilateral relationship in the last decade between New Delhi and Washington has been in the arena of military-to-military ties. So far, the relationship has had bipartisan support irrespective of changes in governments: since the time the NDA under Atal Bihari Vajpayee made way for two UPA administrations under Manmohan Singh and then to the NDA under Narendra Modi. In the meanwhile, the successive administrations of George Bush (Republican) and Barack Obama (Democrat) have pushed forward the relationship with Obama and Modi overriding concerns in India to clinch the Logistics Exchange Memorandum of Agreement (LEMOA) this August. US ambassador to India Richard Verma was seeking to highlight the bipartisan support when he said this afternoon after Donald Trump's victory: "The ties that bind our two countries together are built on our shared democratic values, and go beyond the friendship of the American President and the Indian Prime Minister. They go beyond the economic and people-to-people ties. The US-India relationship is vitally important, it is bipartisan, and it is only growing stronger. Here's to another four years of robust US-India Dosti." The military-to-military ties have expanded in the field of exercises. The Malabar series of naval exercises has not only grown more complex but expanded to include Japan. The Yudh Abhyas series between the armies has also been institutionalised and expanded. Indian Air Force contingents have twice participated in the USAF's Red Flag series - said to be the largest for fighter pilots - involving many other friendly countries twice. Many of the deployments for the exercises - particularly the Malabar series for which the US has often deployed aircraft carriers - have been dependent on the US Pacific Command's engagement in waters around and near India. These in turn had increased with Obama's "Asia Pivot" policy that has seen an increased redeployment of US military assets in the region that has often been referred to as the "Indo-Pacific". The "Asia Pivot" was also explained as a rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region after a decade of heavy military involvement in West Asia from Iraq and Afghanistan. In election campaign-mode, Trump had promised to focus increasingly on economic growth within the US while reducing US engagements across the world. Coincidentally, it is also over the same period of extended US engagements that India has concluded more than $10 billion contracts for US weapons and systems for its armed forces. Last year alone, India contracted more than Rs 80,000 crore of contracts for US weapons. This military trade, boosted by the signing of the LEMOA this August, has often so enthused defence planners that there have also been suggestions that India should consider a military relationship with the US that would find a historical parallel in the ties that India and the erstwhile Soviet Union forged after a 1971 Indira Gandhi-Leonid Brezhnev treaty of friendship. That had made India overwhelmingly dependent on Soviet arms, a fact it has been trying to shift course on since the year 2000. But it is in the area of producing weapons and systems in India that New Delhi will be watching where a Trump administration takes the US. Trump has won the elections after advocating a series of Right-wing policies, one of which is that he will not allow American jobs to be taken away. Modi is seeking to align defence production in the country to a "Make in India" policy. Following that, US companies Boeing and Lockheed Martin have offered to transfer production lines for the Super Hornet F/A 18 and the F-17 Block 70 Fighting Falcon wholesale to India, should New Delhi choose one of the aircraft for the requirement projected by the IAF. Even if the offers have been made to India closer to the end of the development cycle of the aircraft, they would still require the US government's backing for the companies to make and execute such an offer. The risk is that would mean a curtailment of jobs in the US facilities and which could be interpreted by Trump's critics to show that he was not being true to his promises. But early signals from the Trump camp indicate that the President-elect is favourably disposed towards continuing and strengthening the defence relationship. "We (a Trump administration) would be looking to strengthen not just the cultural and economic aspect, but also on the defence side there is so much common ground with India. At a time when India's foreign policy is changing because of China and Pakistan, because of Islamic terrorism, we need to be there to greet them with open arms. I think, the Trump administration is ready to do that," PTI quoted Alexander Gray, a military adviser and author of several of the ambitious defence policies of Trump, as saying. Ongoing Indian military contracts to the US include aircraft such as the P8I maritime surveillance planes, C-130J Hercules special missions planes, Harpoon anti-submarine missiles, C-17 Globemaster III strategic transport aircraft, 22 Apache attack and 15 Chinook heavy lift helicopters. A contract for M777 ultra-light howitzers is in the final stages.  More stories in Nation 'Deplorables' have their day ...and some who tried but could not halt the march Hillary greets Donald What will you think of me, a fat, old, blob of an Indian woman? 'I won't cry for Hillary' Modi's Operation Cash Hush Tech town cautious but hopeful Victory shadow on Paris pact BJP's twin links to Trump For Delhi, cheer on Russia and Pak but worry on China Temple twist    Copyright © 2016 The Telegraph. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Defense stocks rocket higher as Trump victory, GOP sweep spur spending hopes By Tomi Kilgore Published: Nov 9, 2016 4:48 p.m. ET Share A number of stocks skyrocket to record highs Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Defense stocks surged Wednesday, with a number of them running up to record highs, as Donald Trump’s election victory and the Republican sweep of Congress spurred hopes of increased spending. The iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense exchange-traded fund ITA, -0.63%  powered up 4.3% to a record close, with 34 of 37 equity components trading higher. That outperformed the broader stock market, as the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.75%  rose 1.1% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  tacked on 1.4%. See Market Snapshot. Among the companies with the largest market capitalizations, shares of Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, -1.46%  surged 5.4%, General Dynamics Corp. GD, -1.28%  ran up 5.4% and Raytheon Co. RTN, -1.63%  climbed 7.5%, with closing at all-time highs. “Defense stocks should outperform in what’s likely a tough day in the markets after an election upset,” analyst Jason Gursky at Citigroup wrote in a note to clients. “Why? Because President-elect Trump and the GOP Congress [will] very likely undo sequester, unshackling military spending.” Elsewhere, shares of Boeing Co. BA, -1.25%  gained 2%, United Technologies Corp. UTX, -0.17%  added 1.4%, Lockheed Martin Co. LMT, -0.49%  rallied 6%, Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, -0.43%  advanced 2% and L-3 Communications Holdings Ltd. LLL, -1.13%  shot up 7.7%. World leaders react to Trump victory(2:41) As Russian President Vladimir Putin was among the first to congratulate Donald Trump on his startling election victory, leaders in Europe, NATO and China offered a cautious welcome, calling for the continuation of working relations with the U.S. Photo: Getty Images The sector had been in limbo in the months leading up to the election, with the aerospace & defense ETF trading in a relatively narrow range of $126.07 to $132.73 the past three months. There was some concern that if Democrats won control of the Senate, whether Trump or Hillary Clinton won the election, that military spending would be more difficult to push through Congress. Don’t miss: This map shows election results from every state, county “We’ll let the politicians figure out how to pay for it all without blowing out the debt, but a GOP sweep was the best outcome for defense in this election,” Gursky wrote. More from MarketWatch The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Clinton, Obama, Ryan, McConnell React to Trump Win Amy Adams Communicates With Aliens in 'Arrival' Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: ITA $140.70 -0.89 (-0.63%) Volume 603.2K Open $142.10 High $142.17 Low $139.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.02 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) Volume 684.0M Open 2,168 High 2,181 Low 2,166 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $247.45 -3.67 (-1.46%) Volume 1.8M Open $251.29 High $251.88 Low $246.11 P/E Ratio 21.11 Div Yield 1.45 Market Cap 43.6B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $168.02 -2.17 (-1.28%) Volume 2.5M Open $169.97 High $170.82 Low $166.37 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 1.81 Market Cap 51.3B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $147.29 -2.44 (-1.63%) Volume 2.4M Open $150.13 High $151.10 Low $146.66 P/E Ratio 19.66 Div Yield 1.99 Market Cap 43.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $107.68 -0.18 (-0.17%) Volume 3.7M Open $107.85 High $108.02 Low $106.66 P/E Ratio 70.84 Div Yield 2.45 Market Cap 89.6B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $265.93 -1.31 (-0.49%) Volume 1.9M Open $268.79 High $269.74 Low $261.85 P/E Ratio 20.85 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 75.9B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $88.33 -0.38 (-0.43%) Volume 1.6M Open $88.51 High $88.51 Low $87.05 P/E Ratio 16 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap 12.7B L-3 Communications Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LLL $151.50 -1.73 (-1.13%) Volume 925.9K Open $153.67 High $154.44 Low $150.14 P/E Ratio 40.87 Div Yield 1.85 Market Cap 11.7B LatestNews
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. arms export boom under Obama seen continuing with Trump By Reuters Published: 16:00 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 16:00 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail By Mike Stone and Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON, Nov 9 (Reuters) - U.S. defense contractors, which saw international sales rise strongly under President Barack Obama's administration, can expect a continued boom in arms exports under Donald Trump, aided by persistent security risks in the Middle East and rising tensions in Asia and Europe. Shares of major defense contractors, including Raytheon Co. , Northrop Grumman Corp and General Dynamics hit lifetime highs, on Wednesday as investors bet on higher Pentagon spending under Trump, who has vowed a massive build-up of the U.S. military even as he pledges to reduce foreign entanglements. While Trump has frequently made contradictory statements when it comes to foreign policy, he has repeatedly called on allies in Europe and East Asia to pay more for their own defense. Defense experts say that could benefit the domestic industry as Trump is expected to keep supporting the supply of U.S. arms exports to allies to help them build up their own defense capabilities. "From the U.S. side it would be us equipping them to do that," said Roman Schweizer an analyst at Cowan & Co. That would also fit with Trump's plan to stimulate the domestic economy by boosting U.S. manufacturing jobs. A Trump administration will have "more openness to selling weapons to our allies and partners. It's business friendly, it plays to the U.S. manufacturing base," said Mark Cancian, senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. U.S. arms exports, measured by production costs, grew 54 percent in 2015 from 2008, the year before President Barack Obama took office, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. That represents the highest growth for any administration since the Truman and Eisenhower presidencies following World War Two. The boom was fueled by consistent lobbying by the Obama administration for arms deals, its policy of arming and training proxy groups in conflicts, and by budget constraints at home that prompted arms makers to look abroad for sales. In 2015, the U.S. accounted for 36 percent of worlds arms exports, the Stockholm Institute's data shows, followed by Russia at 12 percent. That marked an increase in the U.S. share from 28 percent in 2008. In fiscal 2015, U.S. arms sales to foreign governments exceeded $47 billion, up 36 percent from around $34 billion a year earlier, according to the Department of Defense. Saudi Arabia, Australia, Iraq, Korea and Taiwan -- all considered U.S. allies -- were the top five recipients of U.S. weapons in the year ended September 2015. GLOBAL CONFLICTS Trump has never spelled out how he would deploy additional manpower for the U.S. military, such as 60,000 more Army troops, as many as 10,000 more Marines, and dozens of new Navy ships and fighter jets. Independent cost estimates for his plan range from $150 billion to $900 billion in additional spending over 10 years, which could be achieved only by raising the federal budget deficit, raising taxes or making large cuts in spending programs such as healthcare benefits for older Americans. None of these is politically popular, and raising the deficit would face fierce resistance from the deficit-fighting Freedom Caucus wing of the Republican Party. Trump's lack of national security credentials and scarce detail about his possible advisors also make it difficult to assess his impact on foreign policy. Nevertheless, analysts say his call for a stronger U.S. military against the backdrop of rising global conflicts, bodes well for strong revenues. "I think that foreign military sales would absolutely go up, or at the very least stay at its current level," said Franklin Turner, co-leader of law firm McCarter English's government contracts & export controls practice. "I can't imagine that the world becomes a less violent place." Raytheon Co, the maker of Tomahawk missiles, said its international business will continue to grow regardless of the change of administration. During the 2008-2015 period, its international sales grew 55 percent to $7.15 billion. "Raytheon has been in business for over 90 years, over the time we have obviously worked with presidents from both parties," Chief Financial Officer Toby O'Brien told Reuters in an interview. Lockheed Martin Corp, the Pentagon's No.1 contractor known for its Hellfire missiles and F-35 fighter jets, increased international sales by 74 percent during Obama's presidency to $9.5 billion in 2015. Boeing Co's international defense sales rose 28 percent in the last five years to $9.4 billion in 2015, while Northrop Grumman Corp's foreign sales grew 60 percent over the same period to $3.3 billion. There are two major ways foreign governments purchase arms from U.S. companies. Direct commercial sales, negotiated between a government and a company; and foreign military sales, where a foreign government typically contacts a Department of Defense official at the U.S. embassy in their capital. Both require approval by the U.S. government. Some major sales have been held up by members of Congress, who fear U.S. arms could be used to fuel foreign conflicts, quell popular unrest or facilitate human rights violations. Congress has oversight over major weapons sales, including those that are completely or partly financed by the U.S. government, and it is highly unusual for sales to go ahead if there are strong objections from lawmakers. "Congress has never been a rubber stamp on arms transfers. We exercise close oversight and will continue to do so under the next president," said Representative Eliot Engel, the ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association in Washington, said the government and companies often are not "paying sufficient attention to the long-term impact of weaponizing key regions" while trying to sell to "win friends and allies." "When several warring states in a region are being amply supplied with new weapons, they are more tempted to use those weapons," Kimball said. (Editing by Soyoung Kim and Stuart Grudgings) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Specials » Brand-W How Trent came from behind to win the retail game Business Standard Brands strike the right note Brands are using the ban on currency notes to drive customer engagement and visibility on social media Urvi Malvania  |  Mumbai  November 9, 2016 Last Updated at 22:18 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJASDX Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Branding in the digital age is all about agility. Ask Paytm, the mobile wallet company that ran a full page advertisement in a leading national daily the morning after the announcement. Just Paytm, the ad said, don’t ATM. Freecharge, a mobile wallet from Snapdeal was just as nimble on its feet. Its ad, also in the morning papers, said cash was so yesterday. Cab aggregator Ola, food delivery and ordering apps such as Freshmenu, quick service restaurant, Dunkin’ Donuts all jumped into the game, all within a few hours of the announcement.   Mobikwik, another mobile wallet, ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : American Express® is proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Demonetisation | Hero Motocorp | Boeing | Bengaluru | Paytm | Freecharge | Snapdeal | Aditya Birla | Specials | Brand-w PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Brands strike the right note Brands are using the ban on currency notes to drive customer engagement and visibility on social media Brands are using the ban on currency notes to drive customer engagement and visibility on social media Branding in the digital age is all about agility. Ask Paytm, the mobile wallet company that ran a full page advertisement in a leading national daily the morning after the announcement. Just Paytm, the ad said, don’t ATM. Freecharge, a mobile wallet from Snapdeal was just as nimble on its feet. Its ad, also in the morning papers, said cash was so yesterday. Cab aggregator Ola, food delivery and ordering apps such as Freshmenu, quick service restaurant, Dunkin’ Donuts all jumped into the game, all within a few hours of the announcement.   Mobikwik, another mobile wallet, ... Urvi Malvania Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Brands strike the right note Brands are using the ban on currency notes to drive customer engagement and visibility on social media Branding in the digital age is all about agility. Ask Paytm, the mobile wallet company that ran a full page advertisement in a leading national daily the morning after the announcement. Just Paytm, the ad said, don’t ATM. Freecharge, a mobile wallet from Snapdeal was just as nimble on its feet. Its ad, also in the morning papers, said cash was so yesterday. Cab aggregator Ola, food delivery and ordering apps such as Freshmenu, quick service restaurant, Dunkin’ Donuts all jumped into the game, all within a few hours of the announcement.   Mobikwik, another mobile wallet, ... Urvi Malvania Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics November 9, 2016 3:02 pm Canadian banks uneasy about cross-border trade after Trump victory By Patrick Cain National Online Journalist, News  Global News ; U.S. president-elect Donald Trump is seen at a campaign appearance in July, GETTY IMAGES What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen U.S. president-elect Donald Trump’s victory was a surprise, and bank economists aren’t sure what it means or what comes next, reports from the major banks said Wednesday morning. CIBC and BMO economists both saw the biggest concern as cross-border trade, given Trump’s strong protectionist positions on the campaign trail. Story continues below Related Donald Trump, President Obama set to meet at the White House Thursday Hillary Clinton concedes after losing bid to become 1st female US president Americans eye Vancouver as Donald Trump seizes U.S. presidency World business leaders fear Trump presidency could disrupt trade, stifle growth (Trump threatened to renegotiate or withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement between Canada, the United States and Mexico during his campaign, though he seemed to have Mexico in mind more than Canada.) READ MORE: Reality check: Could Donald Trump pull the plug on NAFTA? It’s not as easy as he says “Mr. Trump’s concerns about globalization are mostly focused on low-cost producers like China and Mexico, but tearing up NAFTA would leave Canada in a vulnerable position,” wrote CIBC World Markets economists Royce Mendes and Avery Shenfeld. Canada and the U.S. could revert to a version of NATFA that leaves Mexico out, but U.S. protectionism could easily turn against Canadian exports.  “The election result clearly raises a lot of uncertainties for Canadian companies reliant on the American market.” In a conference call Wednesday, BMO chief economist Douglas Porter called  trade “probably the biggest area of concern from an economic standpoint.” READMORE: Mexico begins laying groundwork for relationship with president-elect Donald Trump “While Congress will try to blunt his worst impulses, it is an area where the president has a fair degree of power. He can impose temporary tariffs of up to 15 per cent, and he does have the power to pull out of some trade deals.” “We’re going to take a wait-and see stance, and see whether his tough talk actually translates into real action.” In a separate report, BMO Capital Markets predicted an upside for Canadian oil producers if the Keystone XL pipeline is approved, which seems more likely with Republican control of both houses of Congress and the White House. READ MORE: Sask. Premier Brad Wall says Trump win means Canada should stop carbon tax, hopeful for Keystone pipeline The CIBC report took a bullish view of the defence sector and gold under Trump: Defence could be boosted by increases in U.S. military spending and by other NATO countries feeling pressured to increase defence spending, the report predicted. (In fact, stocks in defence contractors like General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin and Boeing were up in morning trading Wednesday.) Gold is “… looking like a big winner too, at least in the near-term.” “Precious metals will see inflows as a result of their safe-haven status, that is until investors become more comfortable with this unexpected election outcome.” READ MORE: What President Donald Trump will mean for Canada “While the changes in policy might not be as drastic as the platform he ran on, this was an unexpected outcome and will likely lead to sharp movements in asset prices.” Porter wasn’t willing to predict how a Trump presidency would affect markets on either side of the border. “Clearly, the result was not what the market was looking for,” he said. WATCH: The U.S. dollar sank and stocks have plummeted in market mayhem as investors faced up to a shock win for Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election that could upend the global political order. Sonia Legg reports. “In the past, we’ve seen many apparently extreme events that the markets react heavily to which have little or no economic impact on the overall environment. We believe that it’s extremely dicey to leap to conclusions about what the election means for the outlook at this early stage.” After an initial shock as traders reacted to Trump’s presidential victory, which was not widely predicted, markets stabilized on Wednesday. On the TSX Wednesday, gold companies were among the biggest gainers. Two of Canada’s biggest producers, Barrick Gold and Goldcorp, were up about three and five per cent. Among the biggest losers were forestry and manufacturing companies dependent on cross-border trade, including several B.C. lumber producers and Ontario-based auto parts manufacturers. Meanwhile, energy companies on the Toronto market were seeing an uptick because Republicans’ policies on oil are much more friendlier than those of the outgoing administration. -With files from the Canadian Press © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error America Votes 2016 BMO Capital Markets CIBC World Markets Clinton email scandal Clinton emails Donald Trump donald trump 2016 Donald Trump polls Donald Trump president Hillary Clinton 2016 Hillary Clinton news Keystone XL US Presidential Election US Presidential Election 2016 Editor's Picks Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 102943 Officers won't help deport immigrants under Donald Trump: Los Angeles police chief 44007 'Go back to your f---ing country': Videos show racist altercation on Toronto streetcar 34981 Ex-Calgary police officer Denis McHugh charged with kidnapping, break and enter 32097 'Very disturbing' signs call for white people to mobilize against multiculturalism in Toronto 29478 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man hurls insults, racist comments on TTC streetcar WATCH NOW ‘There’s nothing positive to say about this’: Acting Deputy Chief Ray Robitaille WATCH NOW The Moncton Hospital’s new pediatric clinic is more ‘child-friendly’ WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Cattle seen stranded on small piece of land following New Zealand earthquake WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management November 09, 2016 Comments Email Print SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by Bloomberg Traders work today on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Markets' reaction to the election (AP)—Major U.S. stock indexes moved higher this afternoon as Wall Street sized up the implications of Donald Trump's stunning presidential election victory. The solid gains marked a reversal from earlier in the day, when global stock markets were roiled after it became clear that Trump had sealed the win over Hillary Clinton. Markets had been jittery in recent weeks over the prospect of a Trump administration. But conciliatory comments from the president-elect helped global stock markets recover a large chunk of their earlier losses. MORE ON THE ELECTION: • President Trump . . . and a slightly less powerful Mike Madigan • GOP's Senate victory sets stage for Trump Supreme Court, agenda • Why Trump's win could boost Caterpillar, Deere On Wall Street, financial companies led the gainers, surging 3.2 percent. Banks and other financial stocks tend to benefit from higher interest rates and less government regulation, two things investors anticipate could happen during a Trump presidency. Health care stocks were also heading sharply higher. Traders had feared Clinton would implement curbs on drug pricing increases that could hurt drugmakers and biotechnology companies. Utilities were down the most, sliding 2.6 percent, followed closely by consumer-focused stocks. Crude oil prices headed higher after being down earlier in the day. The Dow Jones industrial average closed up almost 257 points, or 1.4 percent, this afternoon, to nearly 18,590. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose about 24 points, or 1.1 percent, to close at just over 2,163. The Nasdaq composite index rose about 58 points, or 1.1 percent, closing at just over 5,251. A sell-off in bonds sent prices tumbling, driving the yield on the 10-year Treasury note up to 2.08 percent from 1.86 percent late yesterday, a large move. That's the highest the rate has been since January. That rate is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Traders are selling bonds to hedge against the possibility that interest rates, which have been ultra-low for years, could rise steadily again under a Trump administration, said Tom di Galoma, managing director of trading at Seaport Global Securities. "People are starting to believe that Donald Trump is good for the economy, which makes him not so good for the bond market," di Galoma said. "You've also had the stock market come back overnight. People are starting to realize that a Trump presidency is not the end of the world." Though uncertainty remains over Trump's trade, immigration and geopolitical policies and what his victory means for the future of globalization, investors appeared somewhat calmed by his victory speech, in which he praised Clinton and urged Americans to "come together as one united people" after a divisive campaign. "While Trump slightly soothed some concerns in his victory speech, uncertainty remains over what kind of a U.S. he plans to lead," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at OANDA. Here's how some industries shook out: WINNERS: —Drugmakers. Pharmaceutical companies and pharmacy benefits managers rose sharply on the expectation that Trump and a Republican-controlled congress are less likely to crack down on rising drug prices. Pfizer jumped 7 percent, Celgene rose 9 percent and Express Scripts gained 7 percent. — Defense contractors and infrastructure companies. Hopes that Trump will spend more on defense and follow through on campaign promises to boost spending on infrastructure benefited several companies. Raytheon jumped 7 percent. So did Caterpillar, a heavy machinery maker. — Private prison operators. Clinton had said she wanted states to stop using privately operated prisons. That threat is now diminished. Corrections Corp. of America jumped 50 percent, and Geo Group rose 21 percent. — Coal: Trump's election breathed fresh life into an industry struggling with debt and the worst price slump in decades. Coal tycoon Robert Murray said in a statement that the election marked a “great day for America” and he looked forward to a national policy that puts all energy sources on a level playing field. Bonds of his company, Murray Energy Corp., surged to their highest in 16 months. — Steelmakers: U.S. Steel and Nucor soared as Trump's promise to favor American manufacturers led investors to believe that domestic prices for the metal will increase. Nucor gained the most in more than seven years; U.S. Steel climbed more than 20 percent. LOSERS: —Gun companies. With his endorsement from the National Rifle Association, Trump is seen as far less likely to push for stricter gun control measures than Clinton would have been. That means investors are no longer expecting a rush of gun sales due to nervous customers looking to stay ahead of government restrictions. Smith & Wesson dropped 15 percent and Sturm, Ruger plunged 14 percent. — Hospital chains and certain insurers. Companies that benefited from President Obama's health care legislation, the Affordable Care Act, took heavy losses. Trump has said he would repeal the law. The nation's largest hospital chain, HCA, plunged 15 percent, and Community Health Systems plunged 29 percent. — Clean energy. Trump has advocated for lighter regulation of oil and coal companies, which could hamper demand for clean energy alternatives, such as solar and wind power. SunPower sank 15 percent. — Aircraft deals: Trump's ascension raised doubts about the sales and leases of as many as 230 Boeing and Airbus Group SE jetliners to Iranian carriers. Renewed trade restrictions could unravel the transactions, valued at an estimated $17.6 billion for Boeing and $27 billion for Airbus, based on list prices. In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 1.6 percent, while France's CAC-40 gained 1.5 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 1 percent higher. As Trump gained the lead in the electoral vote count, share prices tumbled in Asia, which were open during the election results. By the time Trump was confirmed the winner and made his speech, financial markets had steadied. The dollar also recouped some ground, while assets that many investors search out at times of uncertainty, such as gold, came off earlier highs. One currency that remained heavily sold is the Mexican peso. It was down 8.4 percent as the prospect of a wall along the United States' southern border, a key campaigning point for Trump, has come one step closer to reality. Trump has insisted that Mexico will pay for the wall. The U.S. currency rose sharply to 19.75 Mexican pesos from 18.68 pesos. Also potentially impacting the peso is Trump's threat to rip up trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement, a key plank in Mexico's economic strategy and growth. "If Trump is able to follow through with these suggestions, Mexican activity will suffer greatly," said Jane Foley, senior foreign exchange strategist at Rabobank International. Trump doesn't formally take the reins of power until January but he will begin the transition to his presidency almost immediately. In the coming weeks, investors will be looking to see if he further tempers some of the rhetoric that polarized American opinion and often spooked investors in financial markets. Another point of interest will center on the U.S.'s trade relations with China and its impact across Asia. Trump's victory has raised concerns that the U.S. and China might embark on a trade war of sorts and that protectionism around the world will grow. Those concerns weighed heavily on Asian stocks. Japan's Nikkei 225 index closed 5.4 percent lower, recouping some losses. Hong Kong's Hang Seng closed 2.2 percent lower. Bloomberg contributed. Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Investing Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next McDonald's testing Sriracha Big Mac Fast-food chains find some health nuts too tough to crack Like our roundup? Share it around. Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai U.S. defense shares hit record highs, boosted by Trump win ReutersNovember 9, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos A UAV helicopter build by Northrop Gruman is on deck aboard the soon to be commissioned littoral combat ship USS Coronado during a media tour in Coronado, California April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File PhotoMore NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. defense shares jumped on Wednesday, with companies including Northrop Grumman <NOC.N> hitting lifetime highs, as the presidential victory by Republican Donald Trump lifted expectations of increased military spending here and overseas. Shares of Northrop, Raytheon <RTN.N> and General Dynamics <GD.N> hit intraday lifetime highs after gapping higher at the opening. Shares of Raytheon were last up 7.5 percent at $146.70, while General Dynamics was up 5.8 percent at $162.6,2 and Northrop was up 5.7 percent at $242.95. Shares of Lockheed Martin <LMT.N> rose 6.5 percent to $254.75 and hit their highest intraday level since about mid-August. Other defense names rose more modestly: Boeing <BA.N> was up 2 percent at $145.05. Defense shares had already been higher this year, underpinned in part by signs of increased global conflict. While Trump's rival in the race for the White House, Democrat Hillary Clinton, also had advocated tough defense and foreign policies, Trump has been a big supporter of increased defense spending, saying he would expand the Army and add to the number of ships. "It's basically he believes in stronger preparation. It's strength equals preparedness," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. Trump has called on NATO alliance partners to do more to pay for their own security. Elsewhere, shares of the U.K.'s BAE Systems <BAES.L> gained 6.8 percent. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Leslie Adler) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider Michelle Obama responded to one of the many people begging her to run for president Hello Giggles Melania Trump Wore a $1,655 Fiery Red Dress for 60 Minutes Interview Lauren Tuck Barbara Boxer Launching Senate Bill To Abolish Electoral College Deadline Who Are Donald Trump’s Siblings? IBTimes Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video The Latest: Mayor resignation for racist post reply accepted Associated Press Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Mike Pence is going to court over his emails The Week 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Donald Trump's granddaughter winning hearts in China CNBC Videos Barbara Boxer Launching Senate Bill To Abolish Electoral College Tom: Good luck with that, Electoral was put there for a reason. You could win three states and win election. It prevents just working the most populated states and completely leaving out the smaller states. The election was very fair. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 463 Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Why crime in Chicago soars while New York is safer than ever New York Post Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in New York Bay, State Environmental Officials Launch Investigation Good Morning America Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. defense shares hit record highs, boosted by Trump win By Reuters Published: 14:36 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 14:36 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Nov 9 (Reuters) - U.S. defense shares jumped on Wednesday, with companies including Northrop Grumman hitting lifetime highs, as the presidential victory by Republican Donald Trump lifted expectations of increased military spending here and overseas. Shares of Northrop, Raytheon and General Dynamics hit intraday lifetime highs after gapping higher at the opening. Shares of Raytheon were last up 7.5 percent at $146.70, while General Dynamics was up 5.8 percent at $162.6,2 and Northrop was up 5.7 percent at $242.95. Shares of Lockheed Martin rose 6.5 percent to $254.75 and hit their highest intraday level since about mid-August. Other defense names rose more modestly: Boeing was up 2 percent at $145.05. Defense shares had already been higher this year, underpinned in part by signs of increased global conflict. While Trump's rival in the race for the White House, Democrat Hillary Clinton, also had advocated tough defense and foreign policies, Trump has been a big supporter of increased defense spending, saying he would expand the Army and add to the number of ships. "It's basically he believes in stronger preparation. It's strength equals preparedness," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. Trump has called on NATO alliance partners to do more to pay for their own security. Elsewhere, shares of the U.K.'s BAE Systems gained 6.8 percent. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Bosch Ltd Q2 net at Rs 703.74 cr JK Tyre Q2 net profit at Rs 110.15 cr Business Standard AI plans to rope in consultant to chalk out business strategy Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  November 9, 2016 Last Updated at 19:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJAS8W Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Indian Airlines merger, lack of leadership wreaked havoc: Air India chief Airports issues:Airlines execs to meet MoCA officials tomorrow Capt Rohit Bhasin is new ED of Air India Eastern Region AI pilots' grouping red flags pay anomalies AI operations partially hit as pilots skip duty Air India plans to rope in consultant for hand-holding and to help it chalk out short and long-term business plan strategy as it seeks to turn profitable by March 2019, much ahead of the original deadline of fiscal 2021-22. The government-owned carrier has recently issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for the purpose of selecting a consulting entity that has expertise in airlines sector in this regard. Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. "The consulting firm shall review existing internal processes and prepare business plan strategy for short and long-term (10 years), engagement would also include benchmarking as per industry standards," Air India said in the RFP document. Besides, the firm would also carry out gap analysis, recommendations for changes and detailed implementation blue print, keeping in mind current and future market scenario, handhold Air India in implementing these plans, it said. Air India along with its two subsidiaries --Air India Express and Alliance Air -- at present has a fleet of over 130 aircraft in its fleet, comprising Airbus, Boeing, ATR and CRJ planes. The airline commands 14.7 per cent market share in the domestic air space. In addition, the carrier plans to add another 100 planes in its fleet, including smaller ones for the regional connectivity over the next four years, to take on the competition in the fast growing domestic market, which is seeing over 20 per cent growth for nearly two years now. In 2012, the then UPA government had granted over Rs 30,000 crore to Air India under a turnaround and financial restructuring plan, stretching over a period of nine years, to turn around the company. These funds are to be infused over till the fiscal 2021, of which the carrier has so far utilised Rs 21,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Air India | India | Indian Airlines PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online AI plans to rope in consultant to chalk out business strategy Air India plans to rope in consultant for hand-holding and to help it chalk out short and long-term business plan strategy as it seeks to turn profitable by March 2019, much ahead of the original deadline of fiscal 2021-22. The government-owned carrier has recently issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for the purpose of selecting a consulting entity that has expertise in airlines sector in this regard. Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. "The consulting firm shall review existing internal processes and prepare business plan strategy for short and long-term (10 years), engagement would also include benchmarking as per industry standards," Air India said in the RFP document. Besides, the firm would also carry out gap analysis, recommendations for changes and detailed implementation blue print, keeping ... Air India plans to rope in consultant for hand-holding and to help it chalk out short and long-term business plan strategy as it seeks to turn profitable by March 2019, much ahead of the original deadline of fiscal 2021-22. The government-owned carrier has recently issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for the purpose of selecting a consulting entity that has expertise in airlines sector in this regard. Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. "The consulting firm shall review existing internal processes and prepare business plan strategy for short and long-term (10 years), engagement would also include benchmarking as per industry standards," Air India said in the RFP document. Besides, the firm would also carry out gap analysis, recommendations for changes and detailed implementation blue print, keeping in mind current and future market scenario, handhold Air India in implementing these plans, it said. Air India along with its two subsidiaries --Air India Express and Alliance Air -- at present has a fleet of over 130 aircraft in its fleet, comprising Airbus, Boeing, ATR and CRJ planes. The airline commands 14.7 per cent market share in the domestic air space. In addition, the carrier plans to add another 100 planes in its fleet, including smaller ones for the regional connectivity over the next four years, to take on the competition in the fast growing domestic market, which is seeing over 20 per cent growth for nearly two years now. In 2012, the then UPA government had granted over Rs 30,000 crore to Air India under a turnaround and financial restructuring plan, stretching over a period of nine years, to turn around the company. These funds are to be infused over till the fiscal 2021, of which the carrier has so far utilised Rs 21,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 AI plans to rope in consultant to chalk out business strategy Air India plans to rope in consultant for hand-holding and to help it chalk out short and long-term business plan strategy as it seeks to turn profitable by March 2019, much ahead of the original deadline of fiscal 2021-22. The government-owned carrier has recently issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for the purpose of selecting a consulting entity that has expertise in airlines sector in this regard. Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. "The consulting firm shall review existing internal processes and prepare business plan strategy for short and long-term (10 years), engagement would also include benchmarking as per industry standards," Air India said in the RFP document. Besides, the firm would also carry out gap analysis, recommendations for changes and detailed implementation blue print, keeping in mind current and future market scenario, handhold Air India in implementing these plans, it said. Air India along with its two subsidiaries --Air India Express and Alliance Air -- at present has a fleet of over 130 aircraft in its fleet, comprising Airbus, Boeing, ATR and CRJ planes. The airline commands 14.7 per cent market share in the domestic air space. In addition, the carrier plans to add another 100 planes in its fleet, including smaller ones for the regional connectivity over the next four years, to take on the competition in the fast growing domestic market, which is seeing over 20 per cent growth for nearly two years now. In 2012, the then UPA government had granted over Rs 30,000 crore to Air India under a turnaround and financial restructuring plan, stretching over a period of nine years, to turn around the company. These funds are to be infused over till the fiscal 2021, of which the carrier has so far utilised Rs 21,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Data & Financials > Airline Financials > Avianca Holdings reports 3Q net profit of $38 million Avianca Holdings reports 3Q net profit of $38 million Nov 9, 2016 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Avianca Boeing 787-8 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: Air Astana takes first A320neo Advertisement Avianca Holdings S.A., posted a $37.8 million net profit for the third quarter of 2016, down 63% from a $102.1 million net profit the company reported in 3Q 2015. Aviana Holdings is the parent of seven Latin American passenger airlines including Colombian flag carrier Avianca and air-freight carrier Avianca Cargo. Avianca’s total operating revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, down 4.9% year-over-year (YOY). Operating expenses fell 3.1% YOY to $978.8 million. The company’s operating income for the quarter was $83.4 million, up 15.7% compared to $72.1 million in 3Q 2015, with an operating margin of 7.9%, up 1.4 point YOY.  Avianca said the results were driven by lower operating costs as the company benefited from its revised hedging policy, reducing expenses by nearly $30 million compared to 3Q 2015. Fuel expenses were down 19.3% YOY. The company also cut maintenance and repairs expenses 16.6% YOY, following a reduction in fleet re-delivery provisions as well as a decline in engine overhaul expenses. “While we continue to experience some political and macroeconomic uncertainty in several markets throughout Latin America during the third quarter of 2016, Avianca benefited from welcome oil price stability as well as exchange rate steadiness in key markets,” Avianca Holdings CEO Hernán Rincón said. “[This] stability has fueled renewed demand on both the international and domestic fronts. Growth in terms of ASKs has been leveled throughout our network, at around 3% [to 12 billion ASKs] … [and] passenger traffic numbers, measured in RPK, grew by 5.9% [to 10 billion RPKs]… driven by steady demand in our home markets and strong sales for our international routes,” Rincón said. “In particular, the services from Bogota to Buenos Aires, Los Angeles, London and Madrid all registered load factors above 85%. As such, the 83.5% load factor registered this quarter across the network is the strongest since the integration between AVIANCA and TACA.” To accommodate increased demand the airline increased its frequencies to the Iberian Peninsula from 21 to 35 weekly frequencies, Rincó said. The company served 7.6 million passengers during the quarter, up 3.2%. Yield fell 7.1% to 9.5 cents; PRASK was down 4.6% to 7.7 cents. Avianca took delivery of two Boeing 787-8s and one Airbus A319 during the quarter.  As of Sept. 30, Avianca Holdings and its subsidiaries operating fleet totaled 177 aircraft, comprised of 110 A320 family aircraft, 15 ATR 72s, 11 Cessna 208s, 10 Embraer E190s, nine A330s, nine 787s, five A330F and four A300F cargo aircraft, two ATR-42s, and two 767F freighters. In his 3Q CEO message, Rincón announced the appointment of Roberto Held Otero as the company’s new CFO, effective Nov. 1, replacing Gerardo Grajeles, who will now head Avianca’s new strategic business unit. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Financial Roundup: World Airlines’ 3Q and 9M results   Republic Airways Holdings posts $2.9 million 3Q net profit   Avianca Holdings triples 3Q net profit to $102 million   Copa Holdings posts $74 million 3Q net profit, record load factor Avianca 3Q net profit down 7.6%, passengers up 7.5%   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Data & Financials > Airline Financials > Avianca Holdings reports 3Q net profit of $38 million Avianca Holdings reports 3Q net profit of $38 million Nov 9, 2016 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Avianca Boeing 787-8 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: Air Astana takes first A320neo Advertisement Avianca Holdings S.A., posted a $37.8 million net profit for the third quarter of 2016, down 63% from a $102.1 million net profit the company reported in 3Q 2015. Aviana Holdings is the parent of seven Latin American passenger airlines including Colombian flag carrier Avianca and air-freight carrier Avianca Cargo. Avianca’s total operating revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, down 4.9% year-over-year (YOY). Operating expenses fell 3.1% YOY to $978.8 million. The company’s operating income for the quarter was $83.4 million, up 15.7% compared to $72.1 million in 3Q 2015, with an operating margin of 7.9%, up 1.4 point YOY.  Avianca said the results were driven by lower operating costs as the company benefited from its revised hedging policy, reducing expenses by nearly $30 million compared to 3Q 2015. Fuel expenses were down 19.3% YOY. The company also cut maintenance and repairs expenses 16.6% YOY, following a reduction in fleet re-delivery provisions as well as a decline in engine overhaul expenses. “While we continue to experience some political and macroeconomic uncertainty in several markets throughout Latin America during the third quarter of 2016, Avianca benefited from welcome oil price stability as well as exchange rate steadiness in key markets,” Avianca Holdings CEO Hernán Rincón said. “[This] stability has fueled renewed demand on both the international and domestic fronts. Growth in terms of ASKs has been leveled throughout our network, at around 3% [to 12 billion ASKs] … [and] passenger traffic numbers, measured in RPK, grew by 5.9% [to 10 billion RPKs]… driven by steady demand in our home markets and strong sales for our international routes,” Rincón said. “In particular, the services from Bogota to Buenos Aires, Los Angeles, London and Madrid all registered load factors above 85%. As such, the 83.5% load factor registered this quarter across the network is the strongest since the integration between AVIANCA and TACA.” To accommodate increased demand the airline increased its frequencies to the Iberian Peninsula from 21 to 35 weekly frequencies, Rincó said. The company served 7.6 million passengers during the quarter, up 3.2%. Yield fell 7.1% to 9.5 cents; PRASK was down 4.6% to 7.7 cents. Avianca took delivery of two Boeing 787-8s and one Airbus A319 during the quarter.  As of Sept. 30, Avianca Holdings and its subsidiaries operating fleet totaled 177 aircraft, comprised of 110 A320 family aircraft, 15 ATR 72s, 11 Cessna 208s, 10 Embraer E190s, nine A330s, nine 787s, five A330F and four A300F cargo aircraft, two ATR-42s, and two 767F freighters. In his 3Q CEO message, Rincón announced the appointment of Roberto Held Otero as the company’s new CFO, effective Nov. 1, replacing Gerardo Grajeles, who will now head Avianca’s new strategic business unit. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Financial Roundup: World Airlines’ 3Q and 9M results   Republic Airways Holdings posts $2.9 million 3Q net profit   Avianca Holdings triples 3Q net profit to $102 million   Copa Holdings posts $74 million 3Q net profit, record load factor Avianca 3Q net profit down 7.6%, passengers up 7.5%   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home Business Aviation Air India plans to rope in consultant to chalk out business strategy Air India plans to rope in consultant to chalk out business strategy Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:November 9, 2016 8:19 pm Photo for representational purpose. Air India plans to rope in consultant for hand-holding and to help it chalk out short and long-term business plan strategy as it seeks to turn profitable by March 2019, much ahead of the original deadline of fiscal 2021-22. The government-owned carrier has recently issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for the purpose of selecting a consulting entity that has expertise in airlines sector in this regard. Air India, which has reported an operating profit of Rs 105 crore for the fiscal ended March 2016, the first time since Indian Airlines merged with it in 2007, is staying afloat on a Rs 30,000 crore government bailout. “The consulting firm shall review existing internal processes and prepare business plan strategy for short and long-term (10 years), engagement would also include benchmarking as per industry standards,” Air India said in the RFP document. Besides, the firm would also carry out gap analysis, recommendations for changes and detailed implementation blue print, keeping in mind current and future market scenario, handhold Air India in implementing these plans, it said. Air India along with its two subsidiaries –Air India Express and Alliance Air — at present has a fleet of over 130 aircraft in its fleet, comprising Airbus, Boeing, ATR and CRJ planes. The airline commands 14.7 per cent market share in the domestic air space. In addition, the carrier plans to add another 100 planes in its fleet, including smaller ones for the regional connectivity over the next four years, to take on the competition in the fast growing domestic market, which is seeing over 20 per cent growth for nearly two years now. In 2012, the then UPA government had granted over Rs 30,000 crore to Air India under a turnaround and financial restructuring plan, stretching over a period of nine years, to turn around the company. These funds are to be infused over till the fiscal 2021, of which the carrier has so far utilised Rs 21,000 crore. Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding Demonetisation: Farmers Should Have Been Exempted, Says CM Akhilesh Yadav Kaabil Is About Finding The Brightest Light Inside You: Hrithik Roshan Demonetisation: Church Opens Donation Box, Dhaba Offers Free Food For Public CBSE Makes Class 10th Board Exams Mandatory 2017 Session Demonetisation: Indelible Inks To Be Put On Cash Exchanger’s Finger To Prevent Fraud Obama Advises Trump Over ‘Signals Of Unity’, Temperament, ‘New Voice And New Ideas’ PM Modi’s 96-year-old mother exchanges currency notes at Ahmedabad bank Marriage Is The Biggest Change In My Life : Vidya Balan Vidya Balan Reacts To Govt’s Decision Of Making Rs 500- Rs1000 Illegal Skin Show Is Not Necessarily Sexy, Says Alia Bhatt Express ADDA With Baba Ramdev Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 Notes Venkaiah Naidu On Demonetisation: No Regrets Bigg Boss 10 November 14 Review: Contestants Still Stand Divided Between Indiawaale And Celebrities Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Kolkata: Heroin worth Rs 23 lakh seized from 2 Sri Lankans After complaints, Trump-branded buildings being renamed West Bengal bypolls: BJP team meets CEO, seeks central forces Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Scope AR and Caterpillar Deliver First Augmented Reality-Based Remote Support Platform for Heavy Industry SAN FRANCISCO and PEORIA, Ill., Nov. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Scope AR, the creator of the first-ever true augmented reality smart instructions and live support video calling solutions, today announced a license with Caterpillar Inc., the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, to provide an augmented reality-based live support video calling platform built specifically for the unique remote assistance needs of industries using heavy machinery. A first-of-its kind partnership, Scope AR and Caterpillar are delivering the unprecedented ability for the Caterpillar dealer network to leverage the benefits of augmented reality (AR) for live support in repairing, troubleshooting a problem or conducting maintenance on equipment. “This is about delivering an entirely new, interactive interface for remote workers to more effectively and efficiently communicate with experts in real-time, wherever they are,” said Scott Montgomerie, CEO and co-founder of Scope AR.  “With machinery and equipment becoming increasingly complex, we are excited to partner with Caterpillar to provide the technology tools they need to share expert knowledge more quickly and deliver the remote support needed to get equipment back up and running faster.” Continue Reading A first-of-its kind partnership, Scope AR and Caterpillar deliver first augmented reality-based remote support platform for heavy industry. “At Caterpillar, we are always looking for innovative ways to enhance our customers’ operations and experience with using our equipment,” said Lonny Johnson, senior engineering project team leader at Caterpillar. “Through our partnership with Scope AR, our operators and dealers now have access to a superior level of remote support that will dramatically improve comprehension and reduce downtime costs at millions of job sites across the globe.” The new platform is based upon Scope AR’s Remote AR technology – an augmented reality-based remote assistance application – and will include advanced features specific to the industries surrounding Cat products. The platform combines augmented reality with live video streaming, voice, live annotation, screen sharing and white-boarding to simulate the effectiveness of having the expert looking over your shoulder guiding you on what to do step-by-step. About Scope AR Augmented reality (AR) company Scope AR is the creator of the first-ever true AR smart instructions and live support video calling solutions – WorkLink and Remote AR. The company provides the industry’s most comprehensive set of tools to allow users to become their own experts, learning to assemble, repair or troubleshoot problems wherever they are. Whether training, performing complex fieldwork or remote tasks, or any number of assisted activities across vertical industries including industrial equipment manufacturing, aerospace, construction, utilities, oil and gas, automotive, consumer applications and more, Scope AR provides robust solutions for in-field support and performance tracking. The company’s partners and users include Epson, Boeing, Toyota, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell and Sealed Air, among others. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in San Francisco with offices in Edmonton, Canada. For more information go to www.scopear.com. About Caterpillar For 91 years, Caterpillar Inc. has been making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent.  Customers turn to Caterpillar to help them develop infrastructure, energy and natural resource assets. With 2015 sales and revenues of $47.011 billion, Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. The company principally operates through its three product segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and also provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment. For more information, visit caterpillar.com.  To connect with us on social media, visit caterpillar.com/social-media.  Media Contact: Paul Brady Carve Communications for Scope AR Email: scopear@carvecom.com Phone: 646-491-2777 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161108/437307LOGO Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161108/437305LOGO   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 9, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Lockton Addresses Impact of Trump White House on Employer-Sponsored Health Plans Next Next post: La 120e session de la Foire de Canton se termine avec un volume d'échanges de 27,89 milliards de dollars Search for: Search Recent Posts Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Water Leaders "Bringing Water Together" at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Cyber Security Market Outlook (2014-2022) The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 09, 2016 ) The Global Cyber Security is estimated at $74.2 billion and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% during the forecast period 2014-2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets is the key driving factor for the growth of Cyber Security market. Cybercrime is generating market opportunity for small cyber specialty companies. The government is increasing its investments in sophisticated cyber security technologies. Unique attention is being given to secure the Internet of Things through federally-sponsored research in cyber-physical systems. Small businesses can use these vehicles to get involved in the government cyber security market. Antivirus and Antimalware solution is likely to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period. Report URL: http://www.reportsweb.com/Global-Cyber-Security-Market-Outlook-(2014-2022) The Global Cyber Security Market is segmented on the basis of Solution, Security type, Service, application and Geography. On the basis of Solution, the market is segregated into Web Filtering, Unified Threat Management (UTM), Security and Vulnerability Management, Risk and Compliance Management, Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips), Identity and Access Management (IAM), Firewall, Encryption, Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation, Disaster Recovery, Data Loss Protection (DLP), Anti virus and Anti malware, White listing and Others. On the basis of Security type, the market is categorized into Application Security, Cloud Security, Content Security, Endpoint Security, Network Security, Wireless Security and Industrial Control Systems Security. The market is segmented on the basis of service into Training and Education, Risk and Threat Assessment, Managed Security Services (MSS, Design and Integration, Consulting. Global Cyber Security Market by Application is segregated into Telecom and IT, Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Government and Public Utilities, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence and Others. Global Cyber Security Market by geography is categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key players in the Global Cyber Security Market are BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica spa, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company and International Business Machines Corporation (IBM). Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117231/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Inquire for Discount @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117231/discount About Us ReportsWeb is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. Contact Us: Call: +1-646- 491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646- 491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Avcorp restructures Gardena facility By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · November 9, 2016 Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) has issued 60-day WARN notifications as part of a restructuring initiative at its Gardena, California facility that will result in a workforce reduction of 75 permanent employees by December 31, 2016, the company said. This reduction is in addition to exiting 180 temporary workers during the last 90 days, which were added this year to support customers´ requirements arising from legacy product issues. The restructuring will result in significant annual cost savings for the Company, net of anticipated severance costs of approximately USD260,000. The Avcorp Group designs and builds airframe structures for aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « GOL reports BRL233m in Q3 2016 operating income Cascade Aerospace delivers upgrades to RCAF fleet » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look How NASA astronauts cast their votes ... from spaaaaace! (+video) Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? For these clever tool-making cockatoos, the material might not matter Columbia wrestling: How much of an 'I' is there in a team scandal? Can a crowdfunded telescope find an Earth-like planet? Shane Kimbrough, the sole American astronaut aboard the International Space Station, cast his vote Monday via a digital version of the familiar federal absentee ballot. By Rowena Lindsay, Staff November 8, 2016 Save for later Saved US astronaut Shane Kimbrough, a member of the main crew to the International Space Station (ISS), talks to his relatives prior to the launch of the Soyuz MS-02 space ship, in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Oct. 19. Ivan Sekretarev/AP View Caption About video ads View Caption of Every four years, millions of American voters both abroad and at home US cast their ballot for president without going to the polls, mailing in absentee ballots to vote from afar. And a few ballots digitally make the 250-mile journey from the International Space Station to the Earth's surface.  This year, Shane Kimbrough, currently the only American in space, cast his ballot from the International Space Station (ISS) Monday. Kate Rubins also voted early, submitting her ballot before returning to Earth last week after a four-month stint on the ISS. For the purposes of voting, the astronauts’ address is listed as “low-Earth orbit.” The "voting process starts a year before launch, when astronauts are able to select which elections (local/state/federal) that they want to participate in while in space," NASA officials said recently in a blog post. "Then, six months before the election, astronauts are provided with a standard form: the 'Voter Registration and Absentee Ballot Request – Federal Post Card Application.' " Recommended: Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Johnson Space Center sends a digital version of the classic absentee ballot to the ISS and when crewmembers have filled them out the ballots are sent directly to voting authorities, according to Johnson Space Center officials. Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/15 The first American to vote in space was David Wolf in 1997, who voted from the Russian Mir Space Station. Since most astronauts lived near Houston, Texas passed a law allowing astronauts to vote while off planet in any local, state, or federal elections scheduled during their mission. "I think it's pretty amazing," Dr. Rubins said in an October interview for NASA's weekly "Space to Ground" ISS update. "It's very incredible that we're able to vote from up here, and I think it's incredibly important for us to vote in all of the elections." Their votes are particularly important because the two candidates have very different views on the future of America’s space program. Donald Trump has said he will encourage joint projects between NASA and private space companies, such as SpaceX, Boeing, and Blue Origin, but that public money is more needed in infrastructure here on Earth than on Mars. And while the Republican nominee has spoken highly of NASA, he has said that economic stability and military defense must come first. "If we are growing with all of our people employed and our military readiness back to acceptable levels, then we can take a look at the timeline for sending more people into space," Trump told Mic. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has said that she wanted to be an astronaut as a child and even wrote to NASA about what the requirements were only to be told that they were not currently accepting applications from women. In addition to promising to declassify government information on UFOs, Clinton has said that she supports private space companies but feels that the future of cosmological discoveries lies with NASA and its funding should reflect that. Next up Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! First Look What does the future hold for NASA? Depends on the next president. Modern Parenthood A six-year-old explains why NASA matters (+video) What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? (+video) Is US trying to defeat ISIS too quickly? How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us Popular Now First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look 2016 on track to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/15 Latest News Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Jeppesen To Deliver Pre-Loaded Digital Data With Purchase Of New Diamond Aircraft ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Nov. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, and Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH have signed an agreement to deliver pre-selected Jeppesen NavData® and digital charts at the time of delivery, as part of the purchase process of new Diamond aircraft.  “Adding to the excitement of delivering new Diamond aircraft to our customers, having pre-loaded Jeppesen data on board provides additional value with the purchase experience,” said Christian Dries, CEO, Diamond Aircraft Austria. “Jeppesen NavData and charts provide the foundation for pilots safely reaching their destinations on a global scale and we are pleased to work together to provide this data service that allows pilots to take to the skies.”  In 2017, Jeppesen flight information will be on board with the purchase of Diamond DA40, DA42, and DA62 models from Diamond Aircraft Austria and will be ready for immediate use in flight. In addition to Jeppesen navigation data, Diamond aircraft equipped with Garmin G1000 avionics will receive a PilotPak data bundle that also includes supplemental databases, including obstacle, terrain, SafeTaxi and airport diagrams. Upgrades for existing DA40, DA42, and DA62 customers are available on request. “Partnering with Diamond Aircraft combines industry leading airplane design, manufacturing and data services in a turn-key experience at the time of delivery,” said Reggie Arsenault, director, Jeppesen General Aviation Client Management. “This on-board service simplifies the flying process and eliminates the need for pilots to go through the data purchase process on their own.” Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For more information on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. For more information on the multiple certified general aviation aircraft produced by Diamond Aircraft Austria, please visit www.diamond-air.at.             About Jeppesen: For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH: Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH produces a full range of high quality certified all composite aircraft including the 2 seat DA20, the 4 seat DA40, the 4 seat twin engine DA42 and the 5-7 seat twin engine DA62, as well as type-specific flight training simulators, and the DA42 MPP (Multi Purpose Platform), a remote sensing turnkey solution. The company uses proprietary lead-free jet fuel piston engines, made by Austro Engine GmbH of Austria, for the DA40, DA42 and DA62. Diamond applies modern technologies to achieve high fuel efficiency, low noise, excellent performance and safety. The aircraft are flown by private pilots, professional flight training operators and institutions worldwide. satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 9, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Modustri y Caterpillar Inc. lanzan una plataforma global de gestión de desgaste y máquinas para distribuidores globales Next Next post: How These Banking Stocks are Faring? — Toronto-Dominion Bank, TCF Financial, Royal Bank of Canada, and Sterling Bancorp Search for: Search Recent Posts Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Water Leaders "Bringing Water Together" at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
My Account Menu About CAPA Events Reports Fleets Analysis Data Route Capacity Analyser Traffic Benchmark Rankings Airports Data Homepage Air Finance Homepage CASK Database Share Price Benchmark Low Cost Carriers (LCCs) CAPA Fleets Database Start-up Airlines CAPA Fleets Analytics Airline Groups Global Alliances Profile Finder Codesharing and Interlining Market Share News Profiles CAPA Login Username: Password: Remember details Register to trial CAPA Membership! WestJet prepares to lock in unit revenue growth to outpace cost inflation in 2017 CAPA > Aviation Analysis > WestJet prepares to lock in unit revenue growth to outpace cost inflation in 2017 9-Nov-2016 Tweet © CAPA Canada’s second largest airline WestJet believes it can attain a positive unit revenue result in 1Q2017, joining many other North American airlines in outlining specific timeframes for the reversal of negative trends. Unlike performance of most airlines in the region that are predicting sequential improvements from 3Q2016 to 4Q2016, WestJet’s performance will worsen during the last three months of 2016. The factors driving WestJet’s deeper unit revenue decreases include timing of the year-end holidays, competitive capacity pressure in warm weather markets, and fare matching of the start-up competitor ULCC NewLeaf. Although WestJet believes it will make an important turn in its unit revenue performance in early 2017, it faces some cost inflation for the full year as it adds a larger number of smaller Bombardier Q400 turboprops, which have higher operating costs but in fact also help drive bottom line profitability. Although at this point WestJet cannot forecast its unit revenue performance for FY2017, its goal is to post unit revenue growth that outpaces unit cost increases. WestJet is planning markedly lower year-on-year capacity growth in 2017, in the mid-single digits, and foresees a better economic environment after battling tough conditions in Alberta during the last couple of years. Those two factors should help to power WestJet’s efforts to achieve positive unit revenues. WestJet braces for unit revenue pressure in 4Q2016, after sequential improvement in 3Q2016 WestJet posted solid sequential improvement in its unit revenue and yield declines during 3Q2016. The company’s 2.7% decline in unit revenue leaned toward the higher end of its previous forecast of a 1% to 3% decrease. WestJet unit revenue and yield performance: 1Q2016 to 3Q2016 Quarter Unit revenue Yield 1Q2016 11% decrease 11.6% decrease 2Q2016 5.8% decrease 8.9% decrease 3Q2016 2.7% decrease 5.3% decrease Source: company reports. See related report: WestJet’s positive unit revenue trend. 2016 is still challenging for airlines, but investors encouraged But WestJet is facing unit revenue headwinds in 4Q2016 as it projects a unit revenue decline of 4% to 6% – which is still an improvement over its performance in 1Q2016 and 2Q2016. WestJet attributed 100bp of its 4Q2016 unit revenue decline to the shortening of year-end holiday season travel, a challenge many North American airlines have cited in their unit revenue forecast for the last three months of 2016. The airline also cited discounting by its rival Air Canada in warm weather markets, and – to a lesser extent – price matching by the start-up competitor NewLeaf Travel. NewLeaf launched operations in Jul-2016 with aircraft operated by the charter company Flair Airlines. NewLeaf is the first of three aspiring ULCCs to launch operations in Canada. The Canadian government recently approved a request by NewLeaf’s would-be competitor Jetlines to increase foreign investment to 49%, from the current cap of 25%. NewLeaf recently outlined plans to launch seasonal flights from Dec-2016 to Jan-2016 out of Westjet's largest base and headquarters at Calgary: to Abbotsford, Toronto Hamilton, Halifax and Moncton. WestJet operates in three of those markets – Abbotsford, Hamilton and Halifax. WestJet global top 10 hubs/bases/stations by seats: 7-Nov-2016 to 13-Nov-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG. WestJet acknowledges its ASM overlap with NewLeaf is less than 1.5% of the larger airline’s system ASMs; however, WestJet has made it clear that it intends to compete fiercely with any new competitor. Company CEO Gregg Saretsky recently commented, observing that Canada is a sparsely populated country and there has not been any time in Canadian aviation history when more than two airlines could operate profitably. “We have the cost structure and the balance sheet and the loyal traffic base that we will defend our franchise, and so we’re going to match whatever prices our competitors put in the market”, Mr Saretsky stated. WestJet needs its 2017 unit revenue to outpace increased unit costs WestJet’s unit costs excluding fuel and profit-sharing are projected to increase 3% year-on-year in 2016, and the company’s forecast for 2017 is growth of 2.5% to 3.5%. The company has calculated that approximately half of the cost increase forecast for 2017 is fuelled by higher growth levels in its Q400 fleet, operated by WestJet Encore. Other cost drivers include a higher number of heavy maintenance checks and expense driven by a new international terminal in Calgary. CAPA’s fleet database shows that Encore operates 33 of the turboprops. WestJet Encore fleet summary as of 8-Nov-2016 Aircraft In Service Inactive On Order* Total: 33 0 12 Bombardier DHC-8Q-402(NG) 33 0 12 Source: CAPA Fleet Database. Orders include those placed directly by the operator and by lessors assigned to the operator, from 8-Nov-2016 onwards. Encore’s delivery forecast for 2017 is for eight aircraft, compared with six Boeing 737 narrowbodies for WestJet mainline. There are also six 737 lease expirations scheduled for 2017. WestJet Encore projected delivery dates for aircraft purchased from OEMs and leased from lessors as of 8-Nov-2016 Source: CAPA Fleet Database Aircraft operated by subsidiaries/associates of the main airline may be listed separately. Firm orders include those placed directly by the operator and by lessors assigned to the operator, from 7-Nov-2016 onwards. Excludes aircraft for which the delivery date has not been announced, cannot be reasonably projected or is unlikely to be delivered. The smaller-gauge 78-seat Q400s have higher unit costs but also generate higher unit revenue, which will be key for WestJet in 2017 given its projected cost inflation. The airline has made assurances that its goal for the year is to ensure that unit revenue growth outpaces increases in unit costs.    There are industry dynamics that WestJet believes will differ from 4Q2016 to 1Q2017 (when it aims to return to positive unit revenue), and they include the airline returning to a more normal schedule from Alberta to warm weather destinations, versus a shorter operating period in 2016 due to the province’s deteriorating economy. WestJet also cited strengthening demand in Western Canada and lower transborder capacity by US airlines due to the depreciation of the CAD against the USD. In early Nov-2016 the CAD was trading at 0.75 to the USD. Furthermore WestJet expects to be buoyed by an increase in its charter business, noting that fixed blocks of capacity should create some benefit. WestJet's 2017 capacity could drop 5.5ppt year-on-year after 2016's trans-Atlantic launch WestJet’s system capacity forecast for 2017 of 3.5% to 5.5% growth is markedly lower than the 9% increase in ASMs planned for 2016. WestJet annual available seat miles: 2008 to Sep-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and airline reports. 1 Y-t-D for January to September 2016. Throughout 2016 WestJet has fielded questions about its capacity growth, and the airline has continually stressed that the bulk of 2016’s growth was attributable to the introduction of nonstop long haul service to London Gatwick, using Boeing 767 widebodies. Stripping out the 767 operations, WestJet has calculated its 2016 system capacity growth is increasing 1% to 3%. See related report: WestJet’s 767 operational problems cloud a significant low cost long haul revenue opportunity WestJet’s planned lower capacity growth for 2017 should create some reassurance for investors as Canada’s economy should chart some improvement. The company’s forecast for lower capacity growth is against projected Canadian GDP growth of 2% in 2017 (up from 1% in 2016), and the expectation that Alberta should emerge from two years of economic contraction. WestJet cut capacity in Alberta by 5% in 3Q2016, and at the end of 2Q2016 the company remarked that it was holding an internal debate over whether trends had hit the bottom. Its outlook seems to have improved as 2016 draws to a close, and Alberta’s economy shows signs of beginning to recover in 2017. WestJet understands the unit revenue-unit cost equation that it must solve in 2017 After posting capacity growth in the high single digits during 2016, WestJet is slowing capacity in 2017 as it works to meet its targeted deadline for a return to positive unit revenue. Similarly to many North American airlines, WestJet is facing cost inflation that is perhaps making a swing to positive unit revenue more pressing. WestJet seems to understand the necessity of ensuring that its unit revenue and yields grow faster than unit costs excluding fuel and profit sharing in 2017, and investors are looking for the airline to deliver on its unit revenue promises. Want more analysis like this? CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets. Find out more and take a free trial. You may also be interested in the following articles... Air Canada Part 2: Financial progress makes investment grade metrics more tangible 6-Oct-2016 A decade ago it would have been unheard of for Air Canada to contemplate reaching an investment grade credit rating. The airline had emerged from bankruptcy protection, but was still struggling financially. It would teeter on the verge of another formal restructuring before setting out on a course to restructure its financial foundation – a process that has allowed the airline to improve its balance sheet and leverage. Air Canada’s leverage targets for YE2018 will not meet the general proxy for an investment grade rating; however, its lower capital commitments and debt refinancing could create an opportunity for achieving that status beyond 2018. Attaining an investment grade credit rating likely remains a longer term goal for Air Canada as its major financial goals in the short term remain paying down debt that is creeping up due to a fleet renewal, as well as funding growth to drive long-term shareholder value. More meaningful shareholder returns will likely occur once the company reaches what it deems as acceptable progress in debt management, and reaches a certain maturity level in growing its international network. This is Part 2 in a two part series on Air Canada. Part 1 dealt with long haul LCC subsidiary, rouge. WestJet’s 767 operational problems cloud a significant low cost long haul revenue opportunity 22-Jul-2016 The operational challenges Canadian low cost airline WestJet has encountered in its launch of widebody flights to London has done little to quell investor concern about the carrier’s ability to execute low cost long haul flights successfully. Mechanical problems with the Boeing 767s have triggered cancellations and operational challenges, which has created passenger frustration, and resulted in reaccommodation and other expenses that are not insignificant. WestJet has been working to smooth out the operational teething pains of the twin aisle jets, and is assuring that the hiccups are temporary. However, the less than ideal launch could call into question WestJet’s ability to spread the low cost model and stimulate traffic from Canada in the North Atlantic market. The company is attracting a higher level of scrutiny since it is the first LCC based in North America to attempt to spread the model on long haul flights. Despite the shaky launch of its long haul flights with widebodies, WestJet cannot ignore long-term opportunities presented by the long haul market from Canada – with a value in the billions. WestJet can ill-afford to cede all the revenue to rival Air Canada and non-Canadian airlines operating on trans-Atlantic routes. In the short term the airline finds itself in a position of now attempting to engender passenger confidence that its operational snafus are temporary, and its product proposition remains intact. © 2016 CAPA Centre for Aviation :: Contact Us :: Terms & Conditions :: Cookies & Privacy Policy :: Glossary :: Feedback :: All times are in AEST (GMT +11)
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » REVENUE UP 1pc TO $12.7bn Emirates Group headquarters building. Emirates Group H1 profits slide 64pc to $364m DUBAI, 6 days ago The Emirates Group today reported a net profit of Dh1.3 billion ($364 million) for the first six months of its 2016-17 financial year, down 64 per cent compared to the same period last year. The group held steady on revenue, but profit was hit by the double impact of a strong US dollar and challenging operating environment for the airline and travel business, it said. The Emirates Group revenue was Dh46.5 billion ($12.7 billion) for the first six months of its 2016-17 financial year, up 1 per cent from Dh46 billion ($12.5 billion) during the same period last year. The group’s cash position on 30th September 2016 was at Dh14.9 billion ($4.1 billion), compared to Dh23.5 billion ($6.4 billion) as at 31st March 2016. This is due to ongoing investments mainly into new aircraft, airline related infrastructure projects, business acquisitions, and the repayments of bonds totalling Dh4.1 billion ($1.1 billion), loans and lease liabilities, the group said. “Our performance for the first half of the 2016-17 financial year continues to be impacted by the strong US dollar against other major currencies. Increased competition, as well as the sustained economic and political uncertainty in many parts of the world has added downward pressure on prices as well as dampened travel demand,” said Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, chairman and chief executive, Emirates Airline and Group. He added: “The bleak global economic outlook appears to be the new norm, with no immediate resolution in sight. Against this backdrop, the Group has remained profitable and our solid business foundations continue to stand us in good stead. In the first six months of this year, both Emirates and dnata continued to grow in capability and capacity. Our past investments in product and services are now paying off, enabling us to retain valued clients and attract new customers - reflected in the airline’s passenger growth of 2.3 million. We continue to make strategic investments, because we know we have to work even harder for every customer, and make every dollar spent go even further through innovation and driving efficiency across our business.” In the past six months, the Group continued to develop and expand its employee base, increasing its overall staff count to over 103,000, a 9 per cent increase compared with March 31. This was mainly due to recent acquisitions in dnata businesses, and also required support for Emirates’ growing fleet. Emirates airline Emirates continues to invest in the most advanced wide-body aircraft to improve overall efficiency and provide better customer experience. During the first six months of the financial year, Emirates received 16 wide-body aircraft – 8 Airbus A380s, and 8 Boeing 777s, with 20 more new aircraft scheduled to be delivered before the end of the financial year. It also retired 19 older aircraft from its fleet with further 8 to be returned by March 31, 2017. Overall capacity during the first six months of the year increased 9 per cent to 30.2 billion Available Tonne Kilometres (ATKM). Capacity measured in Available Seat Kilometres (ASKM), grew by 12 per cent, whilst passenger traffic carried measured in Revenue Passenger Kilometres (RPKM) was up 8 per cent with average Passenger Seat Factor dropping to 75.3 per cent, compared with last year’s 78.3 per cent. Emirates carried 28.0 million passengers between April 1 and September 30, up 9 per cent from the same period last year. The volume of cargo uplifted remained stable at 1.3 million tonnes, a solid performance in a challenging air freight market. In the first half of the 2016-17 financial year, Emirates net profit is Dh786 million ($214 million), down 75 per cent, following one of the airline’s best half-year performances during the same period last year. Emirates revenue, including other operating income, of Dh41.9 billion ($11.4 billion) was slightly down by 1 per cent compared with Dh42.3 billion ($11.5 billion) recorded last year. This is due to the unfavourable currency environment - where the US dollar continued to strengthen against most other major currencies; and increased competition resulting in lower average fares. The airline was also impacted by currency devaluation and hard currency shortage in some African countries, as well as dampened travel demand due to the ongoing economic malaise and looming security concerns across major markets in its network, it said. Emirates operating costs grew by 5 per cent against the overall capacity increase of 9 per cent. On average, fuel costs were 10 per cent\ lower compared to the same period last year. However, fuel remained the largest component of the airline’s cost, accounting for 24 per cent of operating costs compared with 28 per cent in the first six months of last year. Dnata Dnata continued to strengthen its global businesses which now span 83 countries. In the first half of 2016-17, dnata’s international operations accounted for over 67 per cent of its total revenue. Dnata’s revenue, including other operating income, is Dh6 billion ($1.6 billion), a robust 14 per cent increase compared to Dh5.2 billion ($1.4 billion) last year.  - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Emirates | profit | Revenue | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers Al Faisaliah Hotel summit to feature Como Hotels chef Mövenpick Hotels Jordan wins two top awards Oman Air concludes a successful WTM London GCC airlines should change how they market and sell to customers - study Dine with a difference at Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel & Spa Emirates boosts fleet with new A380, B777 aircraft Turkish Airlines offers GCC passengers special fares to Europe Busy Rooms, Thomas Cook ink strategic agreement 158,714 hotels rooms 'under contract' in ME 90pc of US,UK theme park guests want pre-booking-survey RJ, AccesRail ink key agreement Indonesia first SE Asian nation to announce Dubai Expo participation Hack your way into a flight upgrade Abu Dhabi residents get a glimpse of Korean culture Passenger traffic at DWC surges 161pc in Q3 Aviator Lifestyle to participate at Big Boys Toys exhibition First Group breaks ground on 34-storey Dubai hotel tower Etihad receives top recognition Emirates passengers can get UAE visa via mobile app New sales head for Le Méridien Dubai Hotel & Conference Centre Qatar Airways fined by US for flying over 'prohibited airspace' VR, robots to become the future of theme parks Gulf Air adds Colombo to destination network Air Arabia Q3 net profit up 26pc Trump effect dampens ME tourism to the US Al Futtaim, InterCon ink deal for UAE's largest Holiday Inn Family-friendly staycation at Emirates Park Zoo and Resort Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha wins two top honours Emirates Skywards adds The Wall Street Journal to partner list Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
 Home Page | Photos | Video | Forum | Most Popular | Special Reports | Biz China Weekly Follow Us On Xinhua Weibo Sina Weibo Facebook Twitter YouTube Make Us Your Home Page Services | Database | Markets | Weather | Site Index | RSS | Feedback Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific Malaysian Edition Arabic Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) French Japanese Russian Spanish Global Edition|China|World|Business|Culture & Edu|Sports|Entertainment|Science & Technology|Health|Travel|Odd News |In-Depth Most Searched： •G20  •CPC  •South China Sea  •Belt and Road Initiative  •AIIB   Emirates Airline half-year profit plummets 75 pct Source: Xinhua   2016-11-09 16:42:13 Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo DUBAI, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- The United Arab Emirates (UAE) international carrier Emirates Airline reported Wednesday a 75 percent profit decline in the six-month period from April to September which stood at 214 million U.S. dollars compared to 849 million dollars in the same period last year. The Dubai government-controlled carrier said in an e-mailed statement that its revenue, including other operating income, of 11.4 billion dollars was down by 1 percent compared with 11.5 billion dollars recorded last year. "This is due to the unfavourable currency environment - where the US dollar continued to strengthen against most other major currencies, and increased competition resulting in lower average fares," said the airline. The airline was also impacted by currency devaluation and hard currency shortage in some African countries, as well as decreased travel demand due to the ongoing economic slump, the statement added. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Emirates Airline and Group added that "increased competition, as well as the sustained economic and political uncertainty in many parts of the world has added downward pressure on prices as well as dampened travel demand." He also said that "Against this backdrop, the Group has remained profitable and our solid business foundations continue to stand us in good stead." Earlier last month, Emirate Airline President Sir Tim Clark said the Brexit referendum on June 23 in the United Kingdom led to some repercussions on the airline's operations as well, and that the carrier was considering reducing services to destinations in Africa. During the first six months of the financial year, Emirates received 16 wide-body aircraft comprised of eight Airbus A380s, and eight Boeing 777s, with 20 more new aircraft scheduled for delivery before the end of the financial year. Furthermore, the airline retired 19 older aircraft from its fleet with a further eight to be returned by 31 March 2017. Emirates expanded its global route network by launching passenger services to four new destinations including Yinchuan and Zhengzhou in China, Yangon in Myanmar, and Hanoi in Vietnam. As of 30 Sept. Emirates' global network spanned 155 destinations in 82 countries, with Fort Lauderdale to come online on 15 December 2016. Emirates has 248 planes in operation, three less than a year ago. On August 4, 2016, Emirates lost a Boeing 777 passenger plane flying from Thiruvananthapuram, India, to Dubai, which crashed during an emergency landing in Dubai International Airport, killing one firefighter during the rescue operations. The 300 passengers including 18 crew onboard managed to escape the blaze and were unharmed however. Editor: liuxin Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Related News             Back to Top Photos  >> Racing to rescue boy trapped in north China well Technology adds luster to 11.11 shopping festival 8th Uzbekistan China Xinjiang products exhibition held in Tashkent U.S. presidential elections kick off 2015, warmest year on record: WMO Installation art work Giant Egg Rain seen in Santiago Video  >> Chinese premier, Russian president meet on promoting China-Russia ties Interview: China, Russia aim for peaceful coexistence   Special Reports  >> Premier Li visits Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Russia, attends series of int'l meetings 2016 U.S. presidential election Xinhuanet Home Latest China World Photo Business Sports Video Sci-Tech Health Showbiz Emirates Airline half-year profit plummets 75 pct Source: Xinhua 2016-11-09 16:42:13 [Editor: huaxia] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo DUBAI, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- The United Arab Emirates (UAE) international carrier Emirates Airline reported Wednesday a 75 percent profit decline in the six-month period from April to September which stood at 214 million U.S. dollars compared to 849 million dollars in the same period last year. The Dubai government-controlled carrier said in an e-mailed statement that its revenue, including other operating income, of 11.4 billion dollars was down by 1 percent compared with 11.5 billion dollars recorded last year. "This is due to the unfavourable currency environment - where the US dollar continued to strengthen against most other major currencies, and increased competition resulting in lower average fares," said the airline. The airline was also impacted by currency devaluation and hard currency shortage in some African countries, as well as decreased travel demand due to the ongoing economic slump, the statement added. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Emirates Airline and Group added that "increased competition, as well as the sustained economic and political uncertainty in many parts of the world has added downward pressure on prices as well as dampened travel demand." He also said that "Against this backdrop, the Group has remained profitable and our solid business foundations continue to stand us in good stead." Earlier last month, Emirate Airline President Sir Tim Clark said the Brexit referendum on June 23 in the United Kingdom led to some repercussions on the airline's operations as well, and that the carrier was considering reducing services to destinations in Africa. During the first six months of the financial year, Emirates received 16 wide-body aircraft comprised of eight Airbus A380s, and eight Boeing 777s, with 20 more new aircraft scheduled for delivery before the end of the financial year. Furthermore, the airline retired 19 older aircraft from its fleet with a further eight to be returned by 31 March 2017. Emirates expanded its global route network by launching passenger services to four new destinations including Yinchuan and Zhengzhou in China, Yangon in Myanmar, and Hanoi in Vietnam. As of 30 Sept. Emirates' global network spanned 155 destinations in 82 countries, with Fort Lauderdale to come online on 15 December 2016. Emirates has 248 planes in operation, three less than a year ago. On August 4, 2016, Emirates lost a Boeing 777 passenger plane flying from Thiruvananthapuram, India, to Dubai, which crashed during an emergency landing in Dubai International Airport, killing one firefighter during the rescue operations. The 300 passengers including 18 crew onboard managed to escape the blaze and were unharmed however. [Editor: huaxia] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2016 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved. 010020070750000000000000011100001358173051
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Irish-based Apollo Aviation to get $640m securitising 35 aircraft Aircraft finance specialist to manage and service transaction through subsidiary Wed, Nov 9, 2016, 07:00 Barry O'Halloran The 35 aircraft Apollo Aviation is securitising are leased to carriers such as American Airlines, Virgin and Viva Aerobús. Photograph: Mike Fuentes/Bloomberg         Irish-based aircraft finance specialist Apollo Aviation will realise $640 million from the securitisation of 35 aircraft leased to carriers such as American Airlines, Virgin and Viva Aerobús. The aircraft lessor, with offices in Dublin, Miami and Singapore, is establishing Apollo Aviation Securitisation Equity Trust 2016-2, which will borrow $640 million to buy 35 craft from the company and a number of third parties. It will borrow the cash in a series of tranches and secure it against the aircraft, which will remain on lease to their airlines. The company will manage and service the transaction through a subsidiary, Apollo Aviation Management. Aircraft lessors frequently securitise their craft by transferring them to special-purpose vehicles that raise the money to buy the aircraft from the capital markets. The exercise allows lessors to cash in on their assets. Third securitisation Apollo’s latest deal is the second securitisation that it will have completed this year and the third overall since it was founded in 2002. The craft involved are a mix of Boeing and Airbus manufactured aircraft that are used mainly for short-haul flights. The carriers to which they are leased include American Airlines, Virgin America, India’s SpiceJet, Air Berlin and Mexico’s Viva Aerobús, the company in which Irish businessman Declan Ryan’s Irlandia Aviation is selling its 49 per cent stake. Standard & Poors and Kroll are expected to give the loans taken out by the securitisation ratings between A and BBB, implying a low risk of default. Apollo’s chairman, William Hoffman, said the company was continuing to build on its position as a premier aviation asset manager.       Topics: Declan Ryan William Hoffman TRUST A Air Berlin Airbus American Airlines Apollo Group Bbb Boeing Irlandia Aviation Spicejet Virgin Virgin America Viva Aerobus Dublin(IE) India Mexico Miami Singapore Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Snapchat has secretly filed for flotation, sources claim Personal Finance The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of Golf Rory McIlroy focusing on Major improvement in 2017 Ireland The top five spots in Dublin to go for a walk with the kids Sponsored World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Snapchat has secretly filed for flotation, sources claim 22:06 Three’s revenues rise in first full reporting year since O2 buyout 19:20 Lidl seeks tenants to open beside it in Tallaght in 2017 19:00 Global bond markets rebound as euro-dollar parity bets soar 18:52 European shares edge up as oil rallies 18:21 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 2 Aer Lingus and Ryanair could agree to passenger transfers 3 Global bond markets rebound as euro-dollar parity bets soar 4 UK faces hefty Brexit bill as EU negotiators take tough stance 5 Laura Slattery: Media record is stained but it is Trump who is appalling 6 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 7 Dublin’s development plan short on density 8 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 9 Craft beer makers raise a glass as production levels soar 10 New Appian fund plans to invest €50m in Irish property Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 16/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Local Politics Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Jim Brunner Olympia Seattle Income Inequality All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local Politics Jim Brunner Olympia Seattle Income Inequality All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local Politics Login Subscribe Local News Local Politics Northwest Puget Sound Republicans celebrate under Puget Sound area’s blue bubble Originally published November 8, 2016 at 10:05 pm Updated November 9, 2016 at 3:24 pm Washington Republicans react as Donald Trump is elected president of the United States. (Katie G. Cotterill / The Seattle Times) As Donald Trump appeared headed toward the presidency, what started out as a hopeful, even celebratory night in Democrat-dominated Washington turned toward despair. Share story By David Gutman Seattle Times staff reporter As Donald Trump appeared headed toward the presidency in a stunning rebuke to pollsters and political forecasting, what started out as a hopeful, even celebratory night in Democratic-dominated Washington turned toward despair. The Associated Press called Washington state for Hillary Clinton not long after the polls closed — she led 56 to 38 percent in the Tuesday count. But the rest of the country appeared a lot more like Eastern Washington — nearly every county east of the Cascade Mountains voted in lockstep for Trump — than like the deep-blue Puget Sound region. LOCAL REACTION The state Democratic Party was serving blue vodka cocktails dubbed “The Madam President” at its election night party at the Westin in downtown Seattle.   Full local, national results Mayor: Seattle will remain sanctuary city for immigrants despite Trump Jonathan Martin | There wasn't a 'Trump effect' in Washington What does Trump’s election mean, how will it impact the country? Clinton on pace to win popular vote, despite losing election Pot legalization marches ahead; Trump calls it ‘state issue’ Republicans celebrate under Puget Sound area's blue bubble Seattle reacts to Trump’s victory: ‘Shocked, strangely unfazed’ Danny Westneat | The year the white man roared Jon Talton | The economic consequences of President Trump Jerry Large | Voters who lost must stay engaged now more than ever As swing state after swing state began to tilt Trump, the crowd looked stunned. The mood grew darker. A brass band did little to lift the crowd’s spirits. “We thought it would feel different at this point,” said Maggie Carr of Seattle. Across Lake Washington, at the GOP event at the Hyatt Regency Bellevue, it was just the opposite. “What you are seeing tonight is the anger in the country, the silent majority has spoken up,” said Kay Meyers, 72, of Mukilteo. “We will have a major change with Donald Trump.” Many attendees wore stickers ironically identifying themselves as “deplorables,” in reference to a September remark by Clinton caught on tape at a private fundraiser. Susan Hutchison, chairman of the state Republican Party and one of the few prominent Washington Republicans to wholeheartedly support Trump, was ebullient. “We had no idea what would happen. We hoped and we prayed,” she said. “They took a chance on a guy they didn’t know instead of a woman they know all too well.” Befitting a divided nation, AMC Theaters held partisan viewing parties in 25 cities across the country — Democrats watching in one theater, Republicans in another. At the pro-Trump theater, the AMC Southcenter in Tukwila, only eight people showed up. As the night wore on, and the pollsters kept being proved wrong, the Republicans’ cheers kept growing. Anthony Catalfamo, 38, of Auburn, a materials processor at Boeing, was there with his wife, Alexes, 33. “I’m a team leader and a union steward,” he said. “Almost everyone I know is for Trump.” Trump famously called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. Khalid Lites, an Army veteran and Muslim American, watched the results come in with his wife and three young children in his Shoreline home. A Clinton supporter, he said he was alarmed by a Trump presidency, but dismissed the Muslim ban as a campaign tactic. “If he wins office, obviously he’s going to have to change his rhetoric completely,” Lites said. “I’m compelled, not only by my faith, to show respect to one another, but also as an American. So I wish and I pray that in days to come we can try to find some common ground.” At Fall City Firearms in Redmond, owner Lee Stallman favored Trump — citing his support of gun rights and his hard-line stance on immigration — but had been preparing for Clinton. More than 100 recently acquired rifles cluttered the alleys of his shop. He’s been stocking up, anticipating a rush in demand if Clinton, who is perceived as anti-gun, was elected. “He’s obviously boisterous and crass sometimes, but I agree with what he says,” Stallman said. “I told my wife, either we win politically or we win as a merchant.” As the results came in, Emma Kates-Shaw started hyperventilating, in a near panic attack. She walked to Capitol Hill’s Wildrose bar to “to be with people who feel the pain like I do.” She pointed at MSNBC’s electoral map. “It’s like a blue exterior with a red interior, groups of people who aren’t even talking to each other,” she said. “We’re so, so divided now, we can’t even have a conversation.” Seattle Times staff writers Angel Gonzalez, Lynda Mapes, Erik Lacitis, Nina Shapiro, Katherine Long and Brendan Kiley contributed to this report. David Gutman: 206-464-2926 or dgutman@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @davidlgutman Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Bob Ferguson easily keeps Washington attorney general post Previous Story Pierce County Executive Pat McCarthy appears headed to a win in state auditor’s contest Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Directed Energy Weapons Market by Technology, HEL System, Product, End User, Application, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 08, 2016, 23:32 ET Share this article LONDON, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- "Rising need for precision weapons and increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces are the major factors expected to drive the growth of the directed energy weapons market in near future." The directed energy weapons market is expected to grow from USD 6.87 billion in 2016 to USD 24.45 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 28.90% from 2016 to 2021. The growth of the market is expected to be driven by several factors, such as increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces, change in nature of warfare from conventional to urban warfare, and increasing demand for non-lethal deterrents, among others. However, high cost of development of directed energy weapons and susceptibility to degradation by environment may restrain the growth of the market in the coming years. "Lethal segment to witness higher growth during the forecast period" The key products considered in the directed energy weapons market are lethal and non-lethal weapons. The lethal segment is expected to witness higher growth, owing to increased investments for the development of lethal weapons to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of military operations, globally. "North America dominates; Asia-Pacific to witness highest growth in the directed energy weapons market" North America dominated the directed energy weapons market in 2015. The U.S. is the largest developer and exporter of directed energy weapons, globally, which has resulted in North America contributing the largest share to the directed energy weapons market. The market in Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period. This rapid growth of the directed energy weapons market in the region can be attributed to the fact that several countries in Asia-Pacific, including China, India, Japan, and South Korea have initiated programs for the development of directed energy weapons. With the rapid advancements and adoption of technologies in the region, the directed energy weapons market in the Asia-Pacific is projected to grow significantly during the forecast period (2016 to 2021). "Break-up of profile of primary participants for the directed energy weapons market" - By Company Type - Tier 1 – 45 %, Tier 2 – 35% and Tier 3 – 20% - By Designation – C Level –50%, Director Level – 35%, Others – 15% - By Region – North America - 44%, Europe – 35%, APAC – 15%, RoW – 6% The companies profiled in the report include Lockheed Martin (U.S.), The Raytheon Company (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Boeing Company (U.S.), and BAE systems (U.K.), among others. Research Coverage: The directed energy weapons market has been segmented based on product (lethal, non-lethal), application (defense, homeland security), HEL systems (solid-state laser, chemical laser, free electron laser, fiber laser), end user (airborne, land vehicles, gun shot, ship-based) and region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Latin America, Africa). Reasons to Buy the Report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analysis, including industry analysis (industry trends and technology trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which analyzes the competitive landscape of the players operational in the market; emerging and high-growth segments of the directed energy weapons market; high-growth regions and countries and their respective regulatory policies; government initiatives; and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on directed energy weapons offered by the top 10 players in the directed energy weapons market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the directed energy weapons market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets - the report analyses the markets for directed energy weapons across regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the directed energy weapons market Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the directed energy weapons market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4284034/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/directed-energy-weapons-market-by-technology-hel-system-product-end-user-application-and-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300359654.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Nov 08, 2016, 23:34 ET Preview: Global Chronic Kidney Disease Partnering 2010 to 2016 Nov 08, 2016, 23:30 ET Preview: 2016 Hemostasis Diagnostic Analyzers and Reagents in 33 Countries: Supplier Shares and Strategies, Sales Segment Forecasts, Volume Projections for 40 Tests, Instrumentation Review, Emerging Technologies, Opportunities for Suppliers My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18:31 ETBRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to... 18:23 ETDegenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Directed Energy Weapons Market by Technology, HEL System, Product, End User, Application, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 08, 2016, 23:32 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Directed Energy Weapons Market by Technology, HEL System, Product, End User, Application, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 By Published: Nov 8, 2016 11:32 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- "Rising need for precision weapons and increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces are the major factors expected to drive the growth of the directed energy weapons market in near future." The directed energy weapons market is expected to grow from USD 6.87 billion in 2016 to USD 24.45 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 28.90% from 2016 to 2021. The growth of the market is expected to be driven by several factors, such as increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces, change in nature of warfare from conventional to urban warfare, and increasing demand for non-lethal deterrents, among others. However, high cost of development of directed energy weapons and susceptibility to degradation by environment may restrain the growth of the market in the coming years. "Lethal segment to witness higher growth during the forecast period" The key products considered in the directed energy weapons market are lethal and non-lethal weapons. The lethal segment is expected to witness higher growth, owing to increased investments for the development of lethal weapons to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of military operations, globally. "North America dominates; Asia-Pacific to witness highest growth in the directed energy weapons market" North America dominated the directed energy weapons market in 2015. The U.S. is the largest developer and exporter of directed energy weapons, globally, which has resulted in North America contributing the largest share to the directed energy weapons market. The market in Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period. This rapid growth of the directed energy weapons market in the region can be attributed to the fact that several countries in Asia-Pacific, including China, India, Japan, and South Korea have initiated programs for the development of directed energy weapons. With the rapid advancements and adoption of technologies in the region, the directed energy weapons market in the Asia-Pacific is projected to grow significantly during the forecast period (2016 to 2021). "Break-up of profile of primary participants for the directed energy weapons market" By Company Type - Tier 1 – 45 %, Tier 2 – 35% and Tier 3 – 20% - By Designation – C Level –50%, Director Level – 35%, Others – 15% - By Region – North America - 44%, Europe – 35%, APAC – 15%, RoW – 6% The companies profiled in the report include Lockheed Martin (U.S.), The Raytheon Company (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Boeing Company (U.S.), and BAE systems (U.K.), among others. Research Coverage: The directed energy weapons market has been segmented based on product (lethal, non-lethal), application (defense, homeland security), HEL systems (solid-state laser, chemical laser, free electron laser, fiber laser), end user (airborne, land vehicles, gun shot, ship-based) and region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Latin America, Africa). Reasons to Buy the Report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analysis, including industry analysis (industry trends and technology trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which analyzes the competitive landscape of the players operational in the market; emerging and high-growth segments of the directed energy weapons market; high-growth regions and countries and their respective regulatory policies; government initiatives; and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on directed energy weapons offered by the top 10 players in the directed energy weapons market Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the directed energy weapons market Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets - the report analyses the markets for directed energy weapons across regions Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the directed energy weapons market Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the directed energy weapons market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4284034/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/directed-energy-weapons-market-by-technology-hel-system-product-end-user-application-and-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300359654.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Directed Energy Weapons Market by Technology, HEL System, Product, End User, Application, and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 LONDON, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — “Rising need for precision weapons and increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces are the major factors expected to drive the growth of the directed energy weapons market in near future.” The directed energy weapons market is expected to grow from USD 6.87 billion in 2016 to USD 24.45 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 28.90% from 2016 to 2021. The growth of the market is expected to be driven by several factors, such as increasing demand of laser weapons in naval forces, change in nature of warfare from conventional to urban warfare, and increasing demand for non-lethal deterrents, among others. However, high cost of development of directed energy weapons and susceptibility to degradation by environment may restrain the growth of the market in the coming years. “Lethal segment to witness higher growth during the forecast period” The key products considered in the directed energy weapons market are lethal and non-lethal weapons. The lethal segment is expected to witness higher growth, owing to increased investments for the development of lethal weapons to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of military operations, globally. “North America dominates; Asia-Pacific to witness highest growth in the directed energy weapons market” North America dominated the directed energy weapons market in 2015. The U.S. is the largest developer and exporter of directed energy weapons, globally, which has resulted in North America contributing the largest share to the directed energy weapons market. The market in Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period. This rapid growth of the directed energy weapons market in the region can be attributed to the fact that several countries in Asia-Pacific, including China, India, Japan, and South Korea have initiated programs for the development of directed energy weapons. With the rapid advancements and adoption of technologies in the region, the directed energy weapons market in the Asia-Pacific is projected to grow significantly during the forecast period (2016 to 2021). “Break-up of profile of primary participants for the directed energy weapons market” – By Company Type – Tier 1 – 45 %, Tier 2 – 35% and Tier 3 – 20% – By Designation – C Level –50%, Director Level – 35%, Others – 15% – By Region – North America – 44%, Europe – 35%, APAC – 15%, RoW – 6% The companies profiled in the report include Lockheed Martin (U.S.), The Raytheon Company (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Boeing Company (U.S.), and BAE systems (U.K.), among others. Research Coverage: The directed energy weapons market has been segmented based on product (lethal, non-lethal), application (defense, homeland security), HEL systems (solid-state laser, chemical laser, free electron laser, fiber laser), end user (airborne, land vehicles, gun shot, ship-based) and region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Latin America, Africa). Reasons to Buy the Report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analysis, including industry analysis (industry trends and technology trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which analyzes the competitive landscape of the players operational in the market; emerging and high-growth segments of the directed energy weapons market; high-growth regions and countries and their respective regulatory policies; government initiatives; and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: – Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on directed energy weapons offered by the top 10 players in the directed energy weapons market – Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the directed energy weapons market – Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets – the report analyses the markets for directed energy weapons across regions – Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the directed energy weapons market Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the directed energy weapons market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4284034/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 9, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: 2016 Hemostasis Diagnostic Analyzers and Reagents in 33 Countries: Supplier Shares and Strategies, Sales Segment Forecasts, Volume Projections for 40 Tests, Instrumentation Review, Emerging Technologies, Opportunities for Suppliers Next Next post: Global Chronic Kidney Disease Partnering 2010 to 2016 Search for: Search Recent Posts Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Water Leaders "Bringing Water Together" at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Yankee Analysts Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Stock Price Targets in Spotlight: Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) By William Abels - November 9, 2016 SHARE Facebook Twitter Research analysts covering Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL) are projecting that the shares reach $21.333 within the next 12-18 months.  This is the consensus number derived from the 6 analyst reports taken into consideration. The most bullish, or aggressive analyst target pins the projected price at $22.5, while the most bearish, or conservative analyst sees the stock reaching $16. Broker Rating Update on Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL) Zacks provides analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations. Shares of Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL) currently have an ABR of 3.14. This is based on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.  Moving to earnings estimates, for this current fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have projected that the company will post $0.15 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts will likely revise their estimates leading in to the actual results date.   taking a look at the most recent period, which closed on 2016-09-30, Intersil Corporation reported EPS of $0.18 for a surprise factor of 20%, calculated by being $0.03 away from analyst projections. Investors will be marking their calendars for 2017-01-25, when the company is planning to release their quarterly results. During the most recent trading session, Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) shares traded +0.18%. Tracking the stock price in relation to moving averages may provide enhanced perspective on stock performance. After a recent look, the stock has been seen trading $6.32 off of the 50-day moving average of $135.88 and $9.71 separated from the 200-day moving average of $132.49. Taking a further look from a different perspective, the stock has been recently recorded -5.57% off of the 52-week high of 150.59 and +39.28% apart from the 52-week low of 102.10. Monitoring stock price activity relative to moving averages and the highs and lows for the past year might help with future stock price value assessment.  Price Target in Focus While monitoring stock technicals is important, most investors are more concerned with where the stock might be going now.  Equity research analysts have provided views on where they believe the stock will be trading in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $150.78 on company shares. This is a near-term estimate for the next 12-18 months. Currently, Boeing Company (The) Common Sto has a price to earnings ratio of 21.73. Analysts and investors may also opt to evaluate a company's PEG or price to earnings growth ratio. The stock currently has a PEG Ratio of 2.09. William Abels LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Latest Netflix Up More Than 3% October 5, 2016 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Closes Fast-Casual Prototypes as Part of “Strategic... October 5, 2016 Oil Prices Surge on Fifth Straight Week of Falling Inventories October 5, 2016 Deutsche Bank Needs to Show Business Model Is Viable in Low... October 5, 2016 Tenax Therapeutics Slumps 8% October 5, 2016 © All Rights Reserved YankeeAnalysts.com Get Free Penny Stock Picks in Your Inbox!
Politics BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's how an American astronaut cast his vote from space Rowena Lindsay, Christian Science Monitor Nov. 8, 2016, 7:42 PM 10,677 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shane Kimbrough Ivan Sekretarev/AP Photo Every four years, millions of American voters both abroad and at home US cast their ballot for president without going to the polls, mailing in absentee ballots to vote from afar. And a few ballots digitally make the 250-mile journey from the International Space Station to the Earth's surface.  This year, Shane Kimbrough, currently the only American in space, cast his ballot from the International Space Station (ISS) Monday. Kate Rubins also voted early, submitting her ballot before returning to Earth last week after a four-month stint on the ISS. For the purposes of voting, the astronauts’ address is listed as “low-Earth orbit.” The "voting process starts a year before launch, when astronauts are able to select which elections (local/state/federal) that they want to participate in while in space," NASA officials said recently in a blog post. "Then, six months before the election, astronauts are provided with a standard form: the 'Voter Registration and Absentee Ballot Request – Federal Post Card Application.' " Johnson Space Center sends a digital version of the classic absentee ballotto the ISS and when crewmembers have filled them out the ballots are sent directly to voting authorities, according to Johnson Space Center officials. The first American to vote in space was David Wolf in 1997, who voted from the Russian Mir Space Station. Since most astronauts lived near Houston, Texas passed a law allowing astronauts to vote while off planet in any local, state, or federal elections scheduled during their mission. Michael Reaves/Getty Images "I think it's pretty amazing," Dr. Rubins said in an October interview for NASA's weekly "Space to Ground" ISS update. "It's very incredible that we're able to vote from up here, and I think it's incredibly important for us to vote in all of the elections." Their votes are particularly important because the two candidates have very different views on the future of America’s space program. Donald Trump has said he will encourage joint projects between NASA and private space companies, such as SpaceX, Boeing, and Blue Origin, but that public money is more needed in infrastructure here on Earth than on Mars. And while the Republican nominee has spoken highly of NASA, he has said that economic stability and military defense must come first. "If we are growing with all of our people employed and our military readiness back to acceptable levels, then we can take a look at the timeline for sending more people into space," Trump told Mic. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has said that she wanted to be an astronaut as a child and even wrote to NASA about what the requirements were only to be told that they were not currently accepting applications from women. In addition to promising to declassify government information on UFOs, Clinton has said that she supports private space companies but feels that the future of cosmological discoveries lies with NASA and its funding should reflect that. Read the original article on Christian Science Monitor. Copyright 2016. More from Christian Science Monitor: When will the Federal Aviation Administration go high-tech? For these clever tool-making cockatoos, the material might not matter Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD What Steve Bannon's White House appointment means to the alt-right NOW WATCH: JACK DANIEL’S MASTER DISTILLER: This is the real difference between scotch, whiskey, and bourbon Loading video... More: NASA Astronaut Vote Election 2016 Election Day 2016 Elections Space Christian Science Monitor Politics Science Tech facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's how an American astronaut cast his vote from space Here's how an American astronaut cast his vote from space Every four years, millions of American voters... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Politics Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Politics Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look How NASA astronauts cast their votes ... from spaaaaace! (+video) Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? For these clever tool-making cockatoos, the material might not matter Columbia wrestling: How much of an 'I' is there in a team scandal? Can a crowdfunded telescope find an Earth-like planet? Shane Kimbrough, the sole American astronaut aboard the International Space Station, cast his vote Monday via a digital version of the familiar federal absentee ballot. By Rowena Lindsay, Staff November 8, 2016 Save for later Saved US astronaut Shane Kimbrough, a member of the main crew to the International Space Station (ISS), talks to his relatives prior to the launch of the Soyuz MS-02 space ship, in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Oct. 19. Ivan Sekretarev/AP View Caption About video ads View Caption of Every four years, millions of American voters both abroad and at home US cast their ballot for president without going to the polls, mailing in absentee ballots to vote from afar. And a few ballots digitally make the 250-mile journey from the International Space Station to the Earth's surface.  This year, Shane Kimbrough, currently the only American in space, cast his ballot from the International Space Station (ISS) Monday. Kate Rubins also voted early, submitting her ballot before returning to Earth last week after a four-month stint on the ISS. For the purposes of voting, the astronauts’ address is listed as “low-Earth orbit.” The "voting process starts a year before launch, when astronauts are able to select which elections (local/state/federal) that they want to participate in while in space," NASA officials said recently in a blog post. "Then, six months before the election, astronauts are provided with a standard form: the 'Voter Registration and Absentee Ballot Request – Federal Post Card Application.' " Recommended: Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Johnson Space Center sends a digital version of the classic absentee ballot to the ISS and when crewmembers have filled them out the ballots are sent directly to voting authorities, according to Johnson Space Center officials. Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/15 The first American to vote in space was David Wolf in 1997, who voted from the Russian Mir Space Station. Since most astronauts lived near Houston, Texas passed a law allowing astronauts to vote while off planet in any local, state, or federal elections scheduled during their mission. "I think it's pretty amazing," Dr. Rubins said in an October interview for NASA's weekly "Space to Ground" ISS update. "It's very incredible that we're able to vote from up here, and I think it's incredibly important for us to vote in all of the elections." Their votes are particularly important because the two candidates have very different views on the future of America’s space program. Donald Trump has said he will encourage joint projects between NASA and private space companies, such as SpaceX, Boeing, and Blue Origin, but that public money is more needed in infrastructure here on Earth than on Mars. And while the Republican nominee has spoken highly of NASA, he has said that economic stability and military defense must come first. "If we are growing with all of our people employed and our military readiness back to acceptable levels, then we can take a look at the timeline for sending more people into space," Trump told Mic. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has said that she wanted to be an astronaut as a child and even wrote to NASA about what the requirements were only to be told that they were not currently accepting applications from women. In addition to promising to declassify government information on UFOs, Clinton has said that she supports private space companies but feels that the future of cosmological discoveries lies with NASA and its funding should reflect that. Next up Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! First Look What does the future hold for NASA? Depends on the next president. Modern Parenthood A six-year-old explains why NASA matters (+video) What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? (+video) Is US trying to defeat ISIS too quickly? How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us Popular Now First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look 2016 on track to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/15 Latest News Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller BREAKING NEWS Apartment building in Tennyson St, Wellington, evacuated ... read more Ryanair advertises for personal assistant to CEO, labels it the 'worst job in Ireland' Last updated 11:43, November 9 2016 Reuters Would you want to work alongside Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary? An Irish airline has advertised for a personal assistant to the "misunderstood but beloved" CEO, calling it the "worst job in Ireland". Ryanair is seeking an accountant who has "saint-like patience" to work alongside the company's controversial boss, Michael O'Leary. The tongue-in-cheek advertisement for the "worst job in Ireland" was posted to the budget airline's careers website and despite its teasing tone, appears to be a genuine job.  The job has a long list of requirements, including ego massage qualifications. Applicants with "thick skin" have until 18 November to apply but cyclists and Man United fans need not bother. Read more: * Four arrested after mid flight punch-up between passengers forces Ryanair flight to divert * Ryanair review: Airline does what it says on the tin * 'Sexually suggestive' Ryanair ads banned * Ryanair apologises to French football fans for offensive tweet   Sign up for the Two Minutes of Stuff newsletter Ryanair is a love-it or loathe-it European airline which generally offers cheap flights for a no-frills service. At the helm of the Dublin-based carrier is O'Leary who isn't known to mince his words. The Telegraph recently went into the archives and found O'Leary's most outrageous quotes.  On weighing passengers, the 55-year-old businessman famously said: "Nobody wants to sit beside a really fat f..... on board. We have been frankly astonished at the number of customers who don't only want to tax fat people but torture them." The foul-mouthed boss even considered charging people to use toilet roll: "One thing we have looked at is maybe putting a coin slot on the toilet door so that people might actually have to spend a pound to spend a penny in the future. Ad Feedback "If someone wanted to pay £5 to go to the toilet I would carry them myself. I would wipe their bums for a fiver." On cancelling their aircraft order with Boeing, he said: "Boeing had their chance. Eventually you lose interest, dealing with a bunch of idiots who can't make a decision. They are a bunch of numpties out in Seattle." However, in recent times, O'Leary has opted to stay out of the spotlight after the airline launched a more "customer-friendly" attitude.  After reading those quotes, we're not sure how many applicants the "beloved CEO" will get.        - Stuff Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next News story: Cowboy Paradise resolves stoush with West Coast authorities Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Blogger forgives eerie copycat No carry-on bags allowed Passengers sue over plane fire Pilot shuts down Trump fight NZ's 'shaky isles' still on tourist map 5 fun trips for Christmas fans 'Most of our ghosts are friendly' London's best new restaurants Only superjumbos, 777s for Emirates Plane damaged in Brisbane storm Tourists told NZ is safe Petra is rose-red and awe inspiring Italy and Spain in one trip How not to be an ugly American Passenger threat on Air NZ flight Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Weta 'IT geek' captures Wellington tsunami surge after earthquake rocks New Zealand Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved A warning to expect the worst Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Wellington: What you need to know - Wednesday Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Don Henley announces New Zealand tour with singer Jewel Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Copa Holdings Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2016 Excluding special items, adjusted net income came in at $55.3 million, or adjusted EPS of $1.30 per share News provided by Copa Holdings, S.A. Nov 08, 2016, 16:30 ET Share this article PANAMA CITY, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA), today announced financial results for the third quarter of 2016 (3Q16). The terms "Copa Holdings" or "the Company" refer to the consolidated entity. The following financial information, unless otherwise indicated, is presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).  See the accompanying reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to IFRS financial information included in financial tables section of this earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons with prior periods refer to the third quarter of 2015 (3Q15). OPERATING AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Copa Holdings reported net income of US$74.0 million for 3Q16, or diluted earnings per share (EPS) of US$1.75.  Excluding special items, Copa Holdings would have reported an adjusted net income of $55.3 million, or $1.30 per share, a 47.8% increase from adjusted net income of US$37.4 million and US$0.85 per share for 3Q15. Operating income for 3Q16 came in at US$77.2 million, a 52.7% increase from operating income of US$50.6 million in 3Q15.  Operating margin for the period came in at 13.6% or 4.3 percentage points higher than 3Q15, as a result of stronger unit revenues and lower unit costs.  Operating results for the quarter were affected by realized fuel hedge losses of US$22.2 million, compared to US$24.1 million in 3Q15.  Excluding these realized fuel hedge losses, operating margin for the quarter would have been 17.5% for 3Q16, and 13.6% for 3Q15.   Total revenues increased 4.0% year over year to US$569 million, as higher load factors offset a 7.6% reduction in yield per passenger mile.  As a result, operating revenue per available seat mile (RASM) increased 1.8% to 10.3 cents when compared to 3Q2015.    For 3Q16, passenger traffic (RPMs) grew 12.7% year over year on a 2.0% capacity expansion.  As a result, consolidated load factor came in at 84.2%, or 8.0 percentage points above 3Q15. Operating cost per available seat mile (CASM) declined 2.9% year over year to 8.9 cents. CASM, excluding fuel, decreased 0.9% year over year to 6.4 cents. Cash, short term and long term investments ended 3Q16 at US$773.4 million, representing 36% of the last twelve months' revenues. During the quarter, Copa Airlines returned two leased EMB-190s. Copa Holdings ended the quarter with a consolidated fleet of 99 aircraft.  For 3Q16, Copa Holdings reported consolidated on-time performance of 90.1% and a flight-completion factor of 99.8%, maintaining its position among the best in the industry. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On Oct 20, 2016 Copa Holdings launched Wingo, a low cost/low price product offering designed for passengers looking for a simple, no-frills travel option within Central, South America and the Caribbean.  Wingo will begin operations on December 1, 2016.  For more information, please visit www.wingo.com Copa Holdings will pay its fourth quarter dividend of US$0.51 per share on December 15, 2016, on all outstanding Class A and Class B shares, to stockholders of record as of November 30, 2016.  Consolidated Financial & Operating Highlights 3Q16 3Q15 % Change  2Q16 % Change  Revenue Passengers Carried ('000) 2,231 1,987 12.3% 2,020 10.5% RPMs (mm)  4,637 4,116 12.7% 4,178 11.0% ASMs (mm)  5,506 5,397 2.0% 5,335 3.2% Load Factor  84.2% 76.3% 8.0 p.p. 78.3% 5.9 p.p. Yield 11.8 12.7 -7.6% 11.3 3.8% PRASM (US$ Cents)  9.9 9.7 2.1% 8.9 11.7% RASM (US$ Cents)  10.3 10.1 1.8% 9.3 11.4% CASM (US$ Cents)  8.9 9.2 -2.9% 8.6 3.5% CASM Excl. Fuel (US$ Cents)  6.4 6.4 -0.9% 6.3 1.7% Breakeven Load Factor 70.2% 75.1% -4.9 p.p. 66.7% 3.5 p.p. Adjusted Breakeven Load Factor (1) 73.7% 69.4% 4.3 p.p. 73.7% 0.0 p.p. Fuel Gallons Consumed (Millions)  71.2 69.2 3.0% 69.4 2.7% Avg. Price Per Fuel Gallon (US$ Dollars) 1.97 2.16 -8.6% 1.81 9.1% Average Length of Haul (Miles) 2,079 2,071 0.4% 2,068 0.5% Average Stage Length (Miles) 1,237 1,233 0.3% 1,194 3.6% Departures 30,737 30,619 0.4% 30,313 1.4% Block Hours 97,077 97,053 0.0% 95,171 2.0% Average Aircraft Utilization (Hours) 10.5 10.8 -2.3% 10.4 0.9% Operating Revenues (US$ mm)  569.0 547.2 4.0% 494.4 15.1% Operating Income (US$ mm) 77.2 50.6 52.7% 34.2 125.8% Operating Margin  13.6% 9.2% 4.3 p.p. 6.9% 6.7 p.p. Net Income (US$ mm) 74.0 6.2 n/m 54.5 35.7% Adjusted Net Income (US$ mm) (1) 55.3 37.4 47.8% 21.5 157.2% EPS - Basic and Diluted (US$) 1.75 0.14 n/m 1.29 34.9% Adjusted EPS - Basic and Diluted (US$) (1) 1.30 0.85 53.6% 0.51 155.7% # of Shares - Basic and Diluted ('000)  42,372 44,030 -3.8% 42,117 0.6% (1)Adjusted Breakeven Load Factor, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS for 3Q16, 3Q15, and 2Q16 exclude non-cash charges/gains associated with the mark-to-market of fuel hedges and charges/gains related to the Venezuelan currency.  Note: Attached to this press release is a reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures to the comparable IFRS measures. FULL 3Q16 EARNINGS RELEASE AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD AT: http://investor.shareholder.com/copa/results.cfm 3Q16 EARNINGS RESULTS CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST Date: Nov 9, 2016 Time: 11:00 AM US ET (11:00 AM Local Time) Conference telephone number:  877-293-5456 (US Domestic Callers) 707-287-9357 (International Callers) Webcast: http://investor.shareholder.com/copa/events.cfm Speakers: Pedro Heilbron, Chief Executive Officer José Montero, Chief Financial Officer About Copa Holdings: Copa Holdings is a leading Latin American provider of passenger and cargo services.  The Company, through its operating subsidiaries, provides service to 74 destinations in 31 countries in North, Central and South America and the Caribbean with one of the youngest and most modern fleets in the industry, consisting of 99 aircraft: 78 Boeing 737NG aircraft and 21 EMBRAER-190s. For more information visit: www.copa.com. CONTACT: Copa Holdings S.A. Investor Relations: Ph: + (507) 304-2774 www.copaair.com (IR section) This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and expectations, and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on management's expectations that involve a number of business risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. The risks and uncertainties relating to the forward-looking statements in this release are among those disclosed in Copa Holdings' filed disclosure documents and are, therefore, subject to change without prior notice. CPA-G  Copa Holdings, S.A. Income Statement - IFRS (US$ Thousands) Unaudited Unaudited % Unaudited % 3Q16 3Q15 Change 2Q16 Change Operating Revenues Passenger Revenue 545,066 523,531 4.1% 472,931 15.3% Cargo, mail and other 23,959 23,716 1.0% 21,518 11.3% Total Operating Revenue 569,025 547,247 4.0% 494,449 15.1% Operating Expenses Aircraft fuel 140,366 149,197 -5.9% 125,260 12.1% Salaries and benefits 73,194 71,902 1.8% 69,065 6.0% Passenger servicing 65,612 65,175 0.7% 63,560 3.2% Commissions 20,862 22,632 -7.8% 20,642 1.1% Reservations and sales 23,970 19,636 22.1% 23,881 0.4% Maintenance, material and repairs 32,410 25,946 24.9% 26,190 23.7% Depreciation 35,525 35,485 0.1% 34,815 2.0% Flight operations 32,893 30,928 6.4% 30,540 7.7% Aircraft rentals 30,282 30,409 -0.4% 30,833 -1.8% Landing fees and other rentals 13,828 14,585 -5.2% 14,046 -1.6% Other 22,893 30,796 -25.7% 21,434 6.8% Total Operating Expense 491,835 496,691 -1.0% 460,266 6.9% Operating Income 77,191 50,556 52.7% 34,183 125.8% Non-operating Income (Expense): Interest expense (9,683) (8,271) 17.1% (9,147) 5.9% Interest income 3,506 5,728 -38.8% 3,238 8.3% Other, net 15,658 (37,600) n/m 32,025 -51.1% Total Non-Operating Income/(Expense) 9,481 (40,143) n/m 26,117 -63.7% Income before Income Taxes 86,672 10,413 732.4% 60,299 43.7% Provision for Income Taxes 12,654 4,200 201.3% 5,772 119.2% Net Income 74,018 6,213 1091.3% 54,527 35.7% EPS - Basic and Diluted 1.75 0.14 1137.9% 1.29 34.9% Shares - Basic and Diluted 42,371,617 44,030,111 -3.8% 42,117,261 0.6% Copa Holdings, S. A. Balance Sheet - IFRS (US$ Thousands) September 30 December 31 2016 2015  (Unaudited)   (Audited)  ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $                               221,803 $                               204,715 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 10,128 64,228 Short-term investments 540,502 416,005 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 772,433 684,948 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 110,278 105,135 Accounts receivable from related parties 297 642 Expendable parts and supplies, net of allowance for obsolescence 70,379 62,247 Prepaid expenses 62,299 48,667 Other current assets 15,726 5,946 Total Current Assets 1,031,412 907,585 Long-term investments 954 861 Property and Equipment: Owned property and equipment: Flight equipment 3,102,322 3,030,361 Other equipment 125,802 121,205 3,228,124 3,151,565 Less: Accumulated depreciation (830,920) (743,982) 2,397,204 2,407,583 Purchase deposits for flight equipment 233,749 243,070 Total Property and Equipment 2,630,953 2,650,653 Other Assets: Long term account receivable 605 - Net pension asset 9,067 6,050 Goodwill 20,380 20,380 Intangible asset 53,125 49,046 Deferred tax Assets 14,595 12,708 Other assets 51,252 68,193 Total Other Assets 149,024 156,377 Total Assets $                            3,812,343 $                            3,715,476 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt $                               214,014 $                               245,514 Accounts payable 100,396 94,741 Accounts payable to related parties 7,196 5,605 Air traffic liability 392,937 352,110 Frequent flyer deferred revenue 31,151 18,884 Taxes and interest payable 85,211 67,242 Accrued expenses payable 72,561 82,948 Other current liabilities 31,784 118,623 Total Current Liabilities 935,250 985,667 Non-Current Liabilities: Long-term debt 999,537 1,055,183 Other long-term liabilities 64,660 54,339 Deferred tax liabilities 40,774 32,865 Total Non-Current Liabilities 1,104,971 1,142,387 Total Liabilities 2,040,221 2,128,054 Shareholders' Equity: Class A - 33,731,823 issued and  31,111,310 outstanding 20,988 20,924 Class B - 10,938,125 shares issued and outstanding 7,466 7,466 Additional paid in capital 62,699 57,455 Treasury Stock (136,388) (136,388) Retained earnings 1,818,133 1,638,733 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (776) (768) Total Shareholders' Equity 1,772,122 1,587,422 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity $                            3,812,343 $                            3,715,476 Copa Holdings, S. A. and subsidiaries  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30,  (In US$ thousands) 2016 2015 2014 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Cash flow from operating activities  384,822 236,743 148,334 Cash flow (used in) from investing activities  (170,057) (39,658) 8,672 Cash flow used in financing activities  (197,677) (282,982) (109,378) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  17,088 (85,897) 47,628 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 204,715 207,437 139,110 Cash and cash equivalents at September 30  $               221,803 $               121,540 $               186,738 Short-term investments * 540,502 484,242 698,945 Long-term investments ** 954 428,259 240,097 Restricted cash and cash equivalents *** 10,128 48,702 - Total cash and cash equivalents and investments at September 30 $               773,387 $            1,082,743 $            1,125,780 * Short-term investments include $265 million of cash in Venezuela at September 2014.   ** Long-term investments include $427 million and $239 million at September 2015 and 2014 of cash in Venezuela, respectively  *** Restricted cash correspond to a margin calls to secure derivative financial instruments transactions.  NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURE RECONCILIATION This press release includes the following non IFRS financial measures: Adjusted Breakeven Load Factor, CASM Excluding Fuel, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS. This supplemental information is presented because we believe it is a useful indicator of our operating performance and is useful in comparing our performance with other companies in the airline industry. These measures should not be considered in isolation, and should be considered together with comparable IFRS measures, in particular operating income and net income. The following is a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the comparable IFRS measures: Reconciliation of Net Income Excluding Special Items 3Q16 3Q15 2Q16 Net income as Reported $74,018 $6,213 $54,527 Special Items (adjustments):      Unrealized gain (loss) on fuel hedging instruments  19,225 (26,800) 40,644      (Loss) gain due to devaluation of Venezuelan Bolivar (484) (2,100) (7,607)      Unrealized gain (loss) on Shares Repurchased 0 (2,296) 0 Adjusted Net Income $55,278 $37,408 $21,490 Shares used for Computation (in thousands)      Basic and Diluted 42,372 44,030 42,117 Adjusted earnings per share - Basic and Diluted 1.30 0.85 0.51 Reconciliation of Operating Costs per ASM Excluding Fuel and Special Items 3Q16 3Q15 2Q16 Operating Costs per ASM as Reported 8.9 9.2 8.6 Aircraft fuel per ASM (2.5) (2.8) (2.3) Operating Costs per ASM excluding fuel  6.4 6.4 6.3 Reconciliation of Breakeven Load Factor Excluding Special Items 3Q16 3Q15 2Q16 Total Operating Expenses, Non-Operating Results and Provision for Income Taxes 495,007 541,034 439,922 Breakeven Load Factor 70.2% 75.1% 66.7% Special Items (adjustments):      Unrealized gain (loss) on fuel hedging instruments  19,225 (26,800) 40,644      (Loss) gain due to devaluation of Venezuelan Bolivar (484) (2,100) (7,607)      Unrealized (gain) loss on Shares Repurchased 0 (2,296) 0 Total Operating Expenses, Non-Operating Results and Provision for Income Taxes excluding special items $513,748 $509,838 $472,959 Adjusted Breakeven Load Factor (Excluding Special items) 73.7% 69.4% 73.7% To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/copa-holdings-reports-financial-results-for-the-third-quarter-of-2016-300359228.html SOURCE Copa Holdings, S.A. Related Links http://www.copa.com Nov 10, 2016, 06:30 ET Preview: Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for October 2016 Oct 20, 2016, 06:45 ET Preview: Copa Holdings Expands Travel Options with Launch of Wingo in Colombia My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 06:30 ETCopa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for October... Oct 20, 2016, 06:45 ETCopa Holdings Expands Travel Options with Launch of Wingo in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Earnings You just read: Copa Holdings Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2016 News provided by Copa Holdings, S.A. Nov 08, 2016, 16:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Back To Top[*] New breed of investor seeking out Japan Inc’s potential corporate failures Nov. 09, 2016 - 06:17AM JST Cyberdyne, a Japanese robotics maker that over the years has become a media darling, this summer found itself on the receiving end of brutal language from companies questioning its public and financial statements. Well Investments Research was one of the first to question the company’s claims. “Cyberdyne’s current valuations on an earnings basis are potentially the highest we’ve seen since the Internet bubble burst in Japan in 2000. The valuations may make you think Cyberdyne is about to become the next big thing. The reality is, the company’s never made a profit. It is not present in the world’s biggest market for wearable robots and deliberately eschews the lucrative military sales on ethical grounds. Its products are not covered by insurance in the US, and in Japan coverage is extremely limited.” Next came Citron Research, which released a report in August that grabs attention with its headline, “Cyberdyne is the most ridiculously priced stock in the world.” The problem, for Well Investments and Citron, is that Cyberdyne has been all talk and no action. In fact, a June 2015 request for an interview with the company’s founder, Dr. Yoshiyuki Sankai by The Journal was turned down by Cyberdyne, which said its device, the Hybrid Assistive Limb (HAL)—the world’s first cyborg-type robot that allows a wearer’s bodily functions to be improved—“will launch it in [the] US market in the very near future.” A year later, an interview request was turned down in an almost identical fashion. And a US launch remains elusive. For its part, Cyberdyne believes the short-selling issue, which has seen the company’s stock plummet from ¥2,600 on May 31 to around ¥1,600 today, is based on a misunderstanding. Citron sees the stock eventually falling to ¥300. NEW ON THE BLOCK What has happened to Cyberdyne would perhaps have been unimaginable a few years ago. International companies are looking through financial reports for discrepancies, missed problems, and plain old gobbledygook that could fool investors and lead to inflated share prices. Some of their clients then use this knowledge to make bets on declines in stock prices, cashing in once the firms go public with their information. This is not “the Japanese way.” Toward the end of last year, Well Investments was first to make public a report that targeted Marubeni for misstating earnings. This was followed in spring by a report on the company Jigsaw, which accused it of being “a high-tech forgery,” which is little more than “a small server monitoring and maintenance company,” despite grandiose claims of tie-ups with some of the giants of the technology industry. According to Bloomberg, shares in the three companies had declined an average 35 percent by the middle of September. “In our three reports, first the companies attack us as an entity,” says Yuki Arai, the Hong Kong-based lawyer that founded Well Investments. Arai has other business interests unrelated to the companies he targets and is, to all intents and purposes, running a one-man operation. “What [the targeted companies] need to do is counter-argue and explain to investors why our claims are incorrect.” Cyberdyne chose to attack. “We have even received comment that this may be a scheme backed by clients such as short-selling funds or activists who have commissioned the analysis,” the company wrote in an email to The Journal just after the Well Investments report was released in July. “Their report has had no influence on Cyberdyne’s stock value today, and does not merit any comment. The report is based on a comparison with other robots that have completely different principles of motion and purpose of use, and suggests a lack of understanding of Cyberdyne’s technologies and potential.” Arai says his clients include short sellers. “We provide our reports to clients in advance of their release.” He also said Cyberdyne was cynical in calling out his “misunderstanding” of their technology. “Not all investors understand the technology in detail,” he countered. He said that he had conducted thorough research on the company using publicly available information, as most investors have to do before choosing where to place their cash. “If they feel I am not knowledgeable about the technology, then that is their fault.” Cyberdyne eventually granted The Journal an interview with Shinji Uga, its chief financial officer. He argued that the faint neurological signals that HAL picks up and uses—to move the device, which helps the brain’s “muscles” get stronger and patients recover from injuries faster—separates their technology from that of competitors, which creates movement with the primary aim of increasing mobility. “HAL is a device for treatment, not transport,” Uga insisted. “Our business is not focused on selling devices, but on collecting data throughout society to help advance healthcare,” he said. “We are heading into a field that is new, and does not have a lot of regulations.” That, he says, has led to delays in getting technology to the market, as healthcare regulators have, in many countries, proved unable to keep up with innovations that could change lives. “The HAL device that we have, and others that we have made public, probably constitute about 10 percent of the technologies we are developing,” Uga said. “We are eventually expecting a valuation of around ¥4 trillion.” In October, the company was valued at ¥221 billion. Uga said that most investors in the company were institutional, and in it for the long haul. Whether those investors choose to stay, put pressure on the company, or pull out is likely to define Cyberdyne’s future. SPEAK NO EVIL The problem for Cyberdyne is one that is shared by many companies in Japan. Communications departments tend to be weak. Akira Kiyota, CEO of the Japan Exchange Group, which runs the Tokyo Stock Exchange, earlier this year called short sellers “ethically questionable.” Many see things differently. “There is not a lot of pressure from shareholders on management to explain what they are doing,” stated Rupert Sutton, a consultant and director working in the fast-moving consumer goods sector with companies such as Weben Asia Ltd. and Exigo Marketing Pte. Ltd. He pointed to incidents such as Calbee’s recent foray into China, which saw the company’s venture there achieve 3 percent of its sales target before being sold on after three years. “The coverage was minimal in the press and probably at the shareholder meetings nobody will ask questions,” Sutton said. Dentsu is another case in point. This year, it has been implicated in scandals involving suspicious payments made in the buildup to Tokyo’s winning bid for the Olympic Games, and overcharging a multitude of companies for online promotion. It has also been accused of working a member of staff to death. For Sutton, these scandals are part of a larger problem for Japan. Shareholders are quiet, but so are the media. “If the Dentsu overcharging scandal hadn’t been published overseas (Australia-based AdNews got the scoop) I don’t think anybody would have been any wiser,” he said. “Publishing that [in Japan] would have been rocking the boat, and [Japanese media] do not like to have the boat rocked.” Major incidents have attracted serious attention. Over the past few years, Takata airbags have exploded, Toyota brakes have failed, Tepco nuclear reactors have melted down, and GS Yuasa batteries have burned in Boeing Dreamliners. But there are also minor incidents, and bookkeeping issues that have, in part, led to the rise of the short sellers. A major issue is the reluctance of Japanese companies to meet international standards and become more intertwined with the global economy, Sutton said. Effectively, “the Japanese way” is leading to more sympathetic treatment of management and less competitiveness. “If there was greater openness from management, more international staff, more joint ventures, and more willingness to transfer knowledge, we might see progress,” he added. “But we are talking about generational change here. Companies are top-heavy, delegation is not encouraged, and autonomy is not given, so business becomes very slow.” ABE’S ANGLE The criticisms are not unknown to Japan’s elites. Traditionally, the issues have been shrugged off, and discussion of them has been considered taboo. But that changed when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe came to power, promising to get the economy back on a growth track. His government saw corporate governance as a way of helping companies improve their behaviors and make Japan a more international place for doing business. By September, nearly all listed companies had brought outside directors on board and a new stewardship code had been adopted by more than 200 institutional investors. “I have stressed many times that corporate governance reform is at the top of my agenda,” Abe said in New York last year. “It is too early to make a decisive evaluation, but so far, from an investor’s perspective, the stewardship code is far from sufficient,” Arai of Well Investments told The Journal. “Institutional investors need to be more aggressive, and we need to see people such as Daniel Loeb [founder of hedge fund Third Point LLC] become more engaged in the Japanese market. I expect there will be more lawsuits, so management will begin to feel more concerned about what it is doing.” Short sellers are seen, by people such as Japan Exchange Group’s Kiyota, as cynics looking to make a fast buck by exploiting weaknesses in companies that could be internally resolved. Critics say that all the employees of these companies are put at risk by short-sellers’ reports in favor of allowing the wealthiest in society to make easy money. But to their advocates, short sellers play an important role in the economy, weeding out the negligent, inefficient and untruthful. This makes for a more efficient economy, increases accountability and, in the end, is a social good. At base, short sellers see themselves as mopping up the problems that corporate governance may miss. In that way, Abe has helped make the case for the short seller to come to Japan. Arai says Abe’s economic plans helped him decide to launch Well Investments. “If there had been no Abenomics,” he said, “I may not have started Well Investments. But in general, favorable winds are blowing, so . . .” As for governance and stewardship, last year The Journal spoke with Nicholas Benes, representative director of the Board Director Training Institute of Japan, who said the Government Pension Investment Fund needed to take the lead in stewardship for reforms to really take hold. A year on, the fund has revealed its individual investments. Based on the most recent figures, it held 59,300 shares in Cyberdyne. Custom Media publishes The Journal for the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
Independent Political Report Covering third parties and independent candidates since 2008 Menu Skip to content Home About IPR Traffic Court Advertising At IPR DMCA Removal RSS Search Social Networks Subscribe To IPR Liberation News: “Bill Clinton Inc.” exposed Leave a reply Joe Delaplaine at the PSL’s Liberation News: “Hillary Clinton is a walking conflict of interest”, said Mara Verheyden-Hilliard, the Executive Director of the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund on a recent interview on Radio Sputnik’s “Loud and Clear”. “In 2009, as the newly appointed Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton had to sign an oath –part of U.S. ethics laws, actually– confirming she had no financial conflicts with the Clinton Foundation. However, emails from Douglas Band, President of Teneo Holdings, now show Ms. Clinton violated this law and in fact continued to maintain financial ties to the Clinton Foundation after becoming Secretary of State.” In almost any other country, such revelations would be front page news, especially during a Presidential election. However in the United States, many corporate media outlets have downplayed this issue from the moment, last month, when these leaked emails were made public by Wikileaks. An article in this week’s Washington Post, “Inside Bill Clinton Inc.”, exposed influence peddling within the Clinton family’s “Clinton Foundation”, detailing conflicts of interest such as Bill Clinton being a paid adviser to and client of Teneo Holdings, while his wife served in the State Department. Another example includes, Huma Abedin, being a paid, senior adviser to Teneo Holdings while she was Mrs. Clinton’s Deputy Chief of Staff. Likewise, Declan Kelly, was a paid consultant for the Clinton family’s “Clinton Foundation” while serving as CEO and founder of Teneo Holdings. In fact, Teneo clients donated so much money to the Clintons, that Bill Clinton once boasted, “I couldn’t have accomplished half of what I have in my post-presidency without Doug Band.” These emails demonstrate many examples of ways the Clintons have long benefited from money they’ve received from lobbyists for foreign governments. Most noteworthy among them involving foreign mining company, Uranium One, which sought to own 1/5 of all uranium mining rights inside the United States. Uranium One’s deal was stalled, however, the U.S. government considered it a “national security issue” to have so much of its own uranium controlled by a “foreign” agent –in this case, Russia. The sale first had to be approved by the State Department, which at the time was headed by, Hillary Clinton. The State Department signed off on the sale. As a result, the former President, Bill Clinton, was paid half a million dollars to speak in Moscow on behalf of Russian mining corporation, “Uranium One”. The New York Times reported Uranium One’s chairman contributed $2.35 million to Bill and Hillary’s Clinton Foundation, noting, however, “those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors.” Whats more, while serving as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, sold the Saudi government eighty F-15 fighter jets made by Boeing. Boeing itself donated $900 thousand to the Clinton Foundation. The resulting weapons sales by the U.S. to the Saudi government was $29.4 billion, in spite of the fact that Clinton’s own emails disclosed she was fully aware at the time that the Saudis were arming and financing Al Qaeda, ISIS and other groups branded by the U.S. government as “terrorist” organizations. The ANSWER Coalition, of which the Party for Socialism and Liberation is a member organization, has announced a protest on Inauguration Day – January 20, 2017. Help build this action and join thousands of working and oppressed communities in Washington, D.C.’s Freedom Plaza to demand systemic change, no matter who wins the election! Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) This entry was posted in Socialist/left parties on November 8, 2016 by paulie. About paulie Paulie at Next Free Voice, on Facebook, (205)534-1622 cell, Paulie.Frankel@LP.org Biographical information and Q & A View all posts by paulie → Post navigation ← William Saturn: Review of the 2016 Free & Equal Debate Darryl W. Perry: A different look at the wasted vote theory → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Social Networks IPR on Twitter Facebook IPR page Facebook IPR group Search for: CategoriesCategories Select Category Constitution Party  (1,842) Green Party  (3,649) Independents  (2,666) Libertarian Party  (8,085) Liberty/Free Market Parties  (131) Non-left/right parties  (1,222) open threads  (95) Proposition 14  (124) Right-wing minor parties  (948) Socialist/left parties  (1,617) Third parties, general  (1,291) Uncategorized  (216) Recent Comments dL on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! dL on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! dL on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Tony From Long Island on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! George Phillies on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Tony From Long Island on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Tony From Long Island on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Be Rational on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Be Rational on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Thomas L. Knapp on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Tony From Long Island on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Be Rational on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Thomas L. Knapp on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Tony From Long Island on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Be Rational on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! George Phillies on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Thomas L. Knapp on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Be Rational on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Shawn Levasseur on Aaron Starr Likely to Win City Council Seat in Oxnard, CA Thomas L. Knapp on Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! Recent Entries Aaron Starr Likely to Win City Council Seat in Oxnard, CA November 14, 2016 LP.org: Seeking volunteers for IT Committee – apply by November 23, 2016 November 12, 2016 Libertarian Party: Non-Confidential Portion of Campaign Contract November 11, 2016 Starchild to Electoral College Members: Please Save Us From Donald Trump! November 11, 2016 Chuck Baldwin: The Trump Victory November 11, 2016 Melinda Pillsbury-Foster: Why Hillary and the Corporate Cabal Lost – And Solving Problems Using Freedom November 11, 2016 November 2016 Open Thread November 10, 2016 NV Assembly: John Moore in 3rd place, 6.8% for reelection; Dennis Hof 39.2% in two-way race November 9, 2016 LP.org: ‘Big ballot access wins for LP!’ November 9, 2016 LP Vice Chair Open Letter to Democrats November 9, 2016 Jesse Walker: Where the Third-Party Candidates Were Strongest November 9, 2016 IPR owner Warren Redlich quoted in Washington Post November 9, 2016 Nicholas Sarwark: ‘Your Tears Are Delicious and Your Parties Will Die’ November 9, 2016 Libertarians Elected and Reelected to Office November 9, 2016 Outright Libertarians on US election results November 9, 2016 Libertarian and Green Parties Gain Qualified Status in Some States November 9, 2016 Darryl W. Perry: A different look at the wasted vote theory November 8, 2016 Liberation News: “Bill Clinton Inc.” exposed November 8, 2016 William Saturn: Review of the 2016 Free & Equal Debate November 8, 2016 William Saturn: ‘Backing the True Outsider’ November 8, 2016 Contributors' Blogs California Libertarian Report Conservative Heritage Times Free Virginia Green Party Watch Hammer of Truth Kn@ppster Liberty Point On The Wilder Side Saturn's Repository The NAP Pledge Uncovered Politics News Sources American Third Party Report Ballot Access News Free And Equal Freedom Gulch Green Party Watch Irregular Times Liberation News Liberty for America Opposition News People's World The Green Papers The Militant Workers World World Socialist Website Other Blogs Lew Rockwell Libertarian Solution Nader Blog Reason Hit & Run Socialist Webzine The North Star The Punk Patriot The Think3 Institute Other Websites Libertarian Majority Politics1 US Election Atlas Party Websites Constitution Party Green Party of the US Justice Party Libertarian Party Peace and Freedom Party Reform Party Socialist Party USA Vermont Progressive Party Readers' Blogs Ballot Access News Free Press Publications Nick Sarwark Old Dominion Libertarian Outright Libertarians Proportional Representation Party Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (71) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (100) August 2016  (119) July 2016  (104) June 2016  (127) May 2016  (188) April 2016  (112) March 2016  (90) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (162) December 2015  (162) November 2015  (152) October 2015  (132) September 2015  (144) August 2015  (132) July 2015  (156) June 2015  (104) May 2015  (140) April 2015  (210) March 2015  (232) February 2015  (208) January 2015  (188) December 2014  (120) November 2014  (116) October 2014  (118) September 2014  (28) August 2014  (122) July 2014  (198) June 2014  (168) May 2014  (152) April 2014  (142) March 2014  (116) February 2014  (156) January 2014  (236) December 2013  (208) November 2013  (110) October 2013  (116) September 2013  (128) August 2013  (166) July 2013  (174) June 2013  (374) May 2013  (252) April 2013  (164) March 2013  (148) February 2013  (72) January 2013  (68) December 2012  (32) November 2012  (82) October 2012  (268) September 2012  (102) August 2012  (84) July 2012  (106) June 2012  (166) May 2012  (178) April 2012  (150) March 2012  (70) February 2012  (82) January 2012  (152) December 2011  (92) November 2011  (60) October 2011  (156) September 2011  (222) August 2011  (64) July 2011  (50) June 2011  (112) May 2011  (100) April 2011  (112) March 2011  (254) February 2011  (196) January 2011  (256) December 2010  (98) November 2010  (302) October 2010  (328) September 2010  (282) August 2010  (293) July 2010  (284) June 2010  (234) May 2010  (373) April 2010  (258) March 2010  (150) February 2010  (248) January 2010  (168) December 2009  (290) November 2009  (78) October 2009  (69) September 2009  (228) August 2009  (131) July 2009  (128) June 2009  (68) May 2009  (84) April 2009  (238) March 2009  (132) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (252) December 2008  (362) November 2008  (364) October 2008  (346) September 2008  (412) August 2008  (218) July 2008  (289) June 2008  (305) May 2008  (176) Subscribe to IPR Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Wednesday , November 16 2016 About Us Advertise With Us Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Reconsider democracy 3 days ago Trump quake 6 days ago To the candidates: ‘rope of lies’ short 7 days ago El-Sisi … and measures on how to fish 1 week ago O Fintas coast … O Oxford Street!! 6 days ago What a beautiful red eye! 2 weeks ago The Jungle … promised land … Trump Kuwaiti!! 3 weeks ago Lesser of ‘two evils’, but who would dare? 4 weeks ago Deadly bribery, nepotism 19 hours ago Openness vs protectiveness in building ‘knowledge economy’ 19 hours ago Me and the Interior Ministry 2 days ago Clear-cut message to all – ‘Join world for peace’ 6 days ago Trump deserves a chance 3 days ago To Obama’s successor 2 weeks ago Arabs losing ground to Iran in lobbying stakes 2 weeks ago UAE a world leader – Safety, tolerance … innovation 4 weeks ago ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 The Arab culture crisis 6 days ago ‘Smart phones shrink world’ – ‘Live and let live’ 3 weeks ago Politics minefield of risks – ‘Public opinion biggest lie’ 4 weeks ago ‘Companies have vital role in development of society’ – ‘All must chip in’ 06/09/2016 Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Adverts KAC in action – Comeback eyed 1 week ago LONDON, Nov 8, (KUNA): Director of Kuwait Airways office in London Manea Al-Manea, stressed Tuesday the Corporation keenness to return back to competition with full force. He made the remark given the latest updates the Airways fleet and plans to launch new destinations soon. The Corporation has already begun taking “serious steps” where it recently included new seven Airbus (A320) aircrafts, which will be operated on short routes, in addition to five other planes of the same model for medium lines, Al-Manea told KUNA on the sideline of the 2016 World Tourism Market opening. New aircrafts are entering service on long-haul routes, immediately after dispensing the old ones, Al-Manea added. The number of Kuwaiti fleet that will enter service will be 10 of Boeing (B777-300) aircrafts, and 2019 will witness the handover of about 15 Airbus (A320 NEO) and 10 jets of (350 A). The completion of the fl eet will be in 2022, he pointed out. Share kuwait airways 2016-11-08 Arab Times Previous Kuwait retains 6th place among world’s best tax environments – 10th in MENA for ease of doing business Next Dashti vows legal battle to stay in poll race Related Articles Kuwait Airways in Manila to hire over 200 Pinoy workers – ‘Philippines target because of education, customer experience 2 weeks ago Kuwait Airways unveils new livery on Boeing 777-300ER – Transformation to reassert pioneering legacy: Al-Roumi 3 weeks ago Several MPs condemn transfer of some Kuwait Airways pilots to govt sector 08/10/2016 Loopholes in executive bylaws uncovered – MP raps irregularities in KAC affairs 30/06/2016 Direct flights from Kuwait to US said to face suspension 22/06/2016 Bag containing diplomatic passport ‘delays’ flight by two hours to Dubai – Pilot orders another inspection of passengers 05/06/2016 Check Also Kuwait Airways makes changes to its weight and luggage rules – KPC grants SAB access to Oracle system KUWAIT CITY, May 17: Kuwait Airways Corporation (KAC) made vital changes to its rules on … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Popular Regulations for new electricity and water tariffs soon Saudi Arabia implements new visit visa fee, including maids Revenge, says Arab man arrested for trying to rape his Sister-in-law Securitymen nab stuntman after chase New born baby in Kuwait and Salary cap for dependent visa Jordanian teachers quit their jobs Hawalli securitymen ‘arrest’ citizen for murdering his wife Indian Embassy says doesn’t accept, exchange demonetized bank notes - ‘Rs 500 and Rs 1000’ Two Romanian prostitutes charging KD 400 nabbed 13th Nov Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2016, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
Recent Posts Amir reiterates commitment to combat climate change Barred candidate claims election could be delayed 8-hour ban on travelers return overruled Number of Indian nationals in Kuwait reaches 921,666 Egyptians’ remittances Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Kuwait Airways returns to competition with full force . LONDON: Director of Kuwait Airways office in London Manea Al-Manea, said yesterday that KAC is keen to return back to competition with full force. He made the remark given the latest updates the fleet and plans to launch new destinations soon. Kuwait Airways has already begun taking “serious steps” where it recently included new seven Airbus (A320) aircrafts, which will be operated on short routes, in addition to five other planes of the same model for medium lines, Manea said on the sideline of the 2016 World Tourism Market opening. New aircrafts are entering service on long-haul routes, immediately after dispensing the old ones, Al-Manea added. The number of Kuwaiti fleet that will enter service will be 10 of Boeing (B777-300) aircrafts, and 2019 will witness the handover of about 15 Airbus (A320 NEO) and 10 jets of (350 A). The completion of the fleet will be in 2022, he pointed out. Kuwait Airways started since the first of this November running about 10 flights a week from London to Kuwait daily, and two flights on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sunday, he said. – KUNA Share This article was published on 08/11/2016 Most Read Railway project offered for bidding next year CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Egyptian duo held on visa forgery charges Dashti out of election race after final court ruling India banned cash without homework: Congress leader Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem Illegal Sponsorship & Absconding Jihadists say Trump's victory a rallying call for new recruits Crackdown on abuse of state lands off Seventh Ring Road Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Aerojet Rocketdyne Earnings: 1 Number You Need to Know Wall Street plays the earnings game, and it's setting up Aerojet Rocketdyne to lose. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Nov 8, 2016 at 12:05PM Aerojet Rocketdyne (NYSE:AJRD) welcomed a new chief financial officer on Monday -- and boy, does he ever have work to do. In a few years, Aerojet Rocketdyne will have a new rocket ready for American spaceflight. In the short term, it needs to get ready to face disappointed investors. Image source: Aerojet Rocketdyne. Last month, Aerojet confirmed that it has hired away Paul R. Lundstrom from his old job as vice president of investor relations at United Technology (NYSE:UTX) to become Aerojet's new CFO. Incidentally, United Tech used to own Aerojet's Rocketdyne division during Lundstrom's tenure there, so he should be very familiar with the company already. That knowledge should come in handy, because one of the first tasks Lundstrom will be asked to achieve (by investors, at least) is to ensure Aerojet Rocketdyne hits the earnings target that Wall Street has told them to expect. The number you need to know $0.83 per share. According to S&P Global Market Intelligence data, that's what Wall Street analysts expect Aerojet Rocketdyne to earn this year. But with three quarters down and just one more to go, getting there is going to be a heap of work. You see, just last week, before Lundstrom even arrived on the job, Aerojet Rocketdyne announced its earnings for fiscal Q3 2016, and updated its numbers for the year to date. As far as revenue goes, the news wasn't bad: Aerojet reported modest year-over-year sales growth of 5% -- $463.8 million for the quarter. But despite growing sales, Aerojet reported no GAAP earnings in Q3, but rather a $0.17 per share net loss for its business. Thanks to this result, all the profit that Aerojet had recorded earlier in the year has now been wiped out, and Aerojet's earnings for this year have been reset to $0.00 per share. Essentially, Aerojet is back at square one. All the earnings that Wall Street expects it to earn this year, Aerojet must now earn in the fourth quarter. Can it be done? Maybe. But I don't envy Lundstrom's job trying to get the company there. Scrolling through S&P Global's copious data archives, I've found only two instances in which Aerojet Rocketdyne earned $0.83 or more in a single quarter over the past 15 years. Sure, given sufficient tax credits and other one-time items, it's theoretically possible that Aerojet Rocketdyne could pull a rabbit out of the hat and somehow report $0.83 a share. But I wouldn't bet on it. Checking in on the rocket Enough about the earnings game. The other thing investors want to know about Aerojet Rocketdyne is how its AR1 rocket engine is coming along -- the one that Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are considering for use aboard their new Vulcan space rocket. According to management, progress is being made, and $135 million of a budgeted $804 million has already been invested in development of the AR1. Aerojet has borne roughly half the cost of this development to date, with the rest of the money coming from the U.S. government, and Boeing and Lockheed as partners in the development via ULA. Despite the progress, however, Aerojet still lags privately funded Blue Origin. Aerojet says it hopes to complete development of AR1 "no later than December 31, 2019." That may be too late to win it a place on ULA's Vulcan, however. ULA has already expressed a preference for Blue Origin's BE-4 rocket, which is expected to be ready to fly as early as 2017.  Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 336 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Nov 8, 2016 at 12:05PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $107.68 down $0.18 (-0.17%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $265.93 down $-1.31 (-0.49%) Aerojet Rocketdyne NYSE:AJRD $20.19 up $0.08 (0.40%) Read More GenCorp's Sales Rocket, but Profits Flame Out GenCorp Subsidiary Lands Air Force Nuke Engine Contract Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO Hits the Eject Button. Time for Investors to Panic? With 2 Big Rocket Contracts, America Is Racing Back to Space Boeing Explains How to Go From Earth to Mars in 6 Easy Steps Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey 3,181 security officials return to posts Features archive Int'l media freedom "advocates" support terror: Erdogan Features archive Fugitive lawmaker from Turkey meets EU commissioner Features archive Premier says Turkey's constitution change to be limited Features archive Turkish parliament elects new ombudsman Features archive world middle east Iraqi official says 2,800 Daesh killed in Mosul Features archive Russian airstrikes kill seven in war-battered Aleppo Features archive Car bomb injures 15 in Libya’s Benghazi Features archive Yemeni FM: Kerry's remarks on truce don’t concern us Features archive europe Fugitive lawmaker from Turkey meets EU commissioner Features archive Russia starts new 'large-scale' operation in Syria Features archive Germany bans 'The True Religion' Salafist group Features archive Germany should see Turkey as equal partner: Cavusoglu Features archive americas Thousands protest Trump in US capital Features archive US urges Myanmar to prevent violence in Rakhine Features archive US Democrats delay vote as Muslim in lead for top spot Features archive Lawmaker files bill to abolish US Electoral College Features archive africa Congo's president warns against foreign interference Features archive Niger Delta militants blow up 300,000-barrel pipeline Features archive Kenya pressures refugees to go back to Somalia: Amnesty Features archive Japan gives troops in South Sudan new security role Features archive asia - pacific US urges Myanmar to prevent violence in Rakhine Features archive Pakistan orders 108 FETO-linked teachers to leave Features archive 38 Zika cases reported in Ho Chi Minh City Features archive Jakarta governor blasphemy probe over, result pending Features archive economy Turkey's critical aim: 350 mln. cubic meters gas a day Features archive Turkey's location advantageous to foreign investors Features archive Turkey to become high purity boron producer Features archive China Turkey's 'friend in need': China foreign minister Features archive Turkey plans citizenship for long-term investors Features archive politics Int'l media freedom "advocates" support terror: Erdogan Features archive Egypt overturns death penalty against ousted president Features archive Ruling AK Party gives opposition MHP draft charter Features archive Russian economy minister detained over bribe Features archive Ankara can be key partner, says Pakistan's top diplomat Features archive sports Thousands run in 38th Vodafone Istanbul Marathon Features archive Football: Turkey defeat Kosovo 2-0 Features archive Istanbul Marathon to be run for July 15 martyrs Features archive FIFA row over wartime emblem prompts poppy debate Features archive Football: Fenerbahce's Van Persie says eye 'undamaged' Features archive health 38 Zika cases reported in Ho Chi Minh City Features archive Turkish professor highlights steps to prevent diabetes Features archive Trump outlines US health care plan to replace Obamacare Features archive Turkey releases refugee healthcare data Features archive Prayers and songs mark Sierra Leone's Ebola anniversary Features archive infographics photo Rafah border gate reopened for four days First anniversary of the Paris terror attacks Protest for Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails Anti-Trump Protest in Los Angeles Super moon in Chicago video video gallery FETO EXPOSED: Salih Mehmet Dagkoy and his IT Partners First anniversary of the Paris terror attacks FSA launches new phase to liberate Syria's Al-Bab Anti-FETO banners in protest in Pennsylvania multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски 16th MUSIAD EXPO opens Wednesday in Istanbul This year’s trade show to focus on key aspects of trade with Africa home > economy, corporate news 08.11.2016 Ankara Features archive related news Turkey, Pakistan free trade deal to be ready in Dec. EU security depends on Turkey's stability: Hungarian FM South African minister linked to rhino horn trafficker African Muslim leaders aghast at Trump victory Africa's fears of Trump presidency unfounded: Experts ANKARA The 16th MUSIAD EXPO is set to open Wednesday in Istanbul where thousands of business people and investors from all over the world will explore new cooperation and partnership opportunities. The expo, which will be held at Istanbul CNR Expo Center, will host in eight halls 700 companies and 200 thousand visitors from over 100 countries, according to MUSIAD, Independent Industrialists’ and Businessmen’s Association. The four-day expo, of which Anadolu Agency is the Global Communication Partner, will welcome business people from various sectors such as construction, textile, automotive, machinery, furniture, food, information technologies and defense industry. This year’s expo will focus on key aspects of trade with Africa, MUSIAD said. "MUSİAD aims to increase the trade volume between Turkey and Africa through ensuring that businessmen from Nigeria, Niger, Ghana, Ivory Coast and South Africa participate in the expo," the association said. The expo also aims to draw attention to "High-Tech Port," whose objective is to improve the Turkish defense and aviation industry, according to the event's official website. The third project will be held in a separate hall in collaboration with the Turkish Presidency and the defense ministry. "This year’s expo will host ministers of defense, force commanders, airlines, Turkish producers of advanced technology and major producers from over 20 countries including Airbus Boeing and Lockheed Martin," the statement said. Independent Industrialists’ and Businessmen’s Association, MUSIAD, is a Turkish NGO that helps facilitate trade between Turkish businessmen and those in other countries and consists mostly of small- to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The association has over 11,000 members and 50,000 member businesses, 86 domestic and 170 international contact points in 65 countries as of Nov. 8, according to its website. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 21 : 08 world Pakistan orders 108 FETO-linked teachers to leave 17 : 48 Turkey 'Senior PKK terrorist among 14' killed in Turkey raids 16 : 32 Turkey Turkish state bodies vow to continue aid to Pakistan 16 : 18 Turkey Germany should see Turkey as equal partner: Cavusoglu 15 : 36 politics Egypt overturns death penalty against ousted president 15 : 28 world Kenya pressures refugees to go back to Somalia: Amnesty 15 : 23 world 955 Daesh militants killed south of Mosul: Army sources 15 : 01 Turkey Turkey PM calls on CHP to cooperate on new constitution 14 : 28 Turkey Turkish Red Crescent boosting aid to Jarabulus, Mosul 14 : 00 Turkey Ruling AK Party gives opposition MHP draft charter 13 : 33 Turkey Turkey, Pakistan free trade deal to be ready in Dec. 13 : 12 world Turkey rebuilds 9 mosques in Gaza 12 : 21 politics Ankara can be key partner, says Pakistan's top diplomat 12 : 00 politics Putin envoy: There is no quick solution in Afghanistan 11 : 56 Turkey Turkey, Israel hold first meeting for pipeline project 11 : 41 africa Japan gives troops in South Sudan new security role 11 : 35 economy Turkey's critical aim: 350 mln. cubic meters gas a day 11 : 23 world Saudi intercepts ballistic missile fired from Yemen 11 : 08 middle east Suicide bombings kill 9 in Iraq’s Fallujah 11 : 00 Turkey Turkey's location advantageous to foreign investors analysis news What can Turkey expect from Trump? How huge China investment in Bangladesh affects region Trump win promises new phase in Turkey-US relations Strengthening Turkish state institutions Trump, Republican-led Congress need compromise: experts 16th MUSIAD EXPO opens Wednesday in Istanbul 1 / 1 16th MUSIAD EXPO opens Wednesday in Istanbul analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2016
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look How NASA astronauts cast their votes ... from spaaaaace! (+video) Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? For these clever tool-making cockatoos, the material might not matter Columbia wrestling: How much of an 'I' is there in a team scandal? Can a crowdfunded telescope find an Earth-like planet? Shane Kimbrough, the sole American astronaut aboard the International Space Station, cast his vote Monday via a digital version of the familiar federal absentee ballot. By Rowena Lindsay, Staff November 8, 2016 Save for later Saved US astronaut Shane Kimbrough, a member of the main crew to the International Space Station (ISS), talks to his relatives prior to the launch of the Soyuz MS-02 space ship, in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Oct. 19. Ivan Sekretarev/AP View Caption About video ads View Caption of Every four years, millions of American voters both abroad and at home US cast their ballot for president without going to the polls, mailing in absentee ballots to vote from afar. And a few ballots digitally make the 250-mile journey from the International Space Station to the Earth's surface.  This year, Shane Kimbrough, currently the only American in space, cast his ballot from the International Space Station (ISS) Monday. Kate Rubins also voted early, submitting her ballot before returning to Earth last week after a four-month stint on the ISS. For the purposes of voting, the astronauts’ address is listed as “low-Earth orbit.” The "voting process starts a year before launch, when astronauts are able to select which elections (local/state/federal) that they want to participate in while in space," NASA officials said recently in a blog post. "Then, six months before the election, astronauts are provided with a standard form: the 'Voter Registration and Absentee Ballot Request – Federal Post Card Application.' " Recommended: Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Johnson Space Center sends a digital version of the classic absentee ballot to the ISS and when crewmembers have filled them out the ballots are sent directly to voting authorities, according to Johnson Space Center officials. Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/15 The first American to vote in space was David Wolf in 1997, who voted from the Russian Mir Space Station. Since most astronauts lived near Houston, Texas passed a law allowing astronauts to vote while off planet in any local, state, or federal elections scheduled during their mission. "I think it's pretty amazing," Dr. Rubins said in an October interview for NASA's weekly "Space to Ground" ISS update. "It's very incredible that we're able to vote from up here, and I think it's incredibly important for us to vote in all of the elections." Their votes are particularly important because the two candidates have very different views on the future of America’s space program. Donald Trump has said he will encourage joint projects between NASA and private space companies, such as SpaceX, Boeing, and Blue Origin, but that public money is more needed in infrastructure here on Earth than on Mars. And while the Republican nominee has spoken highly of NASA, he has said that economic stability and military defense must come first. "If we are growing with all of our people employed and our military readiness back to acceptable levels, then we can take a look at the timeline for sending more people into space," Trump told Mic. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has said that she wanted to be an astronaut as a child and even wrote to NASA about what the requirements were only to be told that they were not currently accepting applications from women. In addition to promising to declassify government information on UFOs, Clinton has said that she supports private space companies but feels that the future of cosmological discoveries lies with NASA and its funding should reflect that. Next up Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! First Look What does the future hold for NASA? Depends on the next president. Modern Parenthood A six-year-old explains why NASA matters (+video) What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? (+video) Is US trying to defeat ISIS too quickly? How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us Popular Now First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look 2016 on track to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/15 Latest News Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration China now has a rocket that can land taikonauts on the Moon Meanwhile, America must decide whether it wants socialist or capitalist spaceflight. by Eric Berger - Nov 8, 2016 4:30 pm UTC Login to bookmark 92 VCG via Getty Images The heavy-lift carrier rocket Long March-5 blasts off at Wenchang Space Launch Center on November 3, 2016. VCG via Getty Images The heavy-lift carrier rocket Long March-5 blasts off at Wenchang Space Launch Center on November 3, 2016. Xinhua/Sun Hao China's newly developed heavy-lift carrier rocket Long March-5 is in transit at the Wenchang Space Launch Center. Xinhua/Sun Hao Another view of the Long March-5 on the move. Xinhua China moved the rocket to the launch pad 10 days ago. VCG via Getty Images A wider view of the Wenchang Space Launch Center on October 28, 2016. Xinhua/Sun Hao In transit to the launch site. Xinhua China celebrated the rocket as it brought the country to the forefront of modern spaceflight. Xinhua News Another view of the nighttime launch. Xinhua China now has one of the two most powerful rockets in the world. STRINGER/AFP/Getty Images This photo shows the blast trail of China's heavy-lift rocket Long March-5. China's space program hit a huge milestone last week with the launch of its Long March-5 rocket from the new Wenchang Space Launch Center, the nation's fourth launch site. This new heavy-lift booster gives China a rocket that is equaled in power only by the US Delta IV Heavy launch vehicle: about 25 metric tons to low-Earth orbit (LEO). China deserves credit for creating a space development plan in 1992, called Project 921, and then following through with it. Initially the Chinese space program was derided as highly derivative of Russia's launch program, but, with the new family of Long March rockets that use modern design and propellants such as refined RP-1 kerosene and liquid hydrogen, China must now be regarded as a world-class space power. At present only two nations can put humans safely into space: Russia and China. Additionally, only two nations can put medium-sized payloads into space, the United States and China. Only one nation can do both. Payload and crewed launch capabilities will allow China to build a modular space station during the next decade that will invite visitors from Europe and elsewhere and will almost certainly outlast NASA's International Space Station. While China has focused on a space station and has not yet set a definitive timeline for going into deep space, it must be noted that the country now has the capacity to mount a human mission to the Moon, if it so chooses. The Long March-5 rocket is powerful enough to stage an Earth orbit for landings on the Moon and to push a payload of about eight metric tons into a Lunar transfer orbit (LTO). "By launching and rendezvousing four of those in low Earth orbit, it would be possible for the Chinese to construct a manned lunar mission with no more than that rocket and no more than Apollo technology," former NASA Administrator Mike Griffin told the House Science, Space, and Technology committee in September, 2011. "And I've—I have in fact, in the past, written up how that mission would work from an engineering perspective. So with the Long March-5, the Chinese inherently possessed the capability to return to the Moon should they wish to do so." Enlarge / Mike Griffin, NASA's administrator under George W. Bush, wanted to remain in that position for Obama. But the president rejected Griffin's Constellation plan—and Griffin himself. If a Republican wins the 2016 election, Griffin could return to NASA or elsewhere to shape policy. NASA Five years after Griffin made those comments, the Long March-5 rocket has now flown, proving China's capability to design a large rocket around its new YF-100 engines. China has now set its sights on development of the Long March-9, a super-heavy lift rocket in the class of the Apollo program’s Saturn V rocket. This powerful rocket likely remains about 15 years from its debut and is projected to have a payload-to-LEO capacity of at least 130 metric tons and a payload-to-LTO capacity of at least 50 metric tons. American uncertainty Chinese strides in space come amidst uncertainty about America's launch efforts. While the US should regain the capability to launch US astronauts in late 2018 or 2019 thanks to NASA's decision to fund SpaceX and Boeing, it's not clear where the space agency will go after that. NASA is deep into building its own super-heavy lift rocket, the Space Launch System, which has about three times the lift capacity as the Long March-5 and should fly late in this decade. But there is no clear plan in place for its use—and even if NASA had announced specific plans, those plans likely will be scrambled by the next president of the United States. This uncertainty comes as the United States finds itself in a messy transition from a state-run space program to a—potentially—more commercial one. The rise of China's space program offers an interesting contrast between socialism and capitalism in space. From the beginnings of NASA through the early 2000s, America had a largely socialistic approach to space exploration. Ironically, it was the centralized, top-down Apollo program that helped to show the world that the democratic and capitalistic United States was superior to the Soviet Union in outer space, while the Soviet Union's own space race was largely run by independent, competing design bureaus. But with the rise of SpaceX, Blue Origin, and other US-based rocket companies, the United States now has an opportunity to embrace a much more fully capitalistic approach to spaceflight. Both companies are also developing super-heavy lift rockets, the Falcon Heavy and New Glenn respectively, that will have lift capacity roughly on par with NASA's Space Launch System. Some officials, such as former NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Garver, have noted the incoherence of a centralized, big government rocket program trying to compete with private companies. For now, though, Congress seems content to stick with the Apollo model of a centralized government program. Even as lawmakers do so, it is worth considering that the United States could go back to the Moon within the next decade, too, even without waiting for SpaceX or Blue Origin. Just as the Long March-5 is powerful enough to land humans on the Moon, so too is the privately developed Delta IV Heavy rocket, manufactured by United Launch Alliance in Alabama. It remains unclear whether the United States will retain its centralized approach to space exploration, or even if the vast savings promised by privately developed rocket companies will eventually convince skeptical lawmakers in Congress to abandon a big-government approach to rocket building. While Washington sorts that out, we can rest assured that China will continue to make progress toward its own spaceflight goals. Listing image by VCG via Getty Images Expand full story Reader comments 92 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Exclusive: FedEx grounds one plane over GE engine part concern Reuters Nov. 7, 2016, 9:12 PM 584 facebook linkedin twitter email print General Electric employee Ron Carlson inspects a CF6-80C engine at the GE Aviation Peebles Test Operations Facility in Peebles, Ohio Thomson Reuters By Jeffrey Dastin (Reuters) - FedEx Corp is grounding one of its planes temporarily that has an engine General Electric Co flagged after a passenger jet erupted in flames last month, a spokesman for the cargo airline told Reuters on Monday. Engine-maker GE on Friday alerted airlines about a small number of parts under investigation following American Airlines Flight 383, which caught fire on Oct. 28. The parts were made from the same lot of alloy as a turbine disk used by American, which GE subsequently discovered had a "material anomaly." While U.S. investigators have yet to assign blame for the non-fatal incident, they have found what appeared to be fatigue cracking where the disk had an anomaly. Experts have said the disk's corrupted material may indicate a manufacturing defect, either by the parts or metal maker. In a statement, FedEx spokesman Chris Allen said the company was notified that an engine in one MD11 aircraft was affected. "The aircraft associated with the affected engine is temporarily not in service until the engine is replaced. Safety is our top priority,” he said. GE on Friday said all but one of the parts related to the anomalous disk were out of service. The American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami aborted takeoff following an "uncontained" engine failure, a rare event in which components spew from an engine and can tear through an aircraft cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. The airline was flying a Boeing Co 767 aircraft with CF6-80C2 engines made by GE. In this instance, the failure caused a fuel leak that resulted in a fire, though no one aboard was seriously injured. GE has stressed the reliability of its CF6 engines, which it said had flown more than 400 million hours since the 1970s. (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Exclusive: FedEx grounds one plane over GE engine part concern Exclusive: FedEx grounds one plane over GE engine part concern By Jeffrey Dastin(Reuters) - FedEx Corp is... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Kantipur The Kathmandu Post saptahik Nepal Nari Radio Kantipur Kantipur TV 0Shares Share on facebookShare on twitter Money Y12e slated for test flight to Lukla - Post Report, Kathmandu Nov 8, 2016- Nepal Airlines Corporation (NAC) is scheduled to conduct a test flight of its Chinese-made Y12e to Lukla airport on November 23, two years after it was inducted into its fleet.  The 17-seater Y12e arrived in Kathmandu in 2014 and was intended to serve remote mountain airfields like Lukla, Jomsom, Manang, Simikot, Rara, Jumla and Dolpa. But its regulatory limit meant that it could only fly to airports with a maximum grade of up to 2 percent or about 1.2 degrees of slope. As a result, the Y12e was only operated on the Pokhara and Simara sectors, pending the issuance of a certificate by the manufacturer clearing it to serve airports with a slope of more than 2 degrees. The runway at Lukla’s Tenzing-Hillary Airport has an 11-degree slope. Most of the short take-off and landing (STOL) airfields in Nepal including Lukla in Khumbu are above the regulatory limit. According to the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal (Caan), the aircraft manufacturer has to issue a gradient certificate after the test flight. “The manufacturer will then develop a procedural design of the aircraft on the respective airfield. Caan will then accept the technical design permitting the aircraft of such type to fly,” said a Caan official.  Although the Harbin Yunshuji Y-12-II had made thousands of flights all over Nepal and has been described as the best aircraft to serve STOL airfields, strict enforcement of new regulations by Caan to ensure safety has prevented the Y12e from flying to mountain airstrips. “After the test flight, we will decide whether to bring the three Y12e aircraft on order,” said NAC Managing Director Sugat Ratna Kansakar.  “As per the plan, we are weighing an option to bring two aircraft, one 56-seater MA60 and one Y12e by December. The other two Y12e will be inducted into the fleet after we are satisfied with its performance.” He added that except for a load restriction problem, there were no other issues with the MA60. The delivery process of the four aircraft on order, one MA60 and three Y12e, had been put on hold for the last two years after NAC reported many problems, including load restrictions, in the two that have joined its fleet. According to the performance analysis report of the Y12e aircraft submitted to the Tourism Ministry last year, it flies well in very cold weather, with performance falling with a rise in temperature and altitude. From Lukla to Kathmandu, the Y12e can carry 16 passengers in all-weather conditions; but from Kathmandu to Lukla, the passenger load has to be reduced to 13, according to the report. The Y12e is totally unsuitable for the Pokhara-Manang sector, according to the report. The allowable cabin load is seven passengers at 0 degrees, two passengers at 10 degrees, one passenger at 12 degrees and zero passengers at 14 degrees Celsius respectively. The aircraft can carry 12 passengers in all-weather conditions from Biratnagar to Taplejung. Likewise, on the Jomsom-Pokhara route, it can fly with 16 passengers in all-weather conditions; but on the return flight, the passenger load has to be reduced to 14, the report said.  According to Tourism Ministry officials, NAC has been directed to bring the remaining aircraft and fly them on selected routes where they can perform well. Last October, the Tourism Ministry had directed NAC to resume the process of taking delivery of the four planes considering pertinent issues that need to be addressed to reap the maximum benefit while flying these aircraft in Nepali skies.  The manufacturer completed assembling the three Y12e for Nepal in early 2015. The aircraft, bearing NAC livery and Nepali registration numbers, have been sitting in the factory hangar since then. China has provided one MA60 and one Y12e worth Rs2.94 billion as gifts. The other aircraft are being bought with a soft loan of Rs3.72 billion provided by China’s EXIM Bank. NAC to send off its Boeing 757 Karnali KATHMANDU: Nepal Airlines Corporation (NAC) has hired an appraiser from Switzerland to make a valuation of one of its two Boeing 757s it plans to phase out. According to NAC, the appraiser is scheduled to arrive in Nepal in two-three days. After getting the appraiser’s report, NAC will call for bids to sell the jet. The Karnali, bearing registration number 9N-ACA, will be retired first. It completed 29 years of service in August. The NAC board has already agreed in principle to allow the management to send off one of the two ageing 757s. The 9N-ACA arrived in Nepal in 1987 and made its first flight on August 20. The jet flew on long-haul routes, displaying the national flag at world airports. The 757 holds 190 passengers. The Boeing 757 is a mid-sized, narrow-body twin-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. It was in production from 1981 to 2004. (PR) Published: 08-11-2016 08:31 The Kathmandu Post ›Money › Post Report Next Story NEA working on plan to end load shedding › More From Money Dahal urges Modi to provide exchange facility to Nepalis Nov 15, 2016 AIC proposes cut in prices of urea, DAP Nov 15, 2016 IC shortage hits general public Nov 15, 2016 Govt to offer vocational training to jobless youths Nov 15, 2016 Nepal Rastra Bank brings in $10m in cash from Singapore Nov 15, 2016 Gold hits five-month low of Rs55k per tola Nov 15, 2016 Black rice produced for the first time in Sindhupalchok Nov 14, 2016 Govt to build fuel storage plants in all 75 districts Nov 14, 2016 Use diplomatic channel to clear confusion, FNCCI urges govt Nov 14, 2016 Govt implements farm modernisation project Nov 14, 2016 Trending User's Feedback Click here for your comments Comment via Facebook Don't have facebook account? Use this form to comment Loading... Main News Nepal committed to one-China policyNov 15, 2016 Suspended lawmaker Lharkyal Lama gets clean chitNov 15, 2016 Karki appears before SC to submit his written replyNov 15, 2016 PM directs Agriculture Minister to develop 'super zones'Nov 15, 2016 CJ Karki stresses on ending impunityNov 15, 2016 NC leaders agree to pick Jit Jung Basnet as Tarun Dal PrezNov 15, 2016 RPP, RPP-N to unite on Nov 21Nov 15, 2016 Police shoot dead armed man in RautahatNov 15, 2016 Gathabandhan ‘gives’ 15 more days to govtNov 15, 2016 Sajha Yatayat expands bus serviceNov 14, 2016 The Kathmandu Post's Categories 12th South Asian Games Blog Capital Development Editor's Pick Editorial Entertainment Featured Fiction Park General Health & Living Health & Style Int'l Coverage INTERVIEW MAIN NEWS Money National news Off The Beat Oped POST TRIVIA Saturday Features Sports Video World Visit kmg.com.np About Us Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepal’s first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepal’s leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepal’s second-most widely circulated newspaper—after Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.   Read more» AdvertiseTo advertise on ekantipur click here » To advertise on print media click here » FeedbackSend us your feedback » We like to hear from you. × Contact Us Contact Address Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd. Central Business Park, Thapathali Kathmandu, Nepal +977-01-5135000 +977-01-5135001 Contact Us » A member of ekantipur © Copyright Kantipur Digital Corp. Designed and Developed by
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments India’s new e-service tax a headache for content providers, a moneyspinner for Modi govt 2   Comments more from #FedEx FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns Google, Amazon race to get your DNA into the cloud New e-commerce strategies threaten UPS, FedEx Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns #FedEx Image: Reuters 0   08 Nov 2016 , 08:47 FedEx Corp is grounding one of its planes temporarily that has an engine General Electric Co flagged after a passenger jet erupted in flames last month, a spokesman for the cargo airline told Reuters on Monday. Engine-maker GE on Friday alerted airlines about a small number of parts under investigation following American Airlines Flight 383, which caught fire on Oct. 28. The parts were made from the same lot of alloy as a turbine disk used by American, which GE subsequently discovered had a “material anomaly.” While U.S. investigators have yet to assign blame for the non-fatal incident, they have found what appeared to be fatigue cracking where the disk had an anomaly. Experts have said the disk’s corrupted material may indicate a manufacturing defect, either by the parts or metal maker. In a statement, FedEx spokesman Chris Allen said the company was notified that an engine in one MD11 aircraft was affected. “The aircraft associated with the affected engine is temporarily not in service until the engine is replaced. Safety is our top priority,” he said. GE on Friday said all but one of the parts related to the anomalous disk were out of service. The American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami aborted takeoff following an “uncontained” engine failure, a rare event in which components spew from an engine and can tear through an aircraft cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. The airline was flying a Boeing Co 767 aircraft with CF6-80C2 engines made by GE. In this instance, the failure caused a fuel leak that resulted in a fire, though no one aboard was seriously injured. GE has stressed the reliability of its CF6 engines, which it said had flown more than 400 million hours since the 1970s. Reuters Tags: Boeing, FedEx, GE, General Electric, MD11 Also read New e-commerce strategies threaten UPS, FedEx General Motors decides to increase the production of Chevrolet Bolt electric cars X Recommended For You Google, Amazon race to get your DNA into the cloud New e-commerce strategies threaten UPS, FedEx Google debuts Maps Engine API to help enterprises create custom maps Dog Trouble For DVD Pirates Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Google Nov 15, 2016 Google uses machine learning to upscale and enhance low quality photos #Online harassment Nov 15, 2016 Online abuse and harassment continue to remain a grave issue according to “Freedom on the Net 2016” #superparamagnetic Nov 15, 2016 Chinese researchers develop superparamagnetic crystals that can revolutionise drug delivery #Internet of Things Nov 15, 2016 Reliance Group teams-up with Cisco Jasper to make ‘UNLIMIT’, a IoT services providing venture #Emission Nov 15, 2016 Batteries are better than hydrogen fuel cells for reducing emissions: Study SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Counter UAV (C-UAV) Technologies Market 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 07, 2016, 18:59 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details This pioneering new report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers market insight and analysis of the emerging Counter UAV (C-UAV) market. Visiongain assesses that the C-UAV market will generate revenues of $2,483 million in 2016. Now: In May 2016, Blighter Surveillance Systems Ltd, Chess Dynamics Ltd, and Electronic Control Systems Ltd had their AUDS C-UAV system selected by the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for evaluation at US airports as part of its Pathfinder Programme. This is an example of the business critical headline that you need to know about - and more importantly, you need to read visiongain's objective analysis of how this will impact your company and the industry more broadly. How are you and your company reacting to this news? Are you sufficiently informed? How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in the C-UAV sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new report you will receive 249 in-depth tables, charts and graphs plus an EXCLUSIVE interview – all unavailable elsewhere. The 205 page report provides clear detailed insight into the global Counter UAV (C-UAV) market. It reveals the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you will be better informed and ready to act. Reason to buy: - Global Counter UAV (C-UAV) market forecast from 2016-2026 - Counter UAV (C-UAV) submarket forecasts and analysis from 2016-2026 covering - Civilian Systems - Military Systems - Analysis of the key factors driving growth in the global Counter UAV (C-UAV) market from 2016-2026 - Analysis and discussion of the prevailing C-UAV technologies in the pipeline and their prospects. - An EXCLUSIVE interview with Mark Radford, CEO of Blighter Surveillance Systems - Details of significant Counter UAV (C-UAV) Contracts, Projects and Programmes - 249 tables, charts and graphs that utilise visual representation in order to clarify trends and market projections - Competitive positioning map analysis of the leading 20 Counter UAV (C-UAV) companies by illustrating their emphasis (Civilian Focused / Military Focused, Mature Companies / Emerging Companies) - Profiles of the leading 20 Counter UAV (C-UAV) companies in 2016 with analysis of their market specialization, technologies, strategy and focus. - Airbus Group SE - Aveillant - Battelle - Blighter Surveillance Systems Ltd - The Boeing Company - Chess Dynamics Ltd - DeTect, Inc. - DroneShield - Enterprise Control Systems Ltd - Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) - Leonardo-Finmeccanica - Lockheed Martin Corporation - MBDA - Northrop Grumman Corporation - Rafael Advanced Defense Systems - Rheinmetall AG - Saab Group - Search Systems - SRC, Inc - Thales Group How will you benefit from this report? - This report will keep your C-UAV knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable C-UAV market data - You will learn how to exploit new C-UAV technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the C-UAV market - You will better understand the C-UAV competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships Who should read this report? - Anyone within the Counter UAV (C-UAV) value chain. - UAV manufacturers - Payload suppliers - R&D staff - Unmanned specialists - Electronic warfare companies - Directed energy weapon companies - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the Counter UAV market and leading companies. You will find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Counter UAV (C-UAV) Technologies Market 2016-2026: Leading Companies, Forecasts for Civilian & Military Markets, Analysis of Kinetic & Non-Kinetic Countermeasures, Directed Energy Weapons, High Energy Lasers (HEL), GPS, Jamming, Hijacking & Anti-UAV Defence System (AUDS), Detection, Tracking, Command & Control (C2) & Mitigation of Enhanced Low, Slow & Small (ELSS), Small RCS, MALE & HALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) / Systems (UAS) & Drones. Avoid missing out by staying informed – order our report now. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04031806-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/counter-uav-c-uav-technologies-market-2016-2026-300358817.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Nov 07, 2016, 19:02 ET Preview: Carbon Capture & Storage (CCS) Market 2016-2026 Nov 07, 2016, 18:59 ET Preview: Point of Care Diagnostic Testing World Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18:19 ETCosmetic Pigments Market by Elemental Composition, Technology,... 18:17 ETRoofing Adhesives Market by Resin Type, Technology, Application -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Counter UAV (C-UAV) Technologies Market 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 07, 2016, 18:59 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPDATE 1-Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade Reuters Nov. 9, 2016, 2:37 PM 28 facebook linkedin twitter email print (Adds U.S. airline shares, analyst comment) By Tim Hepher, Brenda Goh and Clara Denina HONG KONG/SHANGHAI, Nov 9 (Reuters) - Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, although shares of some companies rebounded in afternoon trading. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalisation and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. Many executives remain unsure what Trump's protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Shares of the three largest U.S. airlines - American , Delta and United - rose more than 1 percent in afternoon trade. "We would think they would be down today, but I'm thinking that it's a play on more economic growth" from new policies, said Jim Corridore, analyst at CFRA Research. Protectionism "would be a longer term (outcome) that would hang over the industry but it's going to take a long time to get to that point." Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines - a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. POPULIST POLITICIANS "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump's stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. And the defence industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defence stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku , jumped. REALITY BITES? After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favour of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specialises in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let's remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I'm sure he'll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing in the $100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticised. Airbus is seen close to finalising a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalise a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. (Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, Norihiko Shirouzu in TOKYO, Euan Rocha in MUMBAI, Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE, and Jeffrey Dastin in NEW YORK; Editing by Bill Tarrant and Bill Trott) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-ELECTION/TRADE (UPDATE 1, PIX) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPDATE 1-Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade UPDATE 1-Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade (Adds U.S. airline shares, analyst comment)By... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
About Us Board Members Contact Us Employment Senior Fellows Staff Subscribe to our mailing list Support Jamestown Programs China Brief Eurasia Daily Monitor North Caucasus Weekly Terrorism Monitor Militant Leadership Monitor Russia in Decline Commentaries Most Popular Regions Africa Central Asia China and the Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East South Asia The Caucasus Press/Multimedia Events Media Appearance Press Releases Newsletters Multimedia Analysts Copyright Store Archives About Us Board Members Contact Us Employment Senior Fellows Staff Subscribe to our mailing list Support Jamestown Programs China Brief Eurasia Daily Monitor North Caucasus Weekly Terrorism Monitor Militant Leadership Monitor Russia in Decline Commentaries Most Popular Regions Africa Central Asia China and the Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East South Asia The Caucasus Press/Multimedia Events Media Appearance Press Releases Newsletters Multimedia Analysts Copyright Store Archives Search for: Search Advanced Search Russia’s ‘Youth Army’: Sovietization, Militarization or Radicalization? Publication: Eurasia Daily Monitor Volume: 13 Issue: 180 By: Sergey Sukhankin November 9, 2016 06:09 PM Age: 6 days The first children from the Kola peninsula sign up for the Young Army (Source: mil.ru) In addition to concrete steps aimed at upgrading Russian military capabilities, Moscow has launched a vigorous campaign promoting the cult of the military within Russian society, particular focusing on younger generation of Russians. On September 1, the government launched the so-called “Yunarmia” military-patriotic movement, to be composed of Russian schoolchildren.  Two months later, it is said to have already assembled around 27,000 members (Mil.ru, accessed November 9). The movement was initiated by the Ministry of Defence (it is frequently nicknamed “the army of Sergei Shoygu,” the present minister of defense) and enjoys the full support of Russian President Vladimir Putin. It currently consists of 5,000 branches all across Russia, on the basis of the Central Sport Club of the Army (CSKA) and the Volunteer Society for Cooperation with the Army, Aviation, and Fleet (DOSAAF). In the majority of regions, the local Yunarmia branches are headed by veterans of the Afghan or Chechen wars. The main agenda of the movement is concerned with nurturing the young generation in accordance with Russian national traditions that reject such “foreign” elements as LGBT rights, religious fanaticism, radical nationalism, various sects, and “aggressive minorities” that allegedly seek to overthrow “legitimate governments.” Moreover, it is construed as an “inoculation against Fascism” (Russkaya Pravda, April 10). Also, there is an explicit reference to some “contemporary stage of Russian patriotism” that is based on restoring all “spiritual staples” (a notion introduced by Putin in 2012) and a readiness of ordinary people to serve the motherland (Tretya Mirovaya Voyna, accessed November 9). Russian Minister of Defence Shoygu has also been very explicit as to the goal of the Yunarmia movement: the popularization of military ideology and the fostering of a special bond between young Russians and the army. “Paratroopers and racketeers, infantrymen and tank crew are determined to invite each and every member of ‘Yunarmia’ into their circle,” he noted earlier this year. On the other hand, Alexander Kanshin, the head of the National Association of Reserve Officers, has claimed that even in a short-term prospect, the youth movement is likely to accept “hundreds of thousands” of new members. Indeed, Yunarmia was conceived as a militarized wing of the “Russian movement of schoolchildren,” and thus it potentially has truly immense human resources at its disposal. Moreover, even though membership is officially “voluntary,” there are serious doubts in this regard—particularly considering Russo-Soviet historical tradition. Some observers have already compared the new organization to its historical predecessor of the mid-1980s, which played the role of a military supplement to the Soviet Pioneers youth organization. The alleged similarity is not only based on the visible ideological commonalities between the two, but is also underscored by the uniforms its members are given (Kp.ru, May 25). One should not, however, conflate Yunarmia with such artificially created pro-Kremlin projects of the early 2000s as “Nashi”: the former is, by no means, just another “patriotic” initiative created by Russian political technologists. Rather, Yunarmia is a growing movement closely linked with the Russian Armed Forces. And considering the militaristic ideology now seen growing in the country, it the new “youth army” should be understood as an organic “part of the Russian state” (Openrussia.org, August 12). Notably, Kaliningrad oblast—the Russian “island in Europe,” which is currently also being subjected to profound Soviet-style militarization (see EDM, November 7)—seems to have been chosen by Moscow to showcase Yunarmia’s launch. The ceremony of acceptance of the first Yunarmia members in the oblast was carried out with unprecedented pomp: not only was it attended by prominent Russian sportsmen, it also allowed the new members to undertake a short sea voyage on the naval corvette Steregushchiy (Tvzvezda.ru, July 9). The “militarization of public conscious” in Kaliningrad has more recently taken yet another turn. On October 26, the holding company AO “Voentorg” had an opening ceremony for the first store in the exclave oblast that will sell consumer goods branded “Russian Army” (“Armija Rossii”). All in all there are only six stores of this kind across Russia; the one located in Moscow is physically situated right in front of the United States Embassy. The launch event for the Kaliningrad store was overseen by the commander of the Baltic Sea Fleet, Vice Admiral Alexander Nosatov (Newkaliningrad.ru, October 26). Aside from products aimed at adults—the so-called “Polite People” brand, styled in the Soviet tradition of goods dating from the early 1940s—the shop offers a special line for children branded “Polite Bears.” The children’s line also adheres to the currently extremely popular “military style” (Minoborony Rossii, October 25). Undoubtedly, the last aspect should be viewed as an extremely dangerous and far-reaching trend that underscores the growing link between the youngest members of Russian society and the cult of militarism. Quite recently, the Russian blogosphere was appalled by the release of a children’s bed designed to look like the notorious “Buk” missile system, which was used to down the MH17 Boeing passenger jet over eastern Ukraine, in July 2014 (Mk.ru, October 1). Admittedly, it would be quite inaccurate to claim that today’s Yunarmia and its Soviet-era predecessor are entirely analogous. In fact, today’s “youth army” appears to be a much more ominous phenomenon for Russian society.  Given the extent of xenophobia and the cult of the military in Russian society today, the emergence of a mass popular youth movement like Yunarmia reflects a much darker time of the last century when young people became tools of totalitarian regimes in Europe. It will be up to Russians to make sure Yunarmia does not retread these footsteps of the past. Back Short-Term Personnel Contracts Negate Go..Next Belarus Balances Pursuit of Economic Gro.. Publications Special Project Events Tenth Annual Terrorism Conference  Tenth Annual Terrorism Conference New Administration, New Challenges, New Threats... MORE Follow Jamestown facebook twitter rss_reader vimeo Subscribe to Our Publications Media Appearances Jamestown Analyst Animesh Roul Quoted in The Wall Street Journal On October 25, Jamestown analyst was quoted in a  The Wall Street Journal article on recent terrorist attacks in Pakistan. Mr. Roul explained developments with Islamic State in Afghanistan and Pakistan in the article “Police Academy Attack Shows New Security... MORE Recent Publications Now Available — Eurasian Disunion: Russia’s Vulnerable Flanks Russia’s attack on Ukraine and the dismemberment of its territory is not an isolated operation. It constitutes one component of a broader strategic agenda to rebuild a Moscow-centered bloc designed to compete with the West. The acceleration of President Vladimir... MORE About Us Board Members Contact Us Employment Senior Fellows Staff Support Jamestown Programs China Brief Eurasia Daily Monitor North Caucasus Weekly Terrorism Monitor Militant Leadership Monitor Russia in Decline Commentaries Regions Africa Central Asia China and the Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East South Asia The Caucasus Store All Books DVDs Friends of Jamestown Reports Press/Multimedia Conferences & Events Analysts Media Appearances Newsletters Multimedia News 1310 L St. NW, Suite 810 Washington DC, 20005 PHONE: 202.483.8888 FAX: 202.483.8337 E-MAIL: pubs@jamestown.org facebook twitter rss_reader vimeo © 2016 The Jamestown Foundation All rights reserved.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Jeppesen offers avionics data bundle for general aviation pilots By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · November 9, 2016 Jeppesen has offered a series of three new general aviation data bundle services to meet the needs of individual pilot needs, the company said. The company said bundle services combine access across both general aviation avionics, including Garmin and Avidyne, and popular mobile apps, providing the coverages pilots need on the number of devices they use. The data bundles include unique full Americas (North, Central & South America) coverage that eliminates the need for trip kits. Jeppesen delivers information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the digital aviation business unit within Boeing commercial aviation services. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « CPI Aerostructures reports USD22m in Q3 2016 revenue Amerijet appoints former Delta SVP to board of managers » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, even though many executives remain unsure what his protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Posted 09 Nov 2016 20:03 Traders at BGC Partners look at screens as victorious U.S. Presidential election candidate Donald Trump speaks on a television screen behind, in London, Britain, November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville Enlarge Caption  Email More A A HONG KONG/SHANGHAI: Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, even though many executives remain unsure what his protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "People are in shock. It seems commentators misread the mood of the country," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalisation and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines - a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. POPULIST POLITICIANS "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump’s stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," Lundquist said. And the defence industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defence stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku, jumped. REALITY BITES? After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favour of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specialises in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let’s remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I’m sure he’ll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing in the US$100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticised. Airbus is seen close to finalising a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalise a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. (Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, Norihiko Shirouzu in TOKYO, Euan Rocha in MUMBAI and Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE.; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and Bill Tarrant) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade Freshly printed newspapers with the headline reading "Trump surprises" are seen at a conveyer belt at a printer of the local daily El Diario of Juarez in Ciudad Juarez. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:40 PM, November 9, 2016 Updated: 5:30 AM, November 10, 2016 HONG KONG/SHANGHAI - Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, although shares of some companies rebounded in afternoon trading. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalization and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines <003490.KS>, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's <0753.HK> Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota <7203.T>, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. Many executives remain unsure what Trump's protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Shares of the three largest U.S. airlines - American <AAL.O>, Delta <DAL.N> and United <UAL.N> - rose more than 1 percent in afternoon trade. "We would think they would be down today, but I’m thinking that it’s a play on more economic growth" from new policies, said Jim Corridore, analyst at CFRA Research. Protectionism "would be a longer term (outcome) that would hang over the industry but it's going to take a long time to get to that point." Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines - a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. POPULIST POLITICIANS "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump’s stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. And the defense industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defence stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku <6208.T>, jumped. REALITY BITES? After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favor of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specializes in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys <INFY.NS> and Tata Consultancy Services <TCS.NS> were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let’s remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I’m sure he’ll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing <BA.N> in the $100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticized. Airbus <AIR.PA> is seen close to finalizing a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalize a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press President-elect Donald Trump pumps his fist during an election night rally, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade By Tim Hepher, Brenda Goh and Clara Denina • Reuters Nov 9, 2016 (…) The Associated Press President-elect Donald Trump pumps his fist during an election night rally, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) HONG KONG  • Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, even though many executives remain unsure what his protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "People are in shock. It seems commentators misread the mood of the country," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalization and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines — a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. Populist politicians "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump's stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," Lundquist said. And the defense industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defense stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku , jumped. Reality bites?   After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favor of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specializes in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Who's hired? Check our People in Business What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let's remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I'm sure he'll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing in the $100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticized. Airbus is seen close to finalizing a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalize a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Firm Donald Trump View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance International Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade Source : Last Updated: Wed, Nov 09, 2016 16:03 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print By Tim Hepher, Brenda Goh and Clara Denina HONG KONG/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, even though many executives remain unsure what his protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "People are in shock. It seems commentators misread the mood of the country," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines <003490.KS>, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's <0753.HK> Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota <7203.T>, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalisation and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines - a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. POPULIST POLITICIANS "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump’s stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," Lundquist said. And the defence industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defence stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku <6208.T>, jumped. REALITY BITES? After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favour of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specialises in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let’s remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I’m sure he’ll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing in the $100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticised. Airbus is seen close to finalising a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalise a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. (Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, Norihiko Shirouzu in TOKYO, Euan Rocha in MUMBAI and Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE.; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and Bill Tarrant) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News Why Donald Trump's victory is good news for India Some concerns about Modi's demonetisation move Is the NDTV India ban yet another attack on press freedom? Why the one-day NDTV gag is a Modi masterstroke Politicising a veteran's suicide over OROP The economics of CPEC: What are the options for India? GST will come on time, but multiple rates will dilute benefits Diwali: 'Religious sentiments' over safety norms? More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump victory shocks global firms reliant on open trade By Reuters Published: 05:13 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 05:13 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher, Brenda Goh and Clara Denina HONG KONG/SHANGHAI, Nov 9 (Reuters) - Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election sent shockwaves through industries that rely on open trade, from airlines to cars and IT outsourcing, even though many executives remain unsure what his protectionist rhetoric will mean in practice. Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. economy by slashing taxes, preventing companies from making products overseas, renegotiating trade accords and imposing tariffs on imports from countries like China. "People are in shock. It seems commentators misread the mood of the country," said veteran U.S. aerospace consultant Jerrold Lundquist, managing director of The Lundquist Group. In Asia, shares in airlines with significant exposure to global trade, such as cargo giant Korean Airlines, fell as much as 5 percent as Trump closed in on the White House. Air China's Hong Kong-listed shares tumbled to their lowest level since June, and automakers like Toyota, for whom the United States is a top market, fell 6.5 percent. "This is part of a much broader problem that we've seen in the world, in which countries are turning inwards and reacting against globalisation and open borders," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Virginia-based Teal Group. Investors at a major Airline Economics finance gathering in Hong Kong last week expressed alarm at a surge in unconventional politics from Britain to Washington and the Philippines - a trend that many expect will leave its mark regardless of how it translates into real policies. That comes as an industry that depends entirely on the flow of goods and people faces doubts over its own economic cycle. POPULIST POLITICIANS "We have seen a large section of the population that has not benefited in the past decade and we are seeing support for populist politicians with simple answers," Brian Pearce, chief economist of the International Air Transport Association told Reuters ahead of the election. "Unfortunately, a lot of those answers are for protectionist policy solutions and air transport flourishes with open borders, so that is quite a dangerous development." International trips make up 64 percent of global air traffic, according to IATA. Executives at U.S. auto companies said they were concerned about Trump's stance on free trade, especially his tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement. They all have production sites in Mexico. But industry executives and analysts said aviation had a history of riding out economic and political shocks. On average, plane makers insist, air traffic doubles every 15 years. "If there are brakes on trade, there could be some impact on international travel. But you have seen more or less 5 percent annual growth in traffic for decades," Lundquist said. And the defence industry could benefit, as a Trump administration spends more on the military and encourages even allies to shoulder more of the security cost. Defence stocks, including listed land mine manufacturer Ishikawa Seisaku , jumped. REALITY BITES? After a bitter election campaign, trade experts said it remained unclear how Trump's statements in favour of protectionist trade measures and tough immigration controls would translate into policy. "The honest answer is that no one knows; even Trump himself doesn't know," said Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at Germany's DVB Bank which specialises in financing trade. "He campaigned not on ideas but on anger and frustration." Tighter rules could impact Indian IT services firms supporting companies in the United States. Shares in companies like Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services were sharply down as Trump closed in on the White House. But Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys and a key figure in India's outsourcing industry, said realism would prevail. "They may fine tune it here and there, but let's remember that he is the president of 300 million U.S. people and I'm sure he'll do what is in the best interest of America. And what is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs," he said. For now, acquisitions at least will cool off, especially Chinese purchases of U.S. companies, as a Trump presidency pushes up regulatory scrutiny. "If he now requires a certain percentage of manufacturing parts to be made in America, it's going to be protectionist... and that increases the risk and cost of doing business," said Stephanie Yuen, an M&A lawyer in Singapore. "He's not just building a Mexican wall, he builds an economic wall around America." And for key sectors, competition will heat up. Europe's Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing in the $100 billion annual jet market could become even fiercer with more government lobbying support, adding stridency to efforts to compete for jobs. Trump's victory may also raise questions over plans to sell over 200 Western airplanes to Iran under a deal to lift sanctions that the president-elect has severely criticised. Airbus is seen close to finalising a tranche of 17 jets, but needs U.S. approval to complete plans for another 80 or so because the jets are built with many U.S. parts. Boeing has U.S. approval to finalise a deal for some 100 jets but Middle East sources say progress has been slow so far. "It further reduces the prospect of the deals going ahead," Aboulafia said. (Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, Norihiko Shirouzu in TOKYO, Euan Rocha in MUMBAI and Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE.; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and Bill Tarrant) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Exclusive: FedEx grounds one plane over GE engine part concern General Electric employee Ron Carlson inspects a CF6-80C engine at the GE Aviation Peebles Test Operations Facility in Peebles, Ohio. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:30 AM, November 8, 2016 Updated: 12:30 PM, November 8, 2016 FedEx Corp is grounding one of its planes temporarily that has an engine General Electric Co flagged after a passenger jet erupted in flames last month, a spokesman for the cargo airline told Reuters on Monday. Engine-maker GE on Friday alerted airlines about a small number of parts under investigation following American Airlines Flight 383, which caught fire on Oct. 28. The parts were made from the same lot of alloy as a turbine disk used by American, which GE subsequently discovered had a "material anomaly." While U.S. investigators have yet to assign blame for the non-fatal incident, they have found what appeared to be fatigue cracking where the disk had an anomaly. Experts have said the disk's corrupted material may indicate a manufacturing defect, either by the parts or metal maker. In a statement, FedEx spokesman Chris Allen said the company was notified that an engine in one MD11 aircraft was affected. "The aircraft associated with the affected engine is temporarily not in service until the engine is replaced. Safety is our top priority," he said. GE on Friday said all but one of the parts related to the anomalous disk were out of service. The component on the now-grounded FedEx plane had been the one in operation, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said on Monday. "The part has been taken out of service, not because it was viewed as defective but because it was simply from the same lot of material," Kennedy said in a statement. The American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami aborted takeoff following an "uncontained" engine failure, a rare event in which components spew from an engine and can tear through an aircraft cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. The airline was flying a Boeing Co 767 aircraft with CF6-80C2 engines made by GE. In this instance, the failure caused a fuel leak that resulted in a fire, though no one aboard was seriously injured. GE has stressed the reliability of its CF6 engines, which it said had flown more than 400 million hours since the 1970s. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
