Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing's Longest 737 Max Can't Debut Soon Enough for One Buyer by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson March 7, 2017, 12:33 AM EST Air Lease wants Max 10X jets a year before Boeing can deliver Plane crucial to fill gap Airbus is exploiting with A321neos Rendering of the Boeing 737 Max 10. Source: Boeing Co. Boeing Co. is nearing a decision to build a longer 737 Max targeted for trips from Boston to Los Angeles -- and fill a gap in its product portfolio that Airbus Group SE is exploiting as it racks up order after order for its A321neo. For one key customer, Air Lease Corp., Boeing’s newest single-aisle plane can’t come soon enough. “We’ve recommended 2019,” John Plueger, chief executive officer of the Los Angeles-based lessor, said in an interview. That’s a year ahead of Boeing’s schedule for the Max 10X’s planned debut. “It would have been better to get the first airplane in March 2019, but I don’t think that’s possible,” he said. Boeing is in intense discussions with airlines and lessors for the Max 10X and has “extended business offers” to some potential buyers as it builds a case for the narrow-body jet, Randy Tinseth, a Boeing vice president of marketing, said Tuesday as he provided the first view of the aircraft model at the Istat Americas annual conference in San Diego. The decision on when to launch the plane is expected this year. Timing and price are two of the critical elements that Boeing must consider in its high-stakes chess match with Airbus for dominance of the single-aisle market. The 737 and A320 family aircraft, long favored by budget carriers, are the largest source of profit for the aerospace titans. Billions of dollars of investment are at stake, and the payoff can be thwarted by factors ranging from cheap oil to supplier stumbles. Getting Antsy Air Lease, an influential lessor with a track record of shaping Boeing and Airbus product decisions, is getting antsy. While Boeing figures out its product strategy, Airbus’s A321neo is grabbing orders from customers like Delta Air Lines Inc. for transcontinental flying once handled by Boeing’s out-of-production 757. “It’s getting a very late start,” said Plueger, who co-founded Air Lease with Steven Udvar-Hazy, nicknamed the “godfather” of aircraft leasing for his role in founding the industry. “The timing is really key here.” The newest member of the 737 Max family, the 10X, would seat 230 people in a single-cabin design and debut less than a year after Airbus introduces an A321neo model whose doors are reconfigured to seat as many as 240 people, Tinseth said in an interview. Boeing sees an opportunity to market to operators of the 737-800 as about 4,000 of the jets retire over the next decade. Great Place The MAX 10X is a relatively minor upgrade that would offer similar capacity, and 5 percent lower per-seat costs and 5 percent lower per-trip costs than the A321neo, Tinseth said. With a few tweaks to its door design, the cabin length could come within 15 inches of its larger Airbus rival. “We match their revenue at a lower cost,” he said. “It’s a great place to be.” Airbus sales chief John Leahy was dismissive of the Boeing product. “They are spending money to improve a product but not be equal to us. So you’d say, ‘Well why would I buy that?”’ he said in an interview. Even so, the European planemaker is “looking at further slight improvements in fuel consumption and range,” of the A321, Leahy said, including small “clean-ups” of the A321 wing design. “There is always the possibility of trying to get an extra seat row in,” Leahy said. “A lot depends on what they decide to do with the 737 Max 10.” Pratt Engines While Airbus has grabbed the bulk of single-aisle sales since introducing a more efficient version of the A320 in late 2010, it has also faced delays and angry customers as United Technologies Corp.’s Pratt & Whitney division struggles to ramp up production of a new engine tailored for the A320neo family, which began commercial flights last year. The engine-maker recently acknowledged some durability issues affecting the geared turbofan, including a combustor liner that is degrading faster than anticipated in harsh environments. Pratt is also working with a supplier to resolve premature failures of an oil seal, which should be fixed by May, Gregory Hayes, chief executive officer of parent United Technologies, said on the most-recent quarterly earnings conference call. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Air Lease expects to take delivery of eight Pratt-powered A320neo aircraft this year, Plueger said. But operators are asking Pratt to provide a greater number of spare engines as insurance, putting more pressure on the division. The challenge: “Meet the revised quantity they have agreed to provide Airbus, but also ramping up so they have enough spare engines to cover the installed fleet,” he said. While Pratt’s industrial performance has been “disappointing,” the geared technology in the new engine is performing well, Leahy said. “It’s just some small, painful problems that I’m sure they’ll get behind them in the industrialization of the program,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.20 -0.02%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.508%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.38 0.34%   Euro ▲ 1.0575 -0.07%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud https://www.wsj.com/articles/microsofts-judson-althoff-on-the-promise-of-the-cloud-1488855901 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership Microsoft’s Judson Althoff on the Promise of the Cloud From the air to the farm, he says, businesses are changing faster and becoming more efficient Judson Althoff describes how his company has used cloud computing to help agricultural companies like Land O'Lakes. Updated March 6, 2017 10:25 p.m. ET 0 COMMENTS The cloud makes companies lots of big promises. Among them: the chance not just to move services online but to make a digital . Steven Rosenbush, editor of the CIO Journal, spoke with Judson Althoff, executive vice president of world-wide commercial business for Microsoft. Edited excerpts follow. MR ROSENBUSH: About eight months ago you did a deal with Boeing, a customer of quite a few decades. This was very different. How so? MR. ALTHOFF: They’ve been a great commercial customer. We’ve supplied them with all kinds of technology. But the deal we struck about eight months ago was fundamentally different. It marked their first foray into digital. They’ve taken their digital aviation assets, such as failure analysis for air frames and engines. They moved that onto our Azure cloud-services platform. MR. ROSENBUSH: If I could just back up: When I think digital, it could mean my phone. It could mean email. What do you mean in this case? Journal Report Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in CIO Network How AI Will Change Everything What Tech Employees Want Three VCs on What’s Next in Technology Tech Concerns and the Trump Administration Why Digital Transformations Are Hard MR. ALTHOFF: Digital is a wave of innovation that’s fueled by cloud technologies like [the Internet of Things], artificial intelligence and augmented reality. That allows businesses to change faster, become more efficient and more effective than ever. In the Boeing scenario they decided, “We want to take advantage of technologies in the cloud to rethink our business model for digital aviation.” Boeing sold digital-aviation assets for many years. Traditionally that’s meant showing up to an airline and deploying software on servers, handling everything from network operations to client-side devices. The move of those aviation assets to Azure has actually enabled them to deploy more effectively, more nimbly and at a lower cost than ever before. From a technology standpoint, there’s a huge advantage on being on the Azure platform. MR. ROSENBUSH: Is that better business or a different kind of business? MR. ALTHOFF: Just from a technology standpoint, it’s just a more efficient business. The business model is unique. Rather than Microsoft just being a supplier of tech, we’re a part of the cogs for their solution. And we actually sell together in the marketplace. If Boeing is calling on Lufthansa or Singapore Airlines or China Eastern, our sales teams are working together. So Microsoft will handle the cloud and infrastructure standpoint, whether that be private, hybrid or public. And Boeing can focus on the aviation assets. MR. ROSENBUSH: What is a business case for the cloud, and not just in terms of efficiency or the cost savings or the financial return, but what’s happening at the level of the business model? MR. ALTHOFF: There are cloud scenarios where companies are doing a lot of lift-and-shift motions [which involves re-creating apps they already use in the cloud without modifying them]. But we see much greater opportunity in actually embracing digital scenarios. Take Land O’Lakes. When my team came to me and said, “Judson, we’ve got a great idea. We’re going to digitally transform Land O’Lakes.” I was like, how are we going to digitally transform butter? They said, “Yes, Land O’Lakes is the king of dairy. But they have a tremendous amount of assets for precision agriculture. They sell commercial feed to co-op farmers and have amassed decades’ worth of satellite imagery of all of these farms.” So we took all of that imagery, pushed it into the cloud, created a massive data lake, built an intelligence fabric on top of it using Azure. We prescribed the right kind of hybrid seeds and amount of seeds and soil treatments for every square meter of land. And then downloaded these prescriptions to semiautonomous driving tractors so that we can variably plant seeds across a field. You’ve taken a field that once produced 100 to 130 bushels of corn per acre to now producing over 500 bushels of corn per acre on the same piece of land. Land O’Lakes is on their way to having a $13 billion precision-agriculture business. The process took a good year of partnering with Land O’Lakes from the leaders that run their precision-agriculture business to their CIO, to crafting the business model, to looking at the assets they had. JUDSON ALTHOFF | ’Digital transformation is a wave of innovation that’s fueled by cloud technologies.’ Photo: Nikki Ritcher/Dow Jones And we said, “Well, listen, we can certainly take your data-center assets and lift and shift them to the cloud and save you a bunch of money. But let’s think about the assets that you have and how we can actually transform your product line to really create a digital business.” And so the business-planning part of it ran in parallel to the technical work. Moving ahead MR. ROSENBUSH: Once you begin to operationalize this move, what sort of practical, everyday challenges arise? MR. ALTHOFF: A lot of it comes to learning and culture change. Educating our customer base on how to grasp those, take advantage of them, operationalize them in the cloud is huge work. And then, even from that, the sort of end-user scenarios. Thinking about how do you actually put technology into the hands of the person who has not typically been a knowledge worker and better empower them? We do a lot of work with Ecolab. And particularly a division of Ecolab called Nalco Water. Nalco, as a chemical-treating company, has been in the business of selling valves and water-treatment equipment. The people that work for Nalco have been largely blue-collar tech workers who go in and replace water valves that aren’t functioning. We worked with them to completely enable every product they have [to be part of the Internet of Things]. So it feeds data into a common data lake. We built once again an intelligence fabric across that data. Both their on-premises data as well as their unstructured data in the cloud. That hybrid again, that hybrid capability is super critical. And then that feeds all of their field-service automation scenarios and their [customer-relation management] systems such that their workers then show up proactively. You put that technology into the hands of these people, and you actually empower them to create clean water as a service, rather than simply selling valves. Write to reports@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos High Salaries at Charities Draw Scrutiny Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? The Government's Wiretapping Powers Explained Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ Mount Etna Eruption: Skiers Chase Smoldering Boulder Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (0) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos High Salaries at Charities Draw Scrutiny Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? The Government's Wiretapping Powers Explained Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ Mount Etna Eruption: Skiers Chase Smoldering Boulder Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine  PoliticsNews Trump Surveillance Allegation Could Trace to Reported Court Order  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ EconomyNews Trump’s Mixed Signals on Export-Import Bank Leave Door Open for Conservatives  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  SecurityCommentary Why Trump’s Revised Executive Order Is Constitutional, Legal, and Common Sense Education News Professors, Students Demand College Start Fund for Illegal Immigrants  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ Health Care News For One Conservative, 2017 Looks Similar to 2009 Obamacare Debate  PoliticsNews Trump’s 5 Health Care Principles, Explained   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’ Education News Betsy DeVos Confronts Transgender Controversy at CPAC Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch’s Proven Track Record of Protecting Religious Liberty Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch Is Trump’s Best Revenge for Judicial Activism  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Security Commentary Kansas City Bombing Scheme Becomes First Terror Plot of 2017  Security News At CPAC, Panelists Discuss Role Vetting, Assimilation Play in National Security Security News ‘We Have to Forgive Them’: Front Lines in Ukraine Divide Families and Friends Security News Amid War, Ukraine’s Population Continues to Dwindle Security News Why Russian Military Aggression Has Backfired on Moscow Security Feature 3 Years After the Revolution, Peace Remains Elusive in Ukraine EconomyNews Trump’s Mixed Signals on Export-Import Bank Leave Door Open for Conservatives Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / March 06, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print During a speech at a Boeing factory in South Carolina, onlookers expected President Donald Trump to make an announcement on the future of the Export-Import Bank. However, any mention of the bank was noticeably absent from his remarks. (Photo: Richard Ellis/ZUMA Press/Newscom) For the last five years, conservative lawmakers have rallied behind efforts to close the Export-Import Bank, and were successful in 2015, albeit briefly, when the bank’s charter lapsed for the first time in its history. But now, with President Donald Trump in the White House, conservative lawmakers may have a chance to shutter the bank for good, or at least keep it operating with limited authority. There is just one problem: Trump has sent mixed signals on where he stands on the Export-Import Bank, and though his budget director and advisers oppose the agency, Trump signaled early in his administration he could be swayed. “I’m nervous he’s not going to do the right thing,” Diane Katz, a senior research fellow at The Heritage Foundation who opposes the bank, told The Daily Signal, “but I hope he does.” Experts like Katz braced for Trump to make an announcement about the bank’s future during a speech last month at a Boeing plant in South Carolina. The company is one of Ex-Im’s biggest beneficiaries, and the agency has earned the nickname “Boeing’s Bank” for the amount of taxpayer-backed financing the aerospace giant benefits from. But Trump noticeably left any mention of the 83-year-old agency out of his speech, which delighted and surprised those who oppose the bank. “What’s clear is that something’s happened,” Veronique de Rugy, a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, told The Daily Signal. “The president has to be bothered by the amount of subsidies we’re giving to other countries,” she continued. Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and countries for the purchase of U.S. exports. Its supporters believe the bank creates jobs and helps small businesses compete in the global market. But opponents believe it’s an engine of cronyism and corporate welfare. The 83-year-old agency’s future has been at the center of disputes in Congress over the last five years, and though there is a Republican in the White House, conservative lawmakers aren’t planning to stop fighting for it to shutter. “I’ve fought against the Export-Import Bank for years and will continue to do so,” Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said in a statement to The Daily Signal. “I share the president’s commitment to American job creation, but I don’t believe in a program that favors big corporations over American taxpayers.” Trump’s stance on Ex-Im, meanwhile, has been contradictory. In an interview from the campaign trail with Bloomberg in August 2015, Trump called the bank “feather bedding” for politicians and some companies. “I don’t like it. I think it’s a lot of excess baggage. I think it’s unnecessary,” then-candidate Trump said. “And when you think about free enterprise, it’s really not free enterprise. I’d be against it.” But during a lunch with Senate Democrats at the White House last month, the president seemed to warm to the idea of keeping the bank intact. Trump told Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., he planned to nominate someone to serve on Ex-Im’s board of directors, a move that would signify he’s open to restoring the bank to its full authority. “To support the economy and boost American manufacturing jobs, enabling the Ex-Im Bank to work is a critical step,” Heitkamp said in a statement after the meeting. “It’s great news he agreed and said he would nominate someone to serve on the Ex-Im board very soon so the agency, which has been stalled for a year, can fully function and keep supporting American workers and small business, including many in North Dakota, just as it has done for more than 80 years,” she continued. Since his meeting with Heitkamp and other Senate Democrats, though, Trump appears to have walked back his commitment. Last week, the president withdrew the nomination of Claudia Slacik to serve as a member of Ex-Im’s board of directors. President Barack Obama nominated Slacik Jan. 5. Furthermore, Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have surrounded themselves with advisers and staff who oppose the bank. The president tapped Mick Mulvaney, a former congressman from South Carolina, to lead the Office of Management and Budget, and Marc Short, former president of Freedom Partners, to work as his director of legislative affairs. Additionally, Pence selected Mark Calabria, the former director of financial regulation studies at the Cato Institute, to serve as his chief economist. Short and Calabria opposed the bank when working for the Koch-backed Freedom Partners and Cato, respectively, and Mulvaney was one of the loudest bank opponents while serving in Congress. The former South Carolina congressman introduced five amendments to a highway funding bill in 2015 that placed further restrictions on Ex-Im financing, but they all failed. President Donald Trump nominated South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney to lead the Office of Management and Budget. Now serving as budget director, Mulvaney, an opponent of the Export-Import Bank, said the agency should be eliminated. (Photo: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters/Newscom) As budget director, though, Mulvaney has already made Ex-Im a target. Last month, The New York Times reported that the Office of Management and Budget drafted a “hit list” of federal programs that could be eliminated, which included the 83-year-old bank. So far, the White House has yet to clarify whether Trump supports or opposes Ex-Im. When asked about the president’s position on the bank following the release of the “hit list,” press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters late last month they were not “going to get ahead of the OMB director.” “They are drafting a budget, they are talking to members of Congress and other interested parties about funding levels and such, but we’re not at a position to go yet,” Spicer said. But Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin suggested that under the Trump administration, Ex-Im may stop extending loans and loan guarantees to large companies. “I think there’s a lot of concerns historically about the Ex-Im Bank, and is it just subsidizing certain large corporations?” he told CNBC last month. “That’s not something we’re interested in doing.” However, Mnuchin said his agency may not eliminate Ex-Im financing altogether. “To the extent we think the Export-Import Bank can be competitive in helping small and medium-sized businesses export, that’s something that is important,” he said. The bank’s opponents have derided the bank for helping only large companies like Boeing and General Electric, which benefit from large percentages of Ex-Im financing. But Katz said even if the bank shifted its focus to small and medium-sized businesses, as Mnuchin suggested, a different set of problems would arise. “For every small business that benefits from an Ex-Im subsidy, there are going to be businesses that are put at a competitive disadvantage,” she said. Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and countries for the purchase of U.S. products. After a brief lapse in its charter in 2015, the bank has been operating with limited authority because of vacant seats on its board of directors. Ex-Im’s charter requires the board to have a quorum—three of its five members—to approve transactions of more than $10 million. But after Congress reauthorized the bank in December 2015, it’s been hampered by empty board seats. Obama nominated Republican Mark McWatters to fill one of the positions on Ex-Im’s board last year, but then-Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, blocked the nominee from advancing to the Senate floor. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
Home About Advertise Lynnwood Today sponsors Politics Subscribe News Public Safety Transportation Business Community Crime Education General Government Pets Sports Sound Live Sports Network Opinion Arts & Entertainment Events Submit Event Search Monday, March 6, 2017 My Neighborhood News Network My Edmonds News MLTnews Lynnwood Today Lynnwood Today Home About Advertise Lynnwood Today sponsors Politics Subscribe News Public Safety Transportation Business Community Crime Education General Government Pets Sports Sound Live Sports Network Opinion Arts & Entertainment Events Submit Event Government Transportation Community Transit proposes expanded bus service starting in September Mar 6, 2017 61 0 Community Transit has proposed to add 21,000 service hours, or about 6 percent more bus service, in the next year. The proposal would expand service in September 2017 and March 2018, bringing Snohomish County bus riders improved transit connections, a new route to the Paine Field manufacturing area, more weekday trips to Seattle and the University of Washington, and improved Sunday bus service with more frequent buses and later hours on some routes. A proposed extension of Route 105 would mimic the Paine Field routing of the Swift Green Line, a second bus rapid transit line scheduled to begin operation in early 2019. “The local economy is growing, which means more people and more transportation needs,” said Community Transit CEO Emmett Heath in an announcement March 6. “Community Transit will continue to present new alternatives to putting more cars on our congested roads.” Community Transit is taking public comment on the proposal through April 7. If approved by the Board of Directors in May, the new service will be implemented in September 2017 and March 2018. Details of the proposal are available at www.communitytransit.org/ProposedService New route A proposed new Route 107 would operate between Lynnwood Transit Center and Boeing/Paine Field via Mukilteo Speedway. It would operate on weekdays only, peak hour, peak direction. Three proposed morning northbound trips and three proposed evening southbound trips would meet the growing demand for service to Paine Field from the south. Revised routes The following Route revisions would take place in September 2017, unless otherwise noted: Route 105 would be extended north from the Mariner Park & Ride via Airport Road to serve Paine Field, Boeing, Seaway Blvd. and Hardeson Road. These trips would operate both directions weekdays only from 5-8 a.m. and 1:45-6 p.m. This would establish local bus service all along the future Swift Green Line corridor. Route 106 would be realigned from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 180th Street north to Mariner Park & Ride via the same routing as Route 105. The route segment from 180th Street northeast through Mays Pont would be eliminated and served by a realigned Route 115. Route 106 would continue to operate weekday, peak-hour, bi-directional service only. Route 115 would be realigned from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 164th through Mays Pond via 35th& 132nd, ending at Puget Park Drive & 137th Place. The route segment from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 164th north to Mariner Park & Ride would be eliminated and served by Routes 105, 106, 109, 810 & 860. The revised Route 115 would establish connections with Route 109 east of Bothell-Everett Hwy and run every 30 minutes weekdays. However, the segment through Mays Pond would run 30 minutes at peak times and 60 minutes middays and nights. Route 115 runs every 60 minutes on Saturdays and does not operate on Sundays. Route 196 would be extended north from Alderwood Mall to Ash Way Park & Ride, increasing bus service between these two locations, and providing a new regional connection. Route 209 would be extended north from Quil Ceda Village via I-5 to the Smokey Point Transit Center, creating new connections to Quil Ceda from Routes 220, 230 & 240. (This would take place in March 2018.) Routes 270, 271 & 280 would have Everett routing modified to serve Hewitt Avenue and Broadway west of Cedar Street, allowing for a shorter walk to downtown Everett. The route segment along Cedar and Pacific would be eliminated. Route 277 would be eliminated. Hwy 2 service to Boeing would be provided by extended trips on Routes 270 & 271. Hwy 2 service levels to Boeing would remain the same. Route 280 peak hour trips ending in Lake Stevens would have a shorter turnaround to/from 20th Street. The route would be realigned in Granite Falls off Hwy 92 via Quarry Road, Burn Road and Jordan Road, and ending on Alder Ave. in Granite Falls. The route would also serve Granite Falls High School and new development in that area. Added trips Downtown Seattle and University of Washington. The proposal would add approximately 16 trips to downtown Seattle and the University of Washington. Trips would be split between morning and evening service. Routes and trips are to be determined based on ridership demand. Sunday Service. The proposal would add 37 midday trips on Routes 240, 271 and 280 to create 60-minute, all-day service. (This would take place in September 2017.) The proposal would add 11 evening trips to extend Sunday service hours on the Swift Blue Line, and to Routes 105, 109, 113, 130, 196 and 202. (This would take place in March 2018.) DART paratransit expansion Because this service expansion proposal includes service to new areas, as well as expanded hours of bus operations, DART paratransit service would be expanded. DART is available to eligible residents within ¾-miles of a local, non-commuter fixed route during the same hours the bus operates. Public comment on this proposal will be taken through April 7. Comments may be made in several ways: Via email ProposedService@commtrans.org By calling 425-353-7433 (RIDE) Through Facebook.com/communitytransit Via @MyCommTrans on Twitter (Use #CTProposal) By U.S. mail at Community Transit, 7100 Hardeson Rd., Everett, WA 98203 Community Transit staff will be talking to riders about the proposal at park and rides, transit centers, libraries and senior centers within the agency’s service area throughout the month of March. Riders are also encouraged to attend the following informational sessions: Public Meeting: Thursday, March 23, 3–6 p.m. Held in the Weyerhauser Room at Everett Station, 3201 Smith Ave, Everett. Public Hearing: People can offer their comments before the Board of Directors at a public hearing at 3 p.m., Thursday, April 6 in the Community Transit Board Room, 7100 Hardeson Road, Everett, accessible by Everett Transit Route 8. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBlazing Onion Burgers to reopen in late March or early April following kitchen fire Next articleReminder: Sno-King Community Chorale to perform ‘Cantata Memoria’ in Lynnwood March 18 Administrator First and last name must be used for comment to be approved. Cancel reply SUPPORT US when you shop Amazon! We encourage you to shop local first! If you shop at Amazon, please visit there by clicking here. We’ll get a small commission on your purchase(s), which helps support Lynnwood Today. Consider bookmarking this page for your future Amazon purchases. Subscribe to our newsletter -- sent at 4 AM daily! Email Address : Recent Comments Shannon Sessions on Local Rotary Clubs donate 560 pairs of shoes, $1,125 to Clothes for Kids (1) Wow! The Rotary Club of Lynnwood rocks! Great job! What a gift to local, in-need students in the Edmonds School District! – Mar 05, 10:10 PM Kelly Van Horn on Start Times Task Force to recommend 25-minute delay to school day (1) a twenty five minute delay is not enough... if that is the extent of the change being made, then it should be done without any... – Mar 04, 9:12 AM Rosemary Zahnow on Scriber Lake Road now open after Jan. 25 fire (1) Thankfully no one was living in it. Such a shame to lose the entire building. – Mar 04, 9:11 AM Thomas J. Brown on Scene in Lynnwood: Old Country Buffet closes (3) I agree with Stephanie (my wife & I love your store, BTW); the light rail is not the reason why all the businesses are closing... – Mar 01, 3:33 PM Nicola Smith on Neighbors raise crumb rubber concerns at Meadowdale Playfields (2) I have confidence that the project team and ESD will select the most appropriate turf available for the Meadowdale Play Fields. Fact: The 2016 State... – Feb 28, 7:29 PM Older » @lynnwoodtoday 131 Followers Follow A news website covering all things Lynnwood, WA Contact us: lynnwoodtodayeditor@gmail.com Commenting Policy We welcome comments on all posts at Lynnwood Today. To encourage constructive community dialogue, all commenters must use their real names, first and last. Comments from users with names that don't comply with this policy will be removed. Our policy on reproducing content Lynnwood Today is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. © Copyright 2015 - Lynnwood Today Support LynnwoodToday.com by becoming a regular subscriber! Subscribe Now
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Expands Engineering Department with New Hire Orlando, FL (1888PressRelease) March 07, 2017 – A Washington D.C. native, Breuner first came to the central Florida area to attend school at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University where he received his degree in aeronautical engineering in 2014. During his time at Embry-Riddle, Breuner also became a certified Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) drone pilot. According to Breuner, „I’ve always had big interests in aeronautics and 3D technology. It’s an amazing opportunity being able to pursue both of these passions and work in their respective industries.” In September of 2014, after graduating from Embry-Riddle, Breuner accepted a position with ORBCOMM, a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine, Internet of Things and tracking services, to become a Satellite Controller. As a Satellite Controller, Breuner was responsible for maintaining optimal operating parameters throughout various subsystems and ensure individual orbital elements are correct, executing scripts to enhance satellite operations and ensure continuing subsystem uptime, especially for the transmitter and receiver components, and analyzing telemetry logs to find anomalies in satellite operations. Breuner evaluated satellite paths for accuracy and efficiency using Systems Tool Kit (STK). Breuner was also responsible for troubleshooting real-time problems using data logs and archived telemetry to determine the source of the problem and working with the satellite engineers to derive a solution for the problem before returning the satellite to nominal service. After about a year of work at ORBCOMM, Breuner left the company in September of 2015 to take an Assistant Engineer position with aircraft manufacturing powerhouse, Boeing. It was at The Boeing Company where Breuner began working with metrology. As an assistant engineer, he provided engineering support on different systems and interfacing components, devices and or processes. Breuner was also tasked with reviewing, evaluating, and analyzing design interfaces, including 3D CAD models, scan data, documentation, specifications, test plans and procedures. He worked with various 3D technologies, from conducting 3D scans to performing guided presentations of 3D CAD assemblies of facilities for clients and group attendances to participating in 3D printing scale models of industrial facilities. In February 2017, Breuner verbally accepted a position with NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. to work as an Applications Engineer. On March 1st, Breuner began his tenure at NeoMetrix, expanding the company’s workforce of engineers. NeoMetrix Technologies Inc. President and CEO, Dan Perreault, expressed his high anticipations for the new hire, stating „We’re extremely excited to welcome Caleb to NeoMetrix. We believe his previous experience working with metrology will solidify our engineering department and he will undoubtedly add to our company’s success as a leading provider of 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping solutions.” Breuner is settling into his new position nicely this first week, receiving his training on NeoMetrix Technologies’ 3D scanning and 3D printing products and already providing 3D modeling services for clients. When asked about his new job, Breuner provided, „I’m really looking forward to working here at NeoMetrix. The staff here has been great this first week, introducing me to the products and services we provide and getting me trained up on the state of the art technologies we have. I couldn’t be more excited to see what the future holds for me here with NeoMetrix Technologies.” About NeoMetrix: NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. (www.3dscanningservices.net) is a leading provider of solutions for rapid product development throughout the southeastern United States, focusing on 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. NeoMetrix is a value added reseller for SpaceClaim, Creaform and Geomagic Software. NeoMetrix is a licensed distributor of a variety of 3D scanning and printing devices. NeoMetrix also offers engineering consulting and technical services that focus on assisting clients with improving product quality and reducing design cycles. For more information on NeoMetrix Products & Services: • Contact NeoMetrix o admin ( @ ) neometrixtech dot com o (888) 696-7226 • Visit their website o http://3dscanningservices.net NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. is a registered trademark or trademarks of NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. ### CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Arts, Companies, company, Culture, Industry, Internet, satellite, service, Space, staff, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keep All Your Party Woes At Bay With Kitty Bee App Next PostNext Maf opens Mall of Egypt in Cairo, complete with indoor ski slope Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
﻿ SWISS adds capacity on Singapore route with daily Boeing 777 flight - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Tuesday . March 07 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | SWISS adds capacity on Singapore route with daily Boeing 777 flight Zurich, March 7, 2017   Swiss International Airlines (SWISS) has bolstered capacity on its Singapore-Zurich services as it deploys the Boeing 777-300ER on a daily basis between the two cities.   Capacity on the service was already increased last September, when SWISS deployed Boeing 777-300ER in place of Airbus 340-300 aircraft thrice-weekly, a move that has been “very well-received by customers”, according to Heiko Brix, regional director for Lufthansa Group Airlines.     The new Boeing aircraft offers 340 seats – eight in first class, 62 in business class and 270 in economy class. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. Going beyond the 101's 2. Bangladesh's one million dream: a vision impossible? 3. Fallouts from frozen relations 4. Ho Kwon Ping on working with giants 5. Kuala Lumpur up next for citizenM's expansion in Asia 6. Chasing a port of gold 7. The reinvention of tours 8. Focus on technology, enhanced buyer-seller matching at ITB China 9. U-Fly Alliance aims to spread wings beyond North Asia 10. New hotel openings: February 27 - March 3, 2017 Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     The reinvention of tours by Raini Hamdi Chasing a port of gold by Raini Hamdi Bangladesh's one million dream: a vision impossible? by Rohit Kaul Fallouts from frozen relations by Going beyond the 101's by Prudence Lui   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing has soft launch of 737 MAX 10X; woos potential customers Dan Catchpole Mon Mar 6th, 2017 5:40pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. The Boeing Co. did a soft launch Monday of a 737 MAX 10X, a stretched single-aisle aircraft to compete with Airbus’ popular A321neo. Randy Tinseth, vice president of marketing from Boeing Commercial Airplanes, confirmed at the ISTAT Americas conference in San Diego that the company is in talks with several potential customers. “In fact, we’ve already extended business offers to some of those customers,” Tinseth wrote on his company blog, Randy’s Journal, on Monday. If Boeing goes ahead with the 10X, it likely would enter service with airlines around 2020, he said. Speaking at the conference, he said that the airplane could officially launch this year, industry analyst Scott Hamilton reported on his website Leeham News and Comment. It would be the fifth version of 737 MAX, the latest iteration of the 737 family. Boeing is rolling out the 737 MAX 9 on Tuesday at its Renton plant. The 737 MAX 8 first flew in early 2016. Boeing also plans to develop the 737 MAX 7 — the smallest version — and the MAX 200, a high density version of the MAX 8. Hamilton estimates that the A321neo will still have a small advantage in capacity — three more seats in a standard two-class configuration. Tinseth claims that the MAX 10X will have greater range and 5 percent lower operating costs per seat than the A321neo. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Julie Muhlstein Everett native sailing solo around the world Andy Stephens was a young Coast Guard veteran, college student and sailboat… Mar 6th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Snohomish County in dispute with landowner over condemned property LYNNWOOD — A dispute over a road-widening project has left a property… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Bothell’s new high school is modeled on the best in the world BOTHELL — Eric McDowell is a high school principal without students. For… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Monroe families, teachers await building’s test results MONROE — A renovation of Sky Valley Education Center over the summer… Mar 5th, 2017 by Kari Bray Class-action lawsuit filed against Lynnwood’s traffic cameras LYNNWOOD — A Lake Forest Park man has filed a federal class-action… Mar 5th, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * 3d Printing * 3d Scanning * Rapid Prototyping * More Tags... Industry News * Engineering * More Industries... News By Location * Lake Mary   Florida   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Expands Engineering Department with New Hire     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * 3d Printing * 3d Scanning * Rapid Prototyping Industry: * Engineering Location: * Lake Mary - Florida - USLAKE MARY, Fla. - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- This week,NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. announced they have expanded their engineering department with the hiring of Caleb Breuner. A Washington D.C. native, Breuner first came to the central Florida area to attend school at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University where he received his degree in aeronautical engineering in 2014. During his time at Embry-Riddle, Breuner also became a certified Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) drone pilot. According to Breuner, "I've always had big interests in aeronautics and 3D technology. It's an amazing opportunity being able to pursue both of these passions and work in their respective industries." In September of 2014, after graduating from Embry-Riddle, Breuner accepted a position with ORBCOMM, a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine, Internet of Things and tracking services, to become a Satellite Controller. As a Satellite Controller, Breuner was responsible for maintaining optimal operating parameters throughout various subsystems and ensure individual orbital elements are correct, executing scripts to enhance satellite operations and ensure continuing subsystem uptime, especially for the transmitter and receiver components, and analyzing telemetry logs to find anomalies in satellite operations. Breuner evaluated satellite paths for accuracy and efficiency using Systems Tool Kit (STK). Breuner was also responsible for troubleshooting real-time problems using data logs and archived telemetry to determine the source of the problem and working with the satellite engineers to derive a solution for the problem before returning the satellite to nominal service. After about a year of work at ORBCOMM, Breuner left the company in September of 2015 to take an Assistant Engineer position with aircraft manufacturing powerhouse, Boeing. It was at The Boeing Company where Breuner began working with metrology.  As an assistant engineer, he provided engineering support on different systems and interfacing components, devices and or processes. Breuner was also tasked with reviewing, evaluating, and analyzing design interfaces, including 3D CAD models, scan data, documentation, specifications, test plans and procedures. He worked with various 3D technologies, from conducting 3D scans to performing guided presentations of 3D CAD assemblies of facilities for clients and group attendances to participating in 3D printing scale models of industrial facilities. In February 2017, Breuner verbally accepted a position with NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. to work as an Applications Engineer. On March 1st, Breuner began his tenure at NeoMetrix, expanding the company's workforce of engineers. NeoMetrix Technologies Inc. President and CEO, Dan Perreault, expressed his high anticipations for the new hire, stating "We're extremely excited to welcome Caleb to NeoMetrix. We believe his previous experience working with metrology will solidify our engineering department and he will undoubtedly add to our company's success as a leading provider of 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping solutions." Breuner is settling into his new position nicely this first week, receiving his training on NeoMetrix Technologies' 3D scanning and 3D printing products and already providing 3D modeling services for clients. When asked about his new job, Breuner provided, "I'm really looking forward to working here at NeoMetrix. The staff here has been great this first week, introducing me to the products and services we provide and getting me trained up on the state of the art technologies we have. I couldn't be more excited to see what the future holds for me here with NeoMetrix Technologies." About NeoMetrix: NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. (www.3dscanningservices.net) is a leading provider of solutions for rapid product development throughout the southeastern United States, focusing on 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. NeoMetrix is a value added reseller for SpaceClaim, Creaform and Geomagic Software. NeoMetrix is a licensed distributor of a variety of 3D scanning and printing devices. NeoMetrix also offers engineering consulting and technical services that focus on assisting clients with improving product quality and reducing design cycles. For more information on NeoMetrix Products & Services: ·         Contact NeoMetrix o   admin@neometrixtech.com o   (888) 696-7226 ·         Visit their website o   http://3dscanningservices.net  NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. is a registered trademark or trademarks of NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Conor Kavanaugh ***@neometrixtech.com End Source : NeoMetrix Technologies Inc. Email : ***@neometrixtech.com Tags : 3d Printing, 3d Scanning, Rapid Prototyping Industry : Engineering Location : Lake Mary - Florida - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. News NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. to Present on 3D Printing at AmCon Orlando NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Achieves Strategic Reseller Status for Creaform NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Announces Availability of EvixScan 3D's Heavy Duty 3D Scanner Series NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Expands 3D Printer and 3D Scanner Sales in Charlotte, North Carolina NeoMetrix To Conduct 3D Scanning & 3D Printing Workshop in Atlanta Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Commercial Aviation > Boeing Steps Up MAX 10X Market Push You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing Steps Up MAX 10X Market Push Mar 7, 2017 Guy Norris | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing As Boeing continues to refine the configuration of the proposed 737-10X, the company confirms it has begun making firm offers to customers for the final stretch of the MAX family. Unveiling the first image of the -10X at the ISTAT conference in San Diego, California, Boeing Commercial Airplanes sales Vice President Randy Tinseth said the 66-inch stretch variant will have "the lowest seat costs ever for a single-aisle airplane. Simply put, the 737 MAX 10X would be most profitable ... REGISTER FOR FREE ACCESS (Valid Email Required) Register now for free access to "Boeing Steps Up MAX 10X Market Push" and other premium content selected daily by our editors. Your free registration will also allow you to comment on any article posted to Aviationweek.com.   Current magazine subscribers: digital access to articles associated with your subscription are now included at no added charge to you. Simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   REGISTER Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles A320neo And Boeing 737 MAX Spur Market Shifts 32   Boeing Defines Final 737 MAX Stretch Offering 132   Simpler 737-10X, New Midsize Airplane Both ‘Doable’ 91   777X, MOM And New MAX Variants Under Study 62   Boeing Considers Next Midmarket Moves As Airbus Watches 72   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Order Cycle, Yes, But Not for Airbus, Boeing  PW1100G Issues Spur Airbus, Indian Aviation Authority Action  Trump Dumps Iraq From Travel Ban List  Aer Lingus Takes A321LRs Amid Transatlantic Push  Alitalia Poised To Approve Survival Plan  Harris, North Dakota To Create Wide Area BVLOS Network  DOT Assigns MEX, JFK Slots To U.S., Mexican Carriers Jet Crash At UK Air Show Ruled Case Of Pilot Error    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Blue Origin Boss Jeff Bezos Lays Out His Plan for Space Space tourism, orbital manufacturing, and, one day, a colony on the Moon. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 6, 2017 at 6:13PM "It's time for America to go back to the Moon, and this time to stay. We can do it. It's a difficult but worthy objective." -- Amazon.com founder, Blue Origin owner, and The Washington Post savior Jeff Bezos Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos is on a winning streak. Shares of the internet retailer that Bezos founded are up more than 70% off their lows of last February. At the same time, Bezos' pioneering space launch company, Blue Origin, is also doing well. Last June, Blue Origin and Bezos won the prestigious Heinlein Prize for "progress in commercial space activities that advances [the] dream of humanity's future in space." Last week, Bezos picked up another award, this time from Aviation Week, which declared Blue Origin its 60th Annual Space Laureate. At the acceptance dinner for the latter award, Bezos let slip some surprising revelations. In the space of less than 15 minutes, he laid out for Aviation aficionados his latest plans for space exploration -- and I'll bet a lot of what he had to say will surprise you. Here are a few of the highlights. Jeff Bezos dreams of package deliveries to space. Image source: Blue Origin. Humans return to space In the nearest term, Blue Origin's New Shepard suborbital rocket, powered by the liquid hydrogen-liquid oxygen BE-3 engine that it built in-house, is preparing to carry human tourists to the edge of space. Flight safety tests are ongoing, and if the company holds true to its plans, paying passengers could begin visiting space aboard New Shepard as soon as next year. Last year, Blue Origin broke ground on a massive new rocket factory in Florida, which will build the rockets to take them there. ...and to the Moon But Earth orbit is just the beginning. In an "exclusive" report the day of the Aviation Week award, The Washington Post (also owned by Bezos) reported that Bezos wants to create an "Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020." Bezos expanded on the idea at the awards dinner, saying Blue Origin wants to "partner with NASA" on this service, with an eye to eventually establishing a permanent human settlement on the Moon. A white paper on the subject (reviewed by the Post) confirms that this is not an idea that originated at NASA, but rather a project Blue Origin is urging NASA to adopt -- and offering to help out with, and help fund, if NASA is amenable. Getting to the Moon could be done with Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket, now under development. Alternatively, says Bezos, "our architecture can fly on top of SLS" that Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are building for NASA, "or it can fly on top of the [smaller] Atlas 551 and deliver a more modest payload to the surface of the Moon." Either way, Blue Origin believes it can have a "Blue Moon" lander (based on New Shepard's vertical-landing technology) ready and able to begin moon landings as early as July 2020. Incidentally, Bezos argues that such a lunar settlement is a necessary precursor to the manned Mars mission that NASA is planning to conduct circa 2034: "I think that if you go to the Moon first and make the Moon your home, then you can get to Mars more easily." Beyond 2020 And what comes after that? Like his competitor Elon Musk at SpaceX, Bezos believes that reusability "is a key" to commercializing space. As Bezos explains, "The reason that Amazon has succeeded is ... because so many thousands of start-up companies can participate. That's because the cost of [participating in the internet economy] is very low." But now, Bezos wants  to use Blue Origin to do to space exploration what he's already done to package delivery with Amazon. The trouble with space travel, Bezos explains, is that "the cost of admission ... is quite high.... So very few experiments get done." The cost of the fuel needed to reach orbit (or even the Moon) is "trivially small," says Bezos -- about $0.10 per pound, or a few hundred thousand dollars per launch. The real reason space is so expensive, therefore, is that the spacecraft that burns the fuel is an expensive piece of hardware that's thrown away after every mission. Like Musk at SpaceX, Bezos believes that developing reusable spacecraft that can launch and land -- on Earth, on the Moon, or elsewhere -- will permit companies to cut out the cost of expendable spacecraft, and pay mainly for the "trivial" cost of fuel when traveling to space. This will lower the cost of space launches, and permit more start-up companies to launch cheaper things, and experiment with space travel. Made in space And Bezos believes this is essential. Laying out the math, he suggests one take the current energy usage on Earth, and grow it just a few percentage points per year to account for population growth and rising standards of living. In just a few hundred years, says Bezos, the entire land surface of the Earth will need to be covered in solar panels to meet our energy needs. Because this is obviously impractical, Bezos believes that energy-intensive manufacturing will ultimately need to be conducted in space, where resources are abundant and solar power is available 24/7, with no clouds or weather to muck up the process. (NASA may agree. Already, it's cooperating with Made in Space to prototype and test systems for additive manufacturing -- aka 3D printing -- in orbit, including aboard the International Space Station.) Fifty-plus years from now, says Bezos, Earth will be "zoned residential and light industrial," and essentially all of our heavy manufacturing will be done in space. Bezos believes this so-called "Great Inversion" is the future for Mankind. And with New Shepard, New Glenn, and soon Blue Moon, he's helping to make it so. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 6:13PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.93 down $-1.25 (-0.69%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $267.72 down $0.04 (-0.01%) Read More Why Amazon Isn't a Threat to FedEx Corporation or United Parcel Service, Inc. Companies Are Lining Up to Lead the Drone Wars 2 Reasons PACCAR Inc. Stock Is Poised to Pop Stocks Making Moves: Is Arizona Courting Tesla? Amazon's Coming Drone War Will be Won or Lost on Capitol Hill Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Blue Origin Boss Jeff Bezos Lays Out His Plan for Space @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $AMZN, $LMT
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 07, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini F-18, Rafale or Gripen: Indian Navy looks for its next fighter jet india Updated: Mar 07, 2017 13:26 IST Rahul Singh Hindustan Times, New Delhi An F-18 Super Hornet aboard the USS Nimitz.(Rahul Singh/HT File Photo) The Indian Navy has launched a global search for maritime fighter jets it plans to operate from future aircraft carriers and is awaiting response from top military contractors on what they have to offer. The navy wants 57 multi-role carrier-borne fighters (MRCBF) and the potential order could get bigger with an option clause to buy more jets. The hunt for new deck-based fighters comes at a time when the navy is left with just a solitary aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya, following the decommissioning of Viraat on Monday. The navy issued a request for information for the multi-billion dollar MRCBF project in January, giving aircraft manufacturers a four-month deadline to respond. By May, the foreign firms have to answer queries on technical parameters, budgetary estimates, likely level of indigenisation, transfer of technology and schedule of deliveries after a contract is inked. Read more Spotted at Aero India 2017: Manohar Parrikar, Anil Ambani and IAF chief India may ink Rs 32,000-cr deal for building minesweepers next month French, Swedish, Russian and American firms are likely to compete for the project to equip India’s future carriers: Indigenous Aircraft Carrier (IAC)-I or Vikrant being built at Kochi and IAC-2, which is in a conceptual stage. The navy has rejected the naval version of the light combat aircraft. It wants a twin-engine fighter with a stronger airframe and landing gear to operate from a flight deck with high-tempo flying cycles. HT gives you the low-down on the planes that could fly from a future Indian carrier: RAFALE M: French aircraft maker Dassault Aviation will compete for the MRCBF programme with the Rafale M fighter. These fighters are embarked on French Navy’s nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle. File photo of a Rafale multi-role combat aircraft from Dassault Aviation of France taking off at Yelahanka Airforce Station in Bengaluru. (AFP File Photo) India signed a $8.7-billion deal with France last year for 36 Rafale warplanes for the Indian Air Force. Dassault is hoping the IAF order could give it a head start. The firm believes it makes better sense to equip the IAF and the navy with the same platform as it would translate into better logistics, maintenance and industrial support. GRIPEN MARITIME: Swedish aircraft maker Saab will throw its hat into to the ring with its Gripen Maritime fighter. Saab says the maritime fighter has “95% commonality” with the Gripen E. The Swedish firm is closely tracking an IAF programme to build single-engine fighters in the country. Saab says the maritime fighter features all the capabilities of the Gripen E and will come with a highly competitive operational cost per flight hour. Photo of a Gripen Maritime taken from the Saab website. (Saab.com) Low maintenance requirements and high availability for operations make it an ideal solution for the Indian Navy, a Saab spokesperson said. F-18 SUPER HORNET: US defence giant Boeing’s F-18 fighter jet is also expected to be a strong contender for the Indian Navy project. The F-18s operate from American super carriers such as USS Nimitz and USS Ronald Reagan, with the US Navy accounting for a fleet of more than 600 Super Hornets. The American firm is also in discussions with the IAF to set up a production line in the country to build twin-engine fighter planes. The US has offered its electromagnetic aircraft launch system (EMALS) technology and advanced arresting gear for IAC-2 or Vishal. India and the US have formed a joint working group on aircraft carrier technology cooperation.  MiG-29K: Russia will be eyeing the project with the MiG-29 fighter jet, already in service with the Indian Navy. The deck-based fighter operates from INS Vikramaditya, a second-hand carrier bought from Russia. The navy commissioned its first squadron of MiG-29K fighters at Goa in May 2013, ahead of the induction of INS Vikramaditya. It also plans to deploy the fighters on the IAC-1 having placed separate orders for 45 MiG-29K fighters. However, a 2016 report by the Comptroller and Auditor General revealed the MiG-29 fighters are plagued by engine troubles and airframe problems. tags Indian Navy Fighter jet F-18 Rafale Gripen Maritime more from india Haryana budget: Opposition INLD terms it as directionless, disappointing Mar 07, 2017 12:54 IST 18 months on, Bihar yet to receive PM’s Rs 125,000 cr package: RTI reply Mar 07, 2017 12:51 IST It’s time to be a sport, India Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs F-18, Rafale or Gripen: Indian Navy looks for its next fighter jet Mar 07, 2017 13:26 IST Haryana budget: Opposition INLD terms it as directionless, disappointing Mar 07, 2017 12:54 IST 18 months on, Bihar yet to receive PM’s Rs 125,000 cr package: RTI reply Mar 07, 2017 12:51 IST Haryana budget aims to give boost to rural sector Mar 07, 2017 13:02 IST Patidar protesters throw eggs at Amit Shah’s vehicle ahead of PM’s Gujarat tour Mar 07, 2017 13:29 IST Haryana budget: Agriculture and allied sector budget hiked by 19% Mar 07, 2017 13:03 IST Land major hurdle in promoting sustainable energy: Bihar minister Mar 07, 2017 12:24 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates Manipur election: Irom Sharmila up against CM Ibobi Singh in phase-II polls Mar 07, 2017 13:25 IST People have rejected the politics of caste, religion, says Jayant Chaudhary Mar 07, 2017 12:58 IST UP election: 10 reasons why it’s difficult to predict results despite BJP hype Mar 07, 2017 13:15 IST UP elections: Sunwai, vishwas, izzat - the 3 threads in the last leg Mar 07, 2017 09:50 IST Twin villages in Uttar Pradesh adopted by PM Modi seek more attention Mar 07, 2017 07:10 IST Malaysia PM Najib Razak claims North Korea holding citizens ‘hostage’ Mar 07, 2017 13:12 IST In pics: Thai vets remove 915 ‘good luck’ coins from turtle Mar 07, 2017 12:53 IST NASA plans to create ‘coolest spot in universe’ Mar 07, 2017 12:41 IST China to develop satellite-delivery rockets from airplanes Mar 07, 2017 12:29 IST US Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, critics pounce Mar 07, 2017 12:12 IST Australia says no plan for joint South China Sea patrols with Indonesia Mar 07, 2017 12:03 IST Indian-American Congressman calls upon immediate action against hate crimes Mar 07, 2017 11:56 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Three women politicians from Maharashtra receive lewd messages, threats Mar 07, 2017 13:25 IST SAS Nagar men rank highest on obesity scale in tricity Mar 07, 2017 13:18 IST People have rejected the politics of caste, religion, says Jayant Chaudhary Mar 07, 2017 12:58 IST HSC Maths and Stats question papers leak, two students held in Mumbai Mar 07, 2017 12:52 IST Land major hurdle in promoting sustainable energy: Bihar minister Mar 07, 2017 12:24 IST ‘Arms supplier’ held in Delhi, 15 automatic pistols recovered Mar 07, 2017 12:25 IST Development Plan: Final step for BMC will be giant step for Mumbai  Mar 07, 2017 12:18 IST 229 govt doctors in Rajasthan ‘missing’ Mar 07, 2017 12:07 IST Rejected by girl, teenager attacks her with a blade in Mumbai Mar 07, 2017 12:05 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Maneka’s ‘hormonal outbursts’ comment is peculiar and regressive Mar 07, 2017 12:32 IST Women’s Day: Stop the tokenism and think of lasting ways of empowering them Mar 07, 2017 12:01 IST UP election: 10 reasons why it’s difficult to predict results despite BJP hype Mar 07, 2017 13:15 IST Whoever wins UP should demolish it . Mar 07, 2017 12:29 IST Why the State is wrong in linking Aadhaar to the mid-day meal scheme Mar 06, 2017 22:13 IST OPPO to replace STAR India as India cricket team sponsor Mar 07, 2017 13:26 IST Josh Hazlewood’s career-best 6/67 breaks India’s fightback in Bangalore Test Mar 07, 2017 12:43 IST ‘Red card’ for cricket players! Football style rule soon in game, confirms MCC Mar 07, 2017 12:04 IST Cheteshwar Pujara scores 92, India set 188 as target for Australia in Bangalore Mar 07, 2017 11:57 IST Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 1st Test, Galle, Day 1: Live cricket score Mar 07, 2017 10:40 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa OPPO to replace STAR India as India cricket team sponsor Mar 07, 2017 13:26 IST Why tennis is no longer the number one priority for Novak Djokovic Mar 07, 2017 13:22 IST UEFA Champions League: FC Barcelona gear up for ‘miracle’ mission against PSG Mar 07, 2017 13:00 IST Josh Hazlewood’s career-best 6/67 breaks India’s fightback in Bangalore Test Mar 07, 2017 12:43 IST ‘Red card’ for cricket players! Football style rule soon in game, confirms MCC Mar 07, 2017 12:04 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Maanagaram movie review: A shocking night of clashing lives in Chennai Mar 07, 2017 13:13 IST Imtiaz Ali’s Shah Rukh Khan-Anushka Sharma-starrer sold for Rs 125 crore? Mar 07, 2017 12:51 IST Maanagaram: Was a challenge to showcase Chennai differently, says director Mar 07, 2017 12:02 IST Netflix inks pact with Airtel, Vodafone, Videocon d2h; bets on local content Mar 07, 2017 12:02 IST Don’t just freeze. Act, react and ‘kohni maar’ in self defense: Taapsee and Akshay... Mar 07, 2017 12:09 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Most Indian women remember their first travel more vividly than their first kiss Mar 07, 2017 12:48 IST Should students use trollies instead of schoolbags? This is what researchers th... Mar 07, 2017 13:06 IST Training for marathon? Here’s all you need to know to boost your nutrition leve... Mar 07, 2017 11:24 IST Meet the Class 10 student who developed a device to predict ‘silent’ heart atta... Mar 07, 2017 10:08 IST Think your marriage is perfect and unbreakable? Beware of these 11 bad habits Mar 07, 2017 08:48 IST NASA plans to create ‘coolest spot in universe’ Mar 07, 2017 12:41 IST Netflix inks pact with Airtel, Vodafone, Videocon d2h; bets on local content Mar 07, 2017 12:02 IST Google vows fix for ‘inappropriate’ search results Mar 07, 2017 11:35 IST Volkswagen showcases self-driving car ‘Sedric’ after diesel emissions scandal Mar 07, 2017 11:12 IST Google lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Now a 32 GB variant of iPhone 6 is going cheaper than a 16 GB version on Amazon  Mar 06, 2017 16:20 IST Greyball: How Uber uses secret software to steer drivers away from trouble Mar 07, 2017 10:20 IST HSC Maths and Stats question papers leak, two students held in Mumbai Mar 07, 2017 12:52 IST IISc listed among world’s best small universities Mar 07, 2017 08:26 IST Stephens to offer Political Science as DU adds new courses this academic year Mar 07, 2017 12:58 IST CBSE schools will have to declare complete fee structure on website Mar 07, 2017 06:59 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017: Here’s your guide to cracking the exam Mar 06, 2017 23:22 IST Let the Holi festivities begin! Mar 07, 2017 11:54 IST After 29 years in service, INS Viraat decommissioned Mar 07, 2017 01:35 IST Jaipur’s own queer parade: ‘Gulabi’ adds colour to... Mar 06, 2017 15:21 IST INS Viraat through the ages Mar 06, 2017 09:05 IST Pictorial overview of UP elections Mar 05, 2017 14:50 IST Candlelight protest in Bengaluru against Kansas killing Mar 07, 2017 10:56 IST Akhilesh questions “Bahut ho gayi Mann ki Baat, kab karoge kaam ki baat” Mar 06, 2017 19:25 IST PM Modi pays tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri at his memorial Mar 06, 2017 16:03 IST This 360 feet tricolour is so tall that it can be seen from Pakistan Mar 06, 2017 15:14 IST 17-year-old dies as Mercedes-Benz rams scooter Mar 06, 2017 12:13 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
/ Agile Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: Agile, Lean, Patterns: Whats Next? DZone's Guide to Agile, Lean, Patterns: Whats Next? Everyone in software development right now seems to be trending toward Agile, but is Agile the end-all-be-all, or is there something new coming down the pipeline? by Allan Kelly · Mar. 07, 17 · Agile Zone Free Resource Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Reduce testing time & get feedback faster through automation. Read the Benefits of Parallel Testing, brought to you in partnership with Sauce Labs. A question from a LinkedIn follower, I thought I’d share my answer with readers: Hey Allan, I'm giving this a shot reaching out to you. I recently was exposed to agile in the workplace (I am in a field now that I did not study) and am learning more about the process. My company introduced it to me. I have found a couple notes pulling it back to you with your experience. My questions are: - What do you think is next after Agile? - Where should I start with learning about this? And do you have any advice for me? I am just now being exposed to software/electronic development and this process and would like to be able to contribute to our company. So first things first: great you have set about reading up on it yourself! Ultimately, Agile is all about learning and taking it on yourself to learn more about it. So having already started this process is a great first move - you will go far! What is next after Agile? - Cynical me thinks that people who ask that question are hoping Agile will go away or are looking to leapfrog it to the next thing. When posed inside a company I wonder if it is a form of resistance or obfuscation. Still, I do think “what next” myself sometimes. At a day-to-day level, the next thing is already here, Continuous Delivery; although for those of us who started with Extreme Programming (XP) this is very much “back to the future.” What is next after Agile? - That is a question that has been asked many times in the last few years. I’ve taken a stab at it myself over the years - like my “Future of Agile” presentation from 2009. In retrospect, that presentation was both right and wrong on two counts. It was right because it has become clearer and clearer over the years that Agile is Lean, Agile Software Development was our Lean revolution. Over time Agile has absorbed more and more Lean ideas. The presentation was wrong on the first count because Lean has not, and I think will not, displace Agile. The Kanban insurrection has done a great deal in breaking the Scrum hegemony, but Agile is here to stay - albeit infused with more and more Lean. (Take my own Xanpan for example.) More significantly I was wrong because the thing that comes after Agile is not a replacement for Agile, rather it builds on Agile, Agile is building block - or as I put it a couple of weeks ago, Agile was the midwife. Consider Toyota, they have been “lean” for decades, what came after “lean” for Toyota? It isn’t “Lean 2.0” or “Super Lean.” Lean enables them to do things like the Prius. Lean allows Toyota to pursue their strategy, Lean allows Toyota to produce almost as many cars as VW with half the workers. Increasingly, I don’t even think Agile has even replaced “Waterfall” (aka “Traditional”) software development. Big corporations still largely practice a form of Waterfall with an Agile vinaigrette dressing. I don’t like it, it drives me nuts, but fundamentally the vast majority of large corporations that exist today are incapable of pure Agile because they have been built for a different world. That doesn’t mean they can’t borrow some things from Agile, it doesn’t mean Agile techniques can’t help them be better than they are, but it does mean they will never truly be Agile. But then, it is wrong to say every company must be truly Agile or be truly Agile in the same way (for those Agile folk who can stand the madness there is good money in selling unsafe fast cars to the middle aged). But what does this mean for the future? Well, traditional incumbents are increasingly vulnerable from Agile disruptors - companies which challenge them with new products and services which are only possible when technology is built in an Agile fashion. And that is what comes next: Agile Disruption. Only we don’t call it Agile Disruption, it's called Digital. This is happening now - our technologies are making all sorts of new business opportunities possible, but exploiting those opportunities are only available to the Agile company. Only with an Agile process can firms truly harness the power of modern tools like Amazon Web Services, Ruby, and Clojure, etc. etc. Processes designed in 1970 are a poor fit for 2016 tools and technologies. It's a bit like an airline using the operating processes it had for DC-3s when they introduced Boeing 777s. As computers get more powerful the opportunities they can address are greater; if a company can turn those opportunities into money they have a business. To understand this you have to consider Moore’s Law: Computing power doubles every two years. The computers of today can address problems twice as complex as those two years ago. The computers of today can address problems four times more complex than four years ago, eight times more complex than six years ago, and 16 times more complex than eight years ago. To put it another way, the next increment of Moore’s Law will increase computer power by more than all the previous increments added together. Do you get the picture? I was recently inside a large bank. It takes them over a year to get a new idea into production. If I recall correctly, 27 months is more normal - that is over two years. In other words, processing power has doubled in the time it takes the bank to get out of bed. So Agile isn’t going away, but the focus will be elsewhere. This is playing out in a number of ways. Right now being Agile is table stakes. Continuous delivery is cutting edge, but will soon be the minimum required. If you are competing with Amazon it already is, if you aren’t competing with Amazon today just hope they aren’t eyeing your market. The discussion of “digital business” is the obvious one. Another is the rise of the#NoProjects/#ProjectLess movement I’m closely associated with. Underpinning both of those is continuous delivery. Which means if you want to know more about what happens next: Start keeping your eyes open for anything to do with digital business - most of it is rubbish but among the noise, there is some good thinking. Read #NoProjects/#ProjectsLess. Learn about Continuous Delivery. A word of warning here: I’m guessing you work in a more traditional company. As you open your mind to all of this you are likely to make yourself unpopular with your colleagues as you try to implement these ideas and warn them. Unfortunately, most existing companies have a Mayor of Rotterdam problem. The Agile Zone is brought to you in partnership with Sauce Labs. Discover how to optimize your DevOps workflows with our cloud-based automated testing infrastructure. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Agile Kanban Waterfall! What? Agile, Lean, Patterns: Every Project is Test Driven in the End 7 Powerful Ways QA Helps you Release Software Faster Free DZone Refcard Scrum DOWNLOAD Topics: agile ,delivery team ,kanban ,waterfall Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Allan Kelly, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Agile Partner Resources The Why, Where, and How of Service Virtualization Adoption CA Technologies 7 Keys to Making CI Effective in Any Size Organization Sauce Labs A Containerized Testing Strategy Sauce Labs Case Study - See How Zillow Reduced Testing Time by 90% Sauce Labs Next-Gen Performance Testing with Service Virtualization and APM CA Technologies Run, don't walk to an automated approach to transforming API testing CA Technologies Get the Facts: Scaling Agile Within the Enterprise Techtown Training Characteristics of a Great Scrum Team Scrum.org What DevOps Means For Your Role Techtown Training How the Nexus Framework Helps to Overcome Agile and Scrum Scaling Challenges Scrum.org The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Christy Gren , March 7, 2017 Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Carrie Ann , March 4, 2017 Uber Secret Program accused of Deceiving Law Enforcement Officers Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Carrie Ann , March 7, 2017 Shepherd Therapeutics aims to Develop Therapies for Rare Cancers Christy Gren , March 7, 2017 Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Anna Domanska , February 6, 2017 Productivity Apps That Are Worth Exploring Anna Domanska , January 24, 2017 Dear Aspiring Leader, ‘Quit today or Give up Forever’ Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Anna Domanska , March 3, 2017 Two Big Questions About Snapchat IPO Carrie Ann , January 17, 2017 First Facebook Startup Incubator to be Launched in Paris Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Shepherd Therapeutics aims to Develop Therapies for Rare Cancers Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Uber Secret Program accused of Deceiving Law Enforcement Officers The ‘Impossible Burger’ that People Are Waiting In Lines For Two Big Questions About Snapchat IPO Are We Ready For The Fourth Industrial Revolution? Home NEWS Autos Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Autos Innovation NEWS Technology SHARE Christy Gren , March 7, 2017 / 73 0 Ford has announced today that it will be the first automobile company to test new techniques of 3-D printing for building car parts. This printer can build car parts of any shape and size. Ford has said that this experiment with ‘Stratasys Infinite Build’ 3-D printer will help the company to make car parts which will be cost-effective and light-weight compared to their metal counterparts. This room-sized 3-D printer is currently at Ford’s Dearborn Research and Innovation Center, in Michigan. As of now, Ford plans to use the printer on vehicles that are low-volume. 3-D printing by Ford – A New Progress in Automobile Industry In a News Release, Ford stated that the use of a 3-D printer which is capable of manufacturing parts of unlimited shapes and sizes can be a breakthrough for vehicle manufacturing. Out of the two new industrial machines announced in the last fall, Ford has started testing the Stratasys Infinite Build 3-D printer. This printer also uses materials like carbon fiber to build objects that are strong yet light in weight. Reports suggest that a 3-D printed part could weigh less than half the weight of its metal counterpart. The automaker also stated that the increasingly affordable and efficient 3-D printing can benefit the company and its customers, both. The 3-D printing technology can provide a cost-effective way to produce prototype parts, tools or components at low volumes like personalized car parts or Ford Performance vehicles. Ford’s Efficient and Cost-effective approach via 3-D Printing The Stratasys Infinite Build 3-D printer was initially designed to tether to the requirements of automotive and aerospace industries. It was designed with the ability to build various parts with the help of mechanical properties. In the aerospace industry, Boeing is testing the printer for the production of low-volume and light-weight parts of its industry. The printer notably uses a horizontal build platform in place of the traditional vertical platform for creating printed objects. On a positive note, using a horizontal platform the 3-D printer can build objects sideways. Ford’s technical leader, Ellen Lee stated that this system gives them the capacity to make much larger parts and also gain much lighter assembly. Noticeably, the parts that are lighter in weight can also help in improving the fuel efficiency. This makes the production cost-effective along with being the efficient option. The 3-D printer takes a digital design and prints one layer of plastic at a time. As the printing time depends on the size of the part, some objects could take days to get printed. Hence, it can be said that 3-D printing is not a fast method to opt for high-volume manufacturing. But its role in the production of low-volume and personalized components can become significant. 3-D printing in Pilot Base by Ford The concept and testing of 3-D printing automobile parts are still in a pilot base by the Michigan automaker company. But if things go well in the positive direction, Ford could bring a major change in its car manufacturing systems. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: 3D printing, auto industry, new technology Next Article Shepherd Therapeutics aims to Develop Therapies for Rare Cancers Previous Article Uber Secret Program accused of Deceiving Law Enforcement Officers Similar Articles Christy Gren, July 15, 2016 Ford Experimenting with Collaborative Robots to Build Fiestas in Germany Carrie Ann, January 3, 2012 Over 70 Kmart, Sears Closings to Take Place Dhwani Shah, March 16, 2012 Brand Promotion with Online Business Magazine Related Posts Facebook Buys Oculus, Virtual Reality Gaming Startup, For $2 Billion American Dream Not Attainable, Say CNNMoney Poll Respondents Intel-owned Basis announces 'Peak' Fitness and Sleep Tracker at $199 The unique EO Smart Connecting Car 2 can shrink and drive sideways to park in any tiny space Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Events, Bigger Gains The 'Apple' Moneyball Young Guns The Twenty Something Silicon Valley Money Makers Green Revolution Better Design for Waste Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,244 Followers 16,313 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,244 Followers 16,313 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Shepherd Therapeutics aims to Develop Therapies for Rare Cancers Carrie Ann , March 7, 2017 Ford tests 3-D Printing for Cost-effective Manufacturing of Car Parts Christy Gren , March 7, 2017 Uber Secret Program accused of Deceiving Law Enforcement Officers Carrie Ann , March 4, 2017 The ‘Impossible Burger’ that People Are Waiting In Lines For Anna Domanska , March 3, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Events, Bigger Gains The ‘Apple’ Moneyball Young Guns The Twenty Something Silicon Valley Money Makers Green Revolution: Better Design for Waste Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Their View: The Caterpillar raid Monday Mar 6, 2017 at 8:00 PM Mar 6, 2017 at 8:48 PM For a second there Thursday it seemed the moving vans had come early to Caterpillar's global headquarters in downtown Peoria following the January shocker that the company's top brass would be relocating to the Chicago area. On closer inspection, unfortunately, the vehicles were occupied by federal agents — from the IRS, etc. — swarming on 100 NE Adams St. to remove a few items, all right: specifically documents and electronic records listed on a federal search warrant as part of a criminal investigation into allegations of tax evasion. Agents also descended on facilities in East Peoria and Morton. You don't see that every day with a Fortune 100 company, and we can't recall ever witnessing it locally. Ironically, the raid comes just one week after the president met with Cat Chairman Doug Oberhelman and professed his admiration for this "great company ... I love Caterpillar." The company has long been a White House darling, hosting George W. Bush here in 2007 and Barack Obama in 2009, with another visit seemingly in the works with the new president. His Justice Department didn't wait for an invitation. The raid sought evidence regarding allegations brought to light eight years ago in a lawsuit filed by a former employee, Daniel Schlicksup, who argued that he had been wrongfully demoted for blowing a whistle on the practice of shifting profits to a subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland from parts he said were actually sold and shipped out of the Morton facility, ostensibly to avoid U.S. taxes estimated at some $2.4 billion in this case. Cat would later settle with Schlicksup, but not before drawing the attention of the IRS, the U.S. Senate and some shareholders who sued, as well. Caterpillar has consistently maintained its innocence and continued to last week, with CEO Jim Umpleby citing its cooperation with the investigation but saying, "We are Caterpillar. We are an honorable company ... We conduct our business within the framework of applicable laws and regulations." We'd like to give Cat the benefit of the doubt. In a nation that imposes one of the highest corporate rates in the industrialized world at 35 percent, it has hardly been the poster child for going out of its way to dodge its taxes — see the likes of General Electric, Boeing, etc. for that distinction. Meanwhile, Congress has dragged its feet on reforming an outdated tax code that arguably hampers U.S. competitiveness. Given that, it is not unfair to ask: Why Cat? Why now? These issues go back to the beginning of this century, spanning four CEOs. Has something changed? We don't have that answer. Certainly we've noticed that Caterpillar has been getting it from all sides of late. The SEC is looking into its 2011 purchase of the mining company Bucyrus as well as sales of equipment to nations considered sponsors of terrorism by our State Department, specifically Syria and Sudan. An investment group critical of Caterpillar executive compensation is seeking greater shareholder protections against "fraudulent behavior" by managers. Indeed, Cat's stock price, which has been up despite its staggering sales declines, took a hit in response to this news. In 2015, the company was found guilty by a federal jury of stealing trade secrets from a British supplier and hit with a sizeable penalty, which it has appealed. The warrants seemed to hint at searches beyond just the tax questions. Caterpillar still employs some 12,000 people in the Peoria area. We'd like to see it stay that way, and we won't hide our concern that this latest development likely doesn't help. As we've written before, we not only want the company that has been so synonymous with Peoria to do good, but to be good. Let's see where this goes. — GateHouse Media news service. This editorial first appeared in the Peoria Journal Star. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Brinkmann on Business Covering the business landscape in Central Florida Business Paul Brinkmann on Business Lockheed keeps landing work on F-35 systems What is the F-35 fighter jet program? The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. Paul BrinkmannContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Lockheed Martin’s Orlando operations have won some new contract work on its programs related to the F-35, which was targeted in critical tweets by President Donald Trump soon after he was elected. The biggest, announced Monday, was for $20.6 million, with 10 percent of work performed in Orlando. Also, on Friday a contract for $11.7 million for test and evaluation support efforts for the jet fighter aircraft for the Air Force and Navy, and international partner countries, with five percent of that work coming to Orlando. Lockheed employs about 7,000 people in Orlando. The F-35's electro-optical targeting system is engineered in Orlando at the Missiles and Fire Control plant on Sand Lake Road, and the company's Orlando simulation and training division also has an ongoing $122 million deal to build other key support equipment for the much-criticized next-generation stealth fighter. Trump tweeted in December that "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" In February, CNN reported that the defense giant agreed to sell 90 new F-35 fighter jets to the US Defense Department for $8.5 billion -- a deal that amounts to more than $700 million in savings over the last batch of aircraft delivered. The company credited Trump with driving down the cost through negotiation. Contact me with a business news tip at pbrinkmann@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5660; Twitter is @PaulBrinkmann Caption Analysts predict Snap stock will plunge Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Caption Analysts predict Snap stock will plunge Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Caption The problems of Uber In a statement to Uber employees, Kalanick apologized and said he intends to seek leadership help. (March 1, 2017) In a statement to Uber employees, Kalanick apologized and said he intends to seek leadership help. (March 1, 2017) Caption Hhgregg closing 88 stores, including six in Illinois Hhgregg will close 40% of its stores and leave 12 Illinois locations open as it works to stem the red ink and turn around slow sales. Hhgregg will close 40% of its stores and leave 12 Illinois locations open as it works to stem the red ink and turn around slow sales. Caption Wisconsin’s Irish butter ban The law requires butter sold in Wisconsin to be graded through a federal or state system. (March 2, 2017) The law requires butter sold in Wisconsin to be graded through a federal or state system. (March 2, 2017) Caption I-Drive developer discusses future of Artegon Marketplace AMP Group's Alejandro Pezzini talks about how a new project at the Artegon Marketplace spot could transform North International Drive.  AMP Group's Alejandro Pezzini talks about how a new project at the Artegon Marketplace spot could transform North International Drive.  Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Lockheed Martin Corp. In blow to U.S., federal court rules the Snuggie is a blanket Pictures: Groundbreaking ceremony for phase two of Dr. Phillips Center Cost-cutting claims hhgregg Orlando store by Florida Mall All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 61°
LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Why Planes Don’t Fly Any Faster Than They Did in the 1960s Share Shaunacy Ferro filed under: travel image credit: iStock Like us on Facebook The airplane experience has changed a lot since the 1960s, when tickets could cost up to five times more than today's prices, passengers could smoke on the plane and have as much booze as they could drink. Now, we have budget fares, tiny seats, and baggage fees. But one aspect of air travel hasn’t changed much over the last few decades: how fast the plane goes. We’re still flying at the same speeds we did back before man had made it to the moon. Despite upgrades in aviation technology, airplanes fly around the same speeds as they did 50 years ago, according to the explainers Wendover Productions (who have previously covered how budget airlines keep prices low). Flights are scheduled to take longer, though, thanks to the congestion of planes getting in and out of airports, meaning that we actually spend more time flying the same routes. Like most terrible things about flying, the lack of speed has to do with the airlines' bottom lines. One reason is that the speeds we were flying in the ‘60s are still the most efficient for the engines we use. Commercial aircraft are typically powered by turbofan engines, which are most efficient at speeds of 400 to 620 miles per hour. Military aircraft can go much faster with turbojet engines—more than 1500 miles per hour in some cases—but that takes an incredible amount of fuel. The Concorde aircraft could reach speeds of 1300 miles per hour at cruise altitude, but it used 46.85 pounds of fuel for every mile flown and could seat only 100 passengers. Boeing’s new 787 Dreamliner, which has a cruise speed of 648 miles per hour, uses only 18.7 pounds of fuel per mile and can seat 291 passengers. The speed just wasn’t worth it for airlines, and the Concorde was retired in 2003. Dive into the world of airplane engines in the video below: March 06, 2017 - 06:30pm Share Shaunacy Ferro Shaunacy Ferro is a senior staff writer for MentalFloss.com. Her work has previously appeared in Fast Company, Popular Science, and Architect magazine, among others. She lives in Brooklyn and spends most of her free time taking photos of her cat. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. POPULAR ON mental_floss 31 Adorable Slang Terms for Sex From the Last 600 Years What Goes in the Empty Box? 11 Actors Who Asked for Their Characters to Be Killed Off POPULAR ON mental_floss The Best Breakfast Spot in All 50 States There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed The U.S. Map Redrawn as 50 States With Equal Population POPULAR ON mental_floss A Simple Trick for Finding Out Who Unfollowed You on Facebook What's the Purpose of the Diamond on the Front of Backpacks? Study: The First Americans Didn't Arrive by the Bering Land Bridge POPULAR ON mental_floss Melting Glaciers in Italy Reveal a Shocking Surprise: Century-Old Corpses The Terrifying Subliminal Image Hidden in The Exorcist Fans Find Bizarre Friends/Home Alone Connection POPULAR ON mental_floss The 1956 Magic Trick That Sent BBC Viewers Into a Panic Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? 25 Words That Are Their Own Opposites POPULAR ON mental_floss Opening Your Car Door Like the Dutch Do Can Save Cyclists' Lives Fast Food Chicken Isn't 100% Chicken (Or Even Close), Investigation Finds 6 Times the Wrong Winner Was Announced NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
