Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Profitable Is SpaceX, Really? Documents prove that, even when SpaceX is making money, it's not making a whole lot of money. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 5, 2017 at 10:13AM Last year, prior to the big SpaceXplosion -- which kind of knocked SpaceX off the rails -- we spent a lot of time digging into SpaceX's finances. We asked: How does SpaceX make money? And we answered the question: "How profitable is SpaceX" when it makes all that money? Much of this was based on educated guesswork, however, as we extrapolated what we knew about the finances at SpaceX rivals Boeing (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA), and Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY), and applied it to what we thought that might mean for SpaceX's own finances. It would have been a whole lot easier to just take a good hard look at SpaceX's own financial documents, and get the answers straight from the source. Lucky for us -- and for you -- The Wall Street Journal just did that. Here's your first look at SpaceX's CRS-8-mission rocket -- before it becomes the first "reused" orbital rocket in history. Now let's take a look at SpaceX's finances. Image source: SpaceX. In a detailed, multi-page expose, the Journal revealed last month that it has come into possession of a treasure trove of internal financial documents from SpaceX. Combined with interviews of ex-SpaceX staff, the Journal was able to put together a pretty good picture of SpaceX's finances. It isn't a pretty picture. Here's what we know. Wall Street Journal spills the beans on SpaceX SpaceX likes to portray itself as a growing rival to space incumbents such as Boeing and Lockheed, Airbus and Orbital ATK. But in fact, SpaceX's revenue growth halted -- temporarily, we hope -- in 2014. Two failed space launches in the past two years curtailed launch activity at the space start-up, with the result that revenue actually peaked in 2014, at roughly $1 billion. SpaceX's sales then declined to just $945 million in 2015, when the company conducted only six launches. (Revenue may have grown again in 2016, or it may not have. The documents the Journal obtained apparently didn't extend into 2016.) What the documents do show, though -- and show quite clearly -- is that no matter how much revenue SpaceX records, it's not earning much profit from that revenue. Dissecting SpaceX's finances As revealed in the Journal's report, SpaceX turned just a small fraction of its $1 billion in 2014 launch revenue into operating profit -- much less net profit. The numbers aren't entirely clear from the Journal's chart, but appear to show SpaceX earning an operating profit of perhaps 0.2% on $1 billion in revenue -- profitability far below the 10%-ish profit margin that Boeing earns on its space operations, or the 12.6% operating profit margin at Lockheed Martin. That bleak situation got even worse in 2015 when a small reduction in launch revenue sufficed to push SpaceX deeply into the red, and forced the company to record a $260 million loss on $945 million in revenue. What SpaceX hopes to earn SpaceX's successful return to space last month holds forth the promise that things will improve in 2017. Prior to the September SpaceXplosion, documents show that SpaceX was targeting $1.8 billion in launch revenue in 2016, and aiming to earn $55 million in profit thereon. While it probably didn't get there in 2016, there's still a chance that it could succeed in 2017 -- and achieve a 3% operating profit margin. And that's your answer right there: Currently, all indications suggest that SpaceX is not profitable, but losing money. Only if things go well, and SpaceX regains its footing in 2017, can we hope that the company will achieve positive operating profit margins of 3%. Even if SpaceX succeeds at this, though, it would still be earning only roughly half the 5.7% operating margin that Airbus earns at its "Defence and Space" business (as reported by S&P Global Market Intelligence). SpaceX's targeted $55 million profit would also be a small fraction of the $400 million in annual profit that the Boeing and Lockheed joint venture ULA earns. On the other hand, SpaceX would eclipse the break-even profits at Airbus' dedicated space launch subsidiary, Arianespace -- and SpaceX could grow its profit margins in the future if its plans to begin reusing relanded rockets, at lower cost than using "expendable" rockets, pan out. SpaceX 2.0: A New Hope So what's the upshot for SpaceX for investors who hope to one day invest in its IPO, and for investors who already, today, own a piece of SpaceX through their investment in Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock? Simply put, the documents the Journal unearthed show that SpaceX is not nearly as profitable an operation as we once believed it to be..  There's also a corollary conclusion, though, that affects investors in the space industry in general. Lacking substantial profits from its launch business, SpaceX is going to have a very hard time financing a trip to Mars -- a voyage it hopes to make as early as next year -- and a voyage that could inspire a whole host of other companies to accelerate their own races to space. How does SpaceX plan to fund its first trip to Mars in 2018 and the dozens of follow-up trips it hopes to make in the years and decades to follow? Tune back in next week for the answer. (But here's a hint: It will involve satellites.) Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Rich Smith owns shares of Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares). The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 5, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $834.85 up $4.79 (0.58%) Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $89.07 up $1.44 (1.64%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $813.67 up $4.11 (0.51%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Profitable Is SpaceX, Really? @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $BA, $LMT, $OA, $EADSY, $GOOG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tradition Capital Management LLC decreased its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 43,956 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 2,195 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 2.0% of Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $5,790,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the period. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 74.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average of $143.18. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.60 EPS. Boeing Company (The)’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/tradition-capital-management-llc-sells-2195-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on BA. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price target (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. TheStreet downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In other Boeing Company (The) news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock worth $17,147,342 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tradition Capital Management LLC decreased its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 43,956 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 2,195 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 2.0% of Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $5,790,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the period. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 74.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average of $143.18. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.60 EPS. Boeing Company (The)’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/tradition-capital-management-llc-sells-2195-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on BA. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price target (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. TheStreet downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In other Boeing Company (The) news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock worth $17,147,342 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Moody National Bank Trust Division Reduces Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Moody National Bank Trust Division cut its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 1.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 15,855 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 225 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 0.1% of Moody National Bank Trust Division’s holdings, making the stock its 24th largest position. Moody National Bank Trust Division’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $2,089,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. 74.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $159.60 and its 200-day moving average is $143.18. The firm has a market capitalization of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $170.00. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.60 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.50%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/moody-national-bank-trust-division-reduces-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Argus upped their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Saturday, October 8th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 target price on the stock. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Deborah Knutson (second from left), who died in December, was leader of the Snohomish County Economic Development Council when she visited the future site of the Brightwater sewage facility near Woodinville in 2003. Also pictured (from left) are King County’s Christie True, then-King County Executive Ron Sims and Mike Sells, now a member of the state House of Representatives. A scholarship fund in Knutson’s honor has been established through Leadership Snohomish County. (Dan Bates / Herald Photo) Longtime leader Deborah Knutson’s legacy will live on Julie Muhlstein Wed Feb 1st, 2017 8:54am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Deborah Knutson, who headed the Snohomish County Economic Development Council for a dozen years, was both driven and big-hearted. She was part of the effort to keep Boeing’s 787 assembly in Everett, yet she didn’t seek the limelight. It was 2010 when she stepped down as president and CEO of the agency that later evolved into Economic Alliance Snohomish County. On Dec. 30, the 62-year-old Knutson lost her battle with multiple system atrophy, a rare neurological disorder with symptoms like those of Parkinson’s disease. “She was one of those people who had the power, the connections, but there was nothing pretentious about Deborah,” said Matt Smith, director of industry and resource development with Economic Alliance Snohomish County. “Part of her leadership ability was reflected in her personal relationships with people.” Knutson’s legacy will live on through a new scholarship fund established by Leadership Snohomish County. That nonprofit group works to develop new leaders with its nine-month program of classes. Through annual Signature and Young Professionals classes, participants spend one work day per month learning about different aspects of the county, including law and justice, arts and culture, and human services. Smith spoke about the Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund during Knutson’s memorial service, which was Saturday at the University Congregational United Church of Christ in Seattle. Knutson, who lived in Seattle, is survived by her husband, Michael Williams; daughter, Erin Williams; and son, Garret Williams. As of late Monday, $2,050 had been donated to the fund, said Kathy Coffey, Leadership Snohomish County’s executive director. Tuition is about $3,000 for one person to attend the Signature program. Leadership Snohomish County is now accepting nominations for its 2017-18 program, the group’s 20th season. Coffey said mentoring is key to developing new local leaders. Nicole Faghin, Knutson’s longtime friend, is a former member of the Leadership Snohomish County board. It was Faghin’s idea to start the fund, which will pay for one woman to attend Leadership Snohomish County classes each year. “Deborah was a role model for other women,” said Faghin, 59, an environmental planner and lawyer with Washington Sea Grant. “I was really proud to know her, proud to be her friend,” the Edmonds woman said. Along with honoring her friend’s memory, Faghin said the fund will address what she sees as a lack of women in local leadership roles. “I would talk to her about how important she had been to me as a role model,” Faghin said. “I wanted to see a legacy for her that represents being a woman leader in Snohomish County.” Coffey said the scholarship recipient will join a Leadership Snohomish County class in September. A $20,000 grant from the Women’s Funding Alliance recently helped Leadership Snohomish County examine barriers to female leadership. One goal is for more women to serve on local boards, Coffey said. “It’s beginning to change in Snohomish County,” she said. Before Knutson’s tenure with the Economic Development Council ended, she said her most memorable accomplishment was being part of a team that pushed the Boeing Co. to assemble the 787 Dreamliner in Everett. The state offered Boeing more than $3 billion in incentives during that process. “It was a true honor being part of the project, from site selection to first flight,” Knutson told The Herald in 2010. “It was a statewide and regional effort,” Smith said Monday. “Being a cheerleader for Boeing, and what it means for Snohomish County, that was Deborah.” Knutson’s daughter is proud to see her mother’s efforts honored. “It wasn’t until I was in college that I understood what she was doing with Boeing and aerospace,” said Erin Williams, 31, of Seattle. Her mother was diagnosed with multiple system atrophy in 2012, but had started suffering symptoms several years earlier. Williams said she has run a marathon and joined in the STP (Seattle-to-Portland) bike ride to raise money for the Multiple System Atrophy Coalition. “She was a compassionate, driven, gregarious person,” Williams said. “I know she would be honored to keep her legacy going.” Julie Muhlstein: 425-339-3460; jmuhlstein@heraldnet.com. How to help The Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund will help pay tuition for participants in Leadership Snohomish County classes. Learn more at www.leadershipsc.org/home. To contribute, click on “Donate” at the website and check the Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund box.   Deborah Knutson, longtime leader of the Snohomish County Development Council, died Dec. 30. A fund in her honor has been established through Leadership Snohomish County to help promote women in leadership roles. (Contributed Photo) Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Breaking News Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Sat 11 Feb 2017 - 14 Jumada I 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Oman Air inducts new Boeing B737-800 Oman Air inducts new Boeing B737-800 Saturday 04th, February 2017 / 19:49 Written by Oman Observer in Business, LATEST NEWS By Business Reporter — MUSCAT: Feb 4 – Oman Air, the national carrier of the Sultanate of Oman, has announced that a new Boeing B737-800 aircraft has joined its fleet as of January 24, 2017. This new aircraft will be used on short and medium haul routes and has a capacity of 162 seats, with 12 Business class seats of seat pitch 46 inches and 150 Economy class seats with seat pitch 30 inches. Each seat is equipped with an LCD screen, back-mounted 10.6 inches. Oman Air has operated B737s for many years and the aircraft provide the backbone of the airline’s long and medium haul fleet, with 23 currently in operation. The new aircraft will be deployed soon on its arrival for commercial flights. Abdulaziz Alraisi, Executive Vice-President Products and Brand Development, said: “In keeping up with the expansion programme, Oman Air is adding new aircraft to its fast growing fleet. Known for its energy efficient systems, and combined with Oman Air’s superb maintenance staff and facilities, this is an ideal acquisition as we spread our wings to further afield.” With the addition of the new Boeing 737-800, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 48. Currently Oman Air’s fleet consists of four Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300s, four Airbus 330-200s, five Boeing 737-900s, 23 Boeing 737-800, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175s. A second new B737-800 will be joining Oman Air’s fleet on 16 February, followed by a Dreamliner B787-9 on 23 February 2017.  The delivery of new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s ambitious and dynamic programme of fleet and network expansion. The airline continues to be recognised for its award winning on board experience; winning an array of industry awards in 2016 to add to its growing collection. Oman Air’s latest aircraft addition consolidates its position in 2017 as the airline continues its progress to becoming a successful, sustainable company of the highest quality: “To Become the Best.” About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Over 120 global firms to participate in the 4th IDF Oman Exhibition Italian firm to supply equipment for Oman salt refinery project → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent WhatsApp Oman’s top app but women swear by Instagram New blow to Trump’s travel ban Iranians march against Trump ‘threats’ on revolution day Remove Iraq from travel ban list, PM tells US president Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoOman's only newspaper with weekend edition at at /t.co/2XHyOo4S0t /t.co/wzBXwYYHZB 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Norway's #DNO announces a “stepped up drilling campaign” targeting Oman's only offshore producing fields in Block 8. /… 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Global oil output plunged in January as Opec and non-Opec producers curbed supply to help rebalance markets: IEA /t.co… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Fri, 3 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News U.S. Air Force and Boeing Extend Partnership to Sustain GPS Constellations The U.S. Air Force and Boeing recently signed a Global Positioning System (GPS) sustainment agreement that will ensure the navigation capabilities relied upon by millions of military and commercial users remain robust for years to come. Under the agreement, Boeing will support GPS IIA and IIF satellites currently on orbit for the next five years.  Boeing, which has been the prime GPS contractor for more than 40 years, is now part of the Air Force effort that may lead to the next generation of GPS satellites. “This agreement continues Boeing’s strong legacy of GPS innovation and mission support,” said Dan Hart, vice president, Government Satellite Systems. “We are focused on delivering reliable, affordable and resilient GPS capability now and for generations to come.” Collectively, Boeing GPS satellites have accrued more than 550 years of on-orbit operation. In March 2016, the company delivered its 50th GPS satellite on orbit to the Air Force and has built more than two-thirds of the GPS satellites that have entered service since 1978. See other recent news regarding: Air Force, Boeing, GPS, Satellite. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 Show More Travel News IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview APAC Airlines Carried 293m Int Pax in 2016 Frasers to Open Fourth Jakarta Property in Q3 Wyndham Opens Tryp Hotel in Yangon, Myanmar First Fairmont Hotel Opens in Western China Daydream Island Resort in Australia to Close Finnair to Trial Alipay on Flights JAL Adopts Honeywell's Fuel Software IATA's Cargo-XML Messaging Standard Integrated into ASYCUDAWorld AccorHotels Appoints Deputy CEO - APAC Hotels: APAC Reports 2016 Increase in RevPAR Mantra Appoints Development Manager Amadeus Appoints Global Head of Business Travel Boeing's 2nd ABS Satellite Enters Service Rockwell Collins Expands Weather Program Delta and Aeromexico Official Airlines of LAFC Smiths Receives Clearance for Morpho Acquisition Myanmar Calls for Investment in Responsible Tourism JAC Takes Delivery of First ATR 42-600 SITA Appoints President - Air Travel Solutions MHG Opens First Oaks Hotel in India Singapore Airlines Partners Lalique US Hotels Report Increase in RevPAR Marriott Signs W Hotel in Budapest, Hungary Hyatt Signs First Centric Hotel in France Emirates Using Sabre's Merchandising Tech SITA Appoints President - Asia Pacific Vietjet to Launch Flights Between Singapore and Hanoi Carlson Breaks Ground on First Hotel in Sri Lanka Emirates to Launch 3rd Daily Nairobi Flight AIME Searches Rising Star of MICE Industry London Reports Record Number of Arrivals Etihad to Operate 14 Flights Per Week to Dusseldorf International Year of Sustainable Tourism Ascott Signs Six Properties in China Finnair to Increase Capacity to HK, S'pore and Thailand AirAsia X Enhances IFE with Huawei Mediapad 2 Park Hotel Group to Launch New Brand Int. Tourist Arrivals Up 3.9% in 2016 Emirates to Launch Daily Zagreb Flights Movenpick Signs Hotel in Quang Binh, VN ATR Delivers First 72-600 in Argentina eRevMax Integrates with ByHours American Airlines to Sell Basic Economy British & Irish Lions Stregthen Team Luxury 6-Room Hotel to Open in Hua Hin Accor Opens ibis Hotel in Kochi, India HKIA Handled 70.5m Pax in 2016 Flynas Orders 60 Airbus Aircraft Bombardier Remarkets 13 CRJ900 Aircraft UNWTO and JICA to Promote Sustainable Tourism Dorsett Opens Silka Tsuen Wan in HK Finnair and Flybe Expand Codeshare Agreement Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints DOSM Celebrity Cruises Appoints Head of Sales Asia Elbit Wins US$17m BrightNite Contract France 24 Expands Presence in Thailand IHG's First Kimpton Hotel Outside of Americas Appoints GM Travelodge to Open Hong Kong Hotel AirAsia to Increase Bangkok - Mandalay Emirates to Launch A380 Flights to Brazil Radisson Blu Opens in Faridabad, India Movenpick Opens Hotel in Colombo Shiji Acquires ReviewPro RBH to Manage Holiday Inn Express in Edinburgh, Scotland Seychelles Reports 42% Increase in Arrivals from India Vietjet Launches Ho Chi Minh - Taichung Flights Exec Appointments at Diethelm Singapore Sabre Hospitality Appoints MD/CCO APAC Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17 Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement aviation   Boeing to use 3D printed parts 03 Feb 2017 The aerospace manufacturer's space taxis will use more than 600 parts churned out by 3D printers. As Fred Katayama reports, the parts cut costs and save weight. Video Transcript These aren't your ordinary parts made of plastic. They're being churned out by a 3D printer, and more than 800 different parts produced by this small company will land in Boeing's Starliner spacecraft. The aerospace manufacturer is betting that Oxford Performance Materials' printed plastics can perform flawlessly under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures. Elijah Willis directs materials and processes at Oxford. SOUNDBITE: ELIJAH WILLIS, DIRECTOR OF MATERIALS AND PROCESSES, OXFORD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "3D printing is a manufacturing process, more commonly known as additive manufacturing, taking advantage of building a part layer by layer as opposed to subtractive manufacturing which is cutting away the part out of a billet or hog of a material, either metal or plastic, whichever you are starting with." Oxford's components will help Boeing cut costs and save weight on each capsule. Bernie Plishtin heads business development at Oxford: SOUNDBITE: BERNIE PLISHTIN, CHIEF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER, OXFORD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Weight savings is incredibly important when you are putting things up in space. And we've been able to reduce hundreds of pounds on the crew capsule by Boeing's measurements, approximately 60 percent weight reduction on the parts that we produced." 3D printing has progressed beyond prototypes into industrial production of high-grade parts used in space ships and aircraft engines, among other things. Sales have taken off, and Wohlers Report expects them to quintuple by 2021. Multimedia AUDIO Marriot's President and MD, MENA, talks about tourism economics AUDIO Will Aramco's IPO boost regional capital markets? AUDIO Is Dubai return policy tighter compared to other countries? AUDIO Outlook on social media advertising VIDEO Having fled fighting, Iraqis and Syrians learn to code VIDEO Sessions confirmed as U.S. Attorney General Advertisement Most Popular Videos Brand guru launches BOT studio 08 Feb 2017 - Accelerate SME Sunny solution for Gaza's energy problem 19 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Scammers catch execs on social media 31 Mar 2016 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Boeing receives $2.1 billion contract mod for KC-46 production by Ryan Maass Washington (UPI) Jan 30, 2017 Boeing has received a $2.1 billion contract modification to produce 15 KC-46 Pegasus aircraft for the U.S. Air Force. Under the modification, Boeing will provide the branch with 15 of the new military refueling aircraft in addition to two spare engines, five wing refueling pod kits, and data. According to the U.S. Department of Defense, the work will be performed at Seattle, Wa., and is expected to be complete by the end of July 2019. The company received all funding at the time of the modification award. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is listed as the contracting activity. Boeing's KC-46 Pegasus is a military aircraft designed for aerial refueling in addition to transport of personnel and cargo. The plane was adapted for military service from the company's commercial 767 jet airliner. The aircraft is built to be crewed by 15 personnel, and is equipped with high-resolution stereoscopic boom cameras with a 185-degree panoramic field of view. Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report Pentagon chief orders review of F-35 fighter program Washington (AFP) Jan 27, 2017 US Secretary of Defense James Mattis has ordered a review of the Lockheed Martin F-35 stealth fighter program after President Donald Trump assailed its $400 billion price tag, the Pentagon announced Friday. At the same time, Mattis ordered a similar review of the $4 billion cost for developing a new aircraft for the US president, Air Force One, the ultra-high-tech and secure 747 built by Boe ... read more Scientists and students tackle omics at NASA workshop Mister Trump Goes to Washington Airbus delivers propulsion test module for the Orion programme to NASA NASA to rely on Soyuz for ISS missions until 2019 SmallGEO's first flight reaches orbit Russia to check space flight engines over faulty parts Russia to call tender for 2nd Phase of Vostochny Spaceport construction in Fall A May Day return for Proton-M carrier rocket? Similar-Looking Ridges on Mars Have Diverse Origins Commercial Crew's Role in Path to Mars Bursts of methane may have warmed early Mars Long Eclipse Avoidance Manoeuvres Performed Successfully on MOM Spacecraft China's first cargo spacecraft to leave factory China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Beijing's space program soars in 2016 Space, Ukrainian-style: Through Crisis to Revival ESA Planetary Science Archive gets a new look Iridium-1 NEXT Launched on a Falcon 9 Shaping the Future: Aerospace Works to Ensure an Informed Space Policy U.S. Navy orders radar detection kits for MH-60R aircraft New white paper reviews latest support for Redefinition of the Kilogram by 2018 A new approach to 3-D holographic displays greatly improves the image quality UCLA physicists map the atomic structure of an alloy First footage of a living stylodactylid shrimp filter-feeding at depth of 4826m SF State astronomer searches for signs of life on Wolf 1061 exoplanet Looking for life in all the right places with the right tool Could dark streaks in Venusian clouds be microbial life Public to Choose Jupiter Picture Sites for NASA Juno Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Pluto Global Color Map Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
NEWS: Iqaluit February 04, 2017 - 4:50 pm Huge Antonov aircraft flies engine to Nunavut for stranded Swiss jet Swiss International Boeing 777 remains in Iqaluit after Feb. 1 emergency landingJANE GEORGE Antonov to the rescue! The huge four-engine aircraft lands at 3:30 p.m. Feb. 4 in Iqaluit, with a new engine for the Swiss International Airlines Boeing 777-300, as many plane-spotters gather, in their vehicles, at the end of the runway to catch the landing. (PHOTO BY MIALI BUSCEMI) This photo posted on Twitter by Michael Ettlin from Zurich shows the engine that arrived Feb. 4 in Iqaluit for the Swiss International Airlines Boeing 777-300 there since Feb. 1. (PHOTO/TWITTER) Here’s a sight you don’t see often at the Iqaluit airport: a giant Antonov 124, one of the biggest heavy-lift aircraft ever built. That’s what many Iqaluit plane-spotters wanted to see Feb. 4, when they gathered at the end of the airport’s runway at 3:30 p.m. just before sunset turned the snow pink and deep purple—and despite a windchill of -46 C. Many others watched the Antonov 124 land from the comfort of their homes: “One of the largest planes in the world just flew by my living room window,” said an Iqaluit man on Twitter. “Impressive!” A similar Antonov last landed in Iqaluit in April 2015 when it brought in replacement turbines for Pangnirtung’s failed power plant. This time the Antonov 124, a four-engine aircraft owned by Antonov Co., a Ukrainian aircraft manufacturing and services company, was on a new mission: the aircraft flew from Zurich, a trip of more than 4,000 kilometres, with a new engine for the disabled Swiss International Airlines Boeing 777-300. You can see the Feb. 4 landing for yourself here in a video posted on YouTube by Iqaluit’s Brian Tattuinee. A single engine, according to online aviation sites, costs about $24 million. The Swiss aircraft, flight 40, en route from Zurich to Los Angeles, saw one of its two engines shut down Feb. 1 and then successfully made an emergency landing at the Iqaluit airport. The Boeing 777-300, which carried more than 200 passengers and crew, is still on the tarmac in Iqaluit, although everyone on board left Feb. 2 for New York City on another Swiss International aircraft. The 777’s new engine was no light load to bring to Iqaluit. The engine is so large that it’s about the same diameter as the fuselage of the Boeing 737s that northern airlines fly in Canada. Each 777 engine, made by General Electric, provides 111,000 units of horsepower, making the engine more than a 1,000 times more powerful than a car. And, as the 777 is equipped with two engines, each one is supposed to but ultra-reliable. As for the cause of Swiss International flight 40’s problems, that is “still under examination,” Meike Fuhlrott, Swiss International’s communications manager told Nunatsiaq News Feb. 4. But it’s not the first time this year that Boeing 777 aircraft have suffered problems with these engines. On Dec. 31 an All Nippon Airways Boeing 777-300 flying from Frankfurt to Tokyo had to make an emergency landing, due to the loss of an engine, at Russia’s Krasnojarsk airport. The Swiss International jet is likely to remain in Iqaluit for several weeks as a team carries out the repairs. Fuhlrott said she couldn’t confirm how many people would be involved in the repairs or how long the repairs would require, due to the “adverse conditions.” There is no hangar to protect workers, so until a tent of some kind is put up, all work on the aircraft will be done outside, in some of the coldest weather Iqaluit sees all year. Those on board Swiss International’s flight 40 left Feb. 2 for New York City on an Airbus A330-300. Flight 40 passenger Judith Conrady, writing about her experience for the German online news site RP, described how the pilot said, “I am sorry to wake you up. We are about halfway between Zurich and Los Angeles. We have to land at the nearest airport. Because of a technical problem. The nearest airport, Iqaluit, is located in the top north of Canada.” When the aircraft landed in Iqaluit, everyone applauded, Conrady said. The thought of getting off the aircraft was tempting, she said, but then the temperature dropped and darkness fell. The passengers were remarkably quiet, she said, and some were even in a good mood despite the inconvenience: “This is probably due to the fact that the situation was so absurd that one could not help but accept it.” The switch to the second aircraft sent to take the passengers on was complex, as Conrady described it: after the plane’s arrival at about 2 a.m. Feb. 2, two aircraft stairs had to be set up so they could head down into five heated school buses. Then the stairs—and the buses—were pulled up to the new aircraft, which took them on to their way to JFK International Airport in New York City. “I would have liked Iqaluit. Surely it is the city that made the most impression on me without ever having entered it,” Conrady said. A shortage of customs agents onsite has been suggested as a reason for why those on board were unable to tour the city. Meanwhile, Frobisher Bay Touchdown Services, which takes care of contracted ground handling in Iqaluit, scrambled to provide services to Swiss International— and to take care of puppies in the hold. They left a message for the owners: “we kept your fur babies warm, watered and fed, we went for a quick walk bathroom break as well,” assuring them that their animals had been in good hands. Passengers, Swiss International said, will be compensated for the unexpected stop in Iqaluit and the delay—although airline spokesperson Fuhlrott did not say how. The Antonov lands in a cloud of snow Feb. 4 as it touches down, at the Iqaluit airport: Now the work starts for the repair crew on the Swiss International Airlines jet. (PHOTO BY FRANK REARDON PHOTOS) (17) Comments: #1. Posted by Raymond Kaslak on February 04, 2017 I’d think the cost of charter of this plane would be in the range of + $ 300,000 #2. Posted by secert on February 04, 2017 try a million #3. Posted by Liliane on February 04, 2017 A tour of the city was unlikely to happen. Although it would take a while for all the passengers to clear customs since there are only two agents based in Iqaluit . then they would have had to go through security all over again before re-boarding (costs to be borne by the airline). There is also the airline’s problem of looking for stragglers when ready to leave. #4. Posted by Eric on February 04, 2017 A tour of the city was very unlikely to happen. Although it would take a while for all the passengers to clear customs since there are only two agents based in Iqaluit the airline would have the final say. The passengers would have had to go through security all over again before re-boarding (costs to be borne by the airline). There is also the airline’s problem of looking for stragglers when ready to leave. Not to mention that the passengers were unlikely to be dressed warmly enough for our weather… #5. Posted by Annalise Biedermann on February 05, 2017 Small world, eh! Iqaluit suddenly in our papers, here in Europe. What chance to learn about today’s Far North. What an airport with all its possibilities! Necessary and friendly help like in the old days. Chapeau, Iqaluit! High tech and seal meat, what a great and important combination! Watch out for the film ANGRY INUK and you learn more about amazing Iqaluit and the truth in the Inuit Land. (Too bad that interested passengers were not able to accept Iqaluit’s kind invitation.) Ulluqatsiaritsi! #6. Posted by top city in Canada on February 05, 2017 Iqaluit, the sub-airport for all size planes on route to Europe.  The emergency landing airport with services for lovable fur puppies and passengers.  Experienced puppy walkers give 100% care to fur babies.  Warm buses shuttle passengers with ease, comfort and surety of trust leaving with them a love not found anywhere else in Canada with temperatures at -46C. #7. Posted by Cree Nation Boy on February 06, 2017 Wow this is an amazing story, glad everyone was okay and kudos to Iqaluit for their airport’s awesomeness & the people! I hope to visit one day!! ❤🇨🇦 #8. Posted by Colleen McCloskey on February 06, 2017 You all are awesome! This story made the news here in Maryland, USA, especially with the happy ending. If you had video of the puppies, it would have made the national news! Awesome! #9. Posted by Chris on February 06, 2017 I got here from a link in a story in my local daily (in Switzerland): http://bazonline.ch/panorama/vermischtes/so-wird-der-swissflieger-bei-minus-30-grad-repariert/story/22859313 You’re famous, though I am still not sure how to pronounce Iqaluit. Looks like what would be a minor inconvenience at an airport in Europe has turned into a logistics challenge, no hangar big enough, no repair equipment big enough, no trained repair crew, no hotel for the passengers and no road into the town. I hope your tourist trade gets a boost from the publicity. #10. Posted by Greta on February 06, 2017 Should have loaded all of Iqaluit’s undesirables on to the Antonov 124 for the backhaul flt to Zurich. NU’s MP cd go along as chaperone. #11. Posted by Ava on February 06, 2017 Awww, I am proud a Ukrainian built plane came to help! It is called “Mriya” (“Dream” in English). Big beast, I would never have guessed it can land in all this snow! Glad everybody is safe and the wounded bird is getting help! #12. Posted by Tolstyj on February 07, 2017 2 Ava. Actually this is Antonov’s AN-124 “Ruslan”. “Mriya” is 6-engine and has AN-225 index. But I still proud! #13. Posted by Alexander on February 07, 2017 Ava, this is a different aircraft, his name is Ruslan, Mriya (АN-225) is the biggest plane in the world and it has 6 engines. #14. Posted by Doc on February 07, 2017 Ava, u’r wrong. It’s “Ruslan” with 4 engines (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonov_An-124_Ruslan). Antonov AN-225 “Mriya” have 6 engines (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonov_An-225_Mriya) #15. Posted by JACQUES on February 07, 2017 The Antonov AN-225 Cossack 6-engines is the largest cargo plane indeed. Russian built, it can carry a 550,000 pound load (275 tons, or 1200 45-gallon fuel drumns) #16. Posted by Anton on February 07, 2017 The Antonov An-225 Mriya and the Antonov An-124 Ruslan- built in Ukraine (in the Soviet times). Antonov factory (Kiev, Ukraine) is now building a new cargo and passenger planes. http://www.antonov.com/?lang=en #17. Posted by Gabbai on February 08, 2017 Interesting that they chose Iqaluit. I guess the plane must have been too far away from Reykjavik which would have been a much easier stop off point. Shame the passengers couldn’t have gotten a sightseeing trip. What real security risk was there? This wasn’t exactly a scheduled stop that a terrorist could be taking advantage of and as I guess the baggage stayed stored, there was not going to be a major cocaine drop. Shame that sometimes government officials cannot just take a step back and relax a little. Your Email: Your Name: Remember my personal information Your Location: Your comment: Notify me of follow-up comments? NEWS FEATURES EDITORIAL LETTERS TO THE EDITOR TAISSUMANI COMMENTARY NEWS TIPS PRIVACY POLICY COMMENTING POLICY  THIS WEEK’S ADS JOBS TENDERS NOTICES  ADVERTISING RATE CARD/MEDIA KIT EMAIL AD DEPARTMENT          Copyright © 1995-2017 Nortext Publishing Corporation (Iqaluit) and may not be reprinted for commercial publication in print, or any other media, without the permission of the publisher. Nunatsiaq News, PO Box 8, Iqaluit, NU X0A 0H0 • Ph. (867) 979-5357 • Fax (867) 979-4763 • Send letters to: editor@nunatsiaqonline.ca Advertising: 1-800-263-1452 ext 131 • FAX: 1-800-417-2474 • EMAIL: ads@nunatsiaqonline.ca ARCHIVES
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Foreign Arms Sales Boom Under President Trump Not necessarily because of President Trump -- but probably not in spite of him, either. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 4, 2017 at 10:13AM President Donald Trump says he wants to "make America's military strong again" -- but first things first. Before we get around to strengthening America's military, we need to export a few weapons to our allies. And so it was that on the very first day of the Trump Administration, the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) notified Congress of plans to sell $1.3 billion in weapons systems to U.S. allies around the world. The sales comprise four separate contracts, beginning with... President Trump's international deal-making is more than just hot air -- as demonstrated by an imminent sale of military blimps. Image source: Lockheed Martin. Saudi Arabian blimps  The largest of the four contracts that the DSCA notified Congress of on Monday, Jan. 23, 2017, concerns the sale to Saudi Arabia of 10 Persistent Threat Detection System (PTDS) aerostats. Equipped with ground moving target indicator radars, see-in-the-dark electro-optic infrared cameras, and communications intelligence Sensors, these floating eyes in the sky will "improve the security of an important ally," says DSCA. No prime contractor has yet been named on the contract, and several defense contractors (including, most infamously, Raytheon (NYSE:RTN)) are known to manufacture such spy blimps. PTDS, however, is a Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) product, and it seems likely that Lockheed Martin will receive the bulk of the revenues from this contract. Rockets for Kuwait  Raytheon won't be entirely left out of the foreign military sales contracting fun, though. In a $110 million deal, DSCA notes that Kuwait also wants to buy 60 AIM-120C-7 AMRAAM medium-range air-to-air missiles for its 27 F/A-18C fighter jets. (Late last year, Kuwait also inked a deal with the Obama Administration to acquire 40 new F/A-18 fighters from Boeing (NYSE:BA) in a transaction worth $10.1 billion). Raytheon will serve as principal contractor on the missile sale. Helicopters -- also for Kuwait  A third pending defense contract also involves Kuwait. This one is a $400 million deal to provide the Kuwaiti military with support equipment and services for its fleet of Boeing AH-64D Apache attack helicopters. Maintenance equipment, training devices, helmets, simulators, generators, and other devices are all incorporated into this deal. Given the wide variety of equipment included, DSCA had trouble picking just one contractor to serve as "prime" on this deal, but Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and others are all said to be "potentially involved in the sale." As the Apache's manufacturer, it's likely that Boeing will ultimately receive the bulk of the revenue here. C-17s for the UK Finally, DSCA notified Congress of a fourth contract that gives Boeing an unqualified win -- $400 million in payment for providing "continued logistics support" to Britain's eight C-17 transport aircraft. This deal will have Boeing performing upgrades on C-17 antennae and communications systems, as well as the planes' "three special operations loading ramps." What it means for defense investors Now, does all of the above deal-making mean that Donald Trump has begun making American foreign arms sales great again? Not necessarily -- but not because the deals might not go through. You see, the DSCA notification process is designed to eliminate the possibility that a foreign government, wanting to buy American arms and approaching Congress for permission to do so, might suffer the embarrassment of being turned down on a request. (As a result, in all of recorded history, no DSCA-notified weapons sale has ever been denied by Congress). When the U.S. State Department receives such a request, it spends considerable time conferring with Congress before ever giving DSCA the go-ahead to "officially" notify Congress that the request has been made. Once that notification has been made, it's essentially guaranteed to go through. But this also means that the initial request to buy all of this military hardware and services must have been made during the Obama Administration, reviewed and discussed extensively under the previous administration, and only finally approved after Mr. Trump took office. (Speaking of which, we should mention here that one day before President Trump's swearing in, Congress was notified of a fifth contract -- a $418 million contract to sell the Kenyan Defense Forces 12 Air Tractor AT- 802L prop-driven fighter planes, and a pair of AT-504 trainer aircraft, for which L-3 Communications (NYSE:LLL) will serve as prime contractor. Although DSCA did not publish its notification until Jan. 23 -- the same date the four sales above were notified -- it says it actually notified Congress of this sale on Jan. 19.) That being said, it seems highly unlikely that $1.3 billion in foreign arms sales (or $1.7 billion, if you count the L-3 deal) being approved on the very first full working day of the Trump Administration happened by accident. Just because President Trump didn't tweet about the sales doesn't mean he didn't approve of them. My hunch is that the next four years could be very good years for defense contractors striking arms export deals -- and making defense companies' profits great again. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 4, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $150.03 up $0.79 (0.53%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) L-3 Communications Holdings NYSE:LLL $163.11 up $1.61 (1.00%) Read More Lockheed Martin Earnings: Here's the 1 Number That Matters Most Pentagon Weapons Tester Shoots Down Lockheed's F-35 Prepare to Be Wowed by Lockheed Martin's Huge New Contract How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Defense Stocks? Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Foreign Arms Sales Boom Under President Trump @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $RTN, $LMT, $LLL
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Investigative journalism takes support from readers like you. Business Discount airline’s chief pledges cheaper trans-Atlantic fares as he grows his Boeing fleet Originally published February 4, 2017 at 8:00 am Norwegian Air Chief Executive Bjørn Kjos says he will offer $69 introductory fares across the Atlantic — and buy more Boeing planes — if he gets a pending U.S. permit. Also: Boeing amps up the rhetoric in battle over Machinists vote in Charleston. Share story By Seattle Times staff Seattle Times business staff Starting in June, Norwegian Air Chief Executive Bjørn Kjos promises the cheapest trans-Atlantic airfares U.S. travelers have ever seen — with an introductory offer as low as $69 one way, flying on a new Boeing 737 MAX between Ireland or Scotland and the U.S. East Coast. Further out, pending approval by the U.S. Department of Transport (DOT) of Norwegian’s U.K. subsidiary, Kjos says he’ll greatly expand the carrier’s global network, including a plan to offer low-cost flights from Seattle to London on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner. In an interview while in Seattle to speak at a gathering of Boeing executives, Kjos said that second step would mean such potential growth for Norwegian that “I would subscribe to many more 787s as soon as we get the DOT approval.” In just three and a half years, Kjos has blazed a trail to make Norwegian Air into a long-haul, low-cost airline that’s upset the big U.S. international carriers. He promises to disturb them even more with the low-fare expansion he has planned. Most Read Stories Emirates says Seattle flight delayed 6 hours as Delta withheld $300 spare part Seattle restaurant's sandwich board "congratchulayting" Betsy DeVos goes viral Triple delight in the sky: Full 'snow moon,' eclipse and comet on Friday 5 thoughts on the Seahawks' signing of Blair Walsh, and what it means for Steven Hauschka Washington '2 for 2' against Trump ban: State politicians reactUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Kjos’ strategy has been to expand way beyond Norway. He created subsidiaries in Ireland and the U.K. to take advantage of agreements those countries have to fly freely into many parts of the world, especially in Asia. To realize his growth plans, he needs DOT approval to recognize those subsidiaries. After a three-year fight, the Obama administration in December finally granted the needed permit for Norwegian’s Irish subsidiary. With Brexit promising to take the U.K. out of Europe and London Gatwick now Kjos’ largest European base, he also needs the DOT to separately approve his U.K operation. That would allow him to operate long-haul 787s to Asia and to the U.S., with complete flexibility for the same jets to fly east or west out of London. If he gets that, he said he plans to expand hugely into Asia; for example, he envisions offering the many Asian tech workers in Seattle low-cost flights to India or China via London. In other words, he’d be taking on Emirates out of Seattle, as well as British Airways. Kjos foresees “huge growth potential” in low-fare international flights. “More people will start flying,” he said. “The fares go lower, but the volume goes much higher.” Norwegian is expanding rapidly in the U.S. It already flies 787 Dreamliner widebody jets into large airports including Boston, New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Fort Lauderdale and Orlando, Fla. Those include premium fares around $600 one-way between Europe and U.S. East Coast cities, and economy fares at half that. In May, he’ll get the first new 737 MAX, the new Boeing narrowbody jet. Norwegian will fly that jet, with even lower fares, on thinner routes from cities like Dublin and Cork in Ireland or Edinburgh in Scotland, into smaller U.S. airports including Stewart International, north of New York City, and Providence, R.I. He’s working on closing an agreement with Ryanair that would feed passengers from its European low-cost carrier network into his Irish and Scottish flights. Kjos said he’ll take delivery of six Boeing 737 MAXs this year and another nine 787-9 Dreamliners. He’s already announced two more U.S. crew bases to add to the existing bases in New York and Fort Lauderdale and says more announcements are coming soon. The big U.S. airlines and pilot unions have accused Norwegian of unfair competition through paying lower wages, including the use of lower-paid Thai flight crews. He hotly denies that, saying his American crews are paid U.S. wages and that his Bangkok-based flight crews do not fly to the U.S. but only between Thailand and Europe. “This political nonsense is just trying to limit access to low fares,” he said. Intense political opposition from the U.S. airlines and unions held back Norwegian’s first DOT permit — the one for its Irish subsidiary — for three years before it was granted. In January, the same interests began lobbying the new Trump administration to claw back what Obama had given. But that hasn’t happened yet, and Kjos is optimistic that Trump won’t do so. “We’ll have almost 1,000 crew members in the U.S. by the end of this year. We are flying millions of European tourists into the U.S. We are creating a lot of jobs. And we fly Boeing aircraft,” Kjos said. “We are doing exactly the things Trump wants everybody to do.” — Dominic Gates: dgates@seattletimes.com Boeing hits hard in S.C. union fight Boeing is taking the gloves off to fight the Machinists union with everything it’s got. Monday, it was a video that starts with a brooding, dark Seattle skyline looking pretty much like Mordor. Tuesday, a heaping pile of diapers. A vote by Boeing’s production workers in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 15will determine if the International Association of Machinists (IAM) will represent them. It has sparked a feverish, over-the-top propaganda war. Every day, Boeing issues a new video on a company website dedicated to convincing the workers they should reject the union. Monday’s video contrasts the current state of the plant in South Carolina, where workers “are creating a great future for our kids,” with the divisiveness that the IAM allegedly could bring. To drive that home, it starts with an ominous Seattle skylinethat resembles the land of shadow from Tolkien’s The Lord of the Rings. Turns out it’s populated not by sword-wielding orcs, but by always-striking Machinists holding picket signs. Not shown are the production lines in Renton and Everett, where those same Machinists last year rolled out Boeing jets at record levels. On Tuesday, Boeing pulled a different stunt to grab the attention of its South Carolina employees. It set up two displays in workers’ break rooms, one with a table overflowing with a huge pile of diapers and kids clothes, and the other with groceries. In each case it was said to be $800 worth — the amount the union would take out of an employee’s paycheck every year in dues, a sign above the displays made clear. In case anyone wondered whether this was just heartless corporate messaging, Boeing promises to donate the items on display to the Lowcountry Orphan Relief Fund and Lowcountry Food Bank. The Machinists union’s Facebook page for convincing Boeing workers to vote for union representation shows a photo of the diaper-laden table with lots of comments from IAM supporters. “There is a reason they don’t want a union in the plant and it has nothing to do with saving the employees $800,” posted David Story, an electrician at an IAM local in Alabama. “It has to do with saving the company from the negotiated wages.” — Dominic Gates: dgates@seattletimes.com Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Deutsche Bank says ‘sorry’ in full-page German newspaper ads Previous Story US utilities seek sun as Trump sides with coal, fossil fuels Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Foreign Arms Sales Boom Under President Trump Not necessarily because of President Trump -- but probably not in spite of him, either. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 4, 2017 at 10:13AM President Donald Trump says he wants to "make America's military strong again" -- but first things first. Before we get around to strengthening America's military, we need to export a few weapons to our allies. And so it was that on the very first day of the Trump Administration, the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) notified Congress of plans to sell $1.3 billion in weapons systems to U.S. allies around the world. The sales comprise four separate contracts, beginning with... President Trump's international deal-making is more than just hot air -- as demonstrated by an imminent sale of military blimps. Image source: Lockheed Martin. Saudi Arabian blimps  The largest of the four contracts that the DSCA notified Congress of on Monday, Jan. 23, 2017, concerns the sale to Saudi Arabia of 10 Persistent Threat Detection System (PTDS) aerostats. Equipped with ground moving target indicator radars, see-in-the-dark electro-optic infrared cameras, and communications intelligence Sensors, these floating eyes in the sky will "improve the security of an important ally," says DSCA. No prime contractor has yet been named on the contract, and several defense contractors (including, most infamously, Raytheon (NYSE:RTN)) are known to manufacture such spy blimps. PTDS, however, is a Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) product, and it seems likely that Lockheed Martin will receive the bulk of the revenues from this contract. Rockets for Kuwait  Raytheon won't be entirely left out of the foreign military sales contracting fun, though. In a $110 million deal, DSCA notes that Kuwait also wants to buy 60 AIM-120C-7 AMRAAM medium-range air-to-air missiles for its 27 F/A-18C fighter jets. (Late last year, Kuwait also inked a deal with the Obama Administration to acquire 40 new F/A-18 fighters from Boeing (NYSE:BA) in a transaction worth $10.1 billion). Raytheon will serve as principal contractor on the missile sale. Helicopters -- also for Kuwait  A third pending defense contract also involves Kuwait. This one is a $400 million deal to provide the Kuwaiti military with support equipment and services for its fleet of Boeing AH-64D Apache attack helicopters. Maintenance equipment, training devices, helmets, simulators, generators, and other devices are all incorporated into this deal. Given the wide variety of equipment included, DSCA had trouble picking just one contractor to serve as "prime" on this deal, but Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and others are all said to be "potentially involved in the sale." As the Apache's manufacturer, it's likely that Boeing will ultimately receive the bulk of the revenue here. C-17s for the UK Finally, DSCA notified Congress of a fourth contract that gives Boeing an unqualified win -- $400 million in payment for providing "continued logistics support" to Britain's eight C-17 transport aircraft. This deal will have Boeing performing upgrades on C-17 antennae and communications systems, as well as the planes' "three special operations loading ramps." What it means for defense investors Now, does all of the above deal-making mean that Donald Trump has begun making American foreign arms sales great again? Not necessarily -- but not because the deals might not go through. You see, the DSCA notification process is designed to eliminate the possibility that a foreign government, wanting to buy American arms and approaching Congress for permission to do so, might suffer the embarrassment of being turned down on a request. (As a result, in all of recorded history, no DSCA-notified weapons sale has ever been denied by Congress). When the U.S. State Department receives such a request, it spends considerable time conferring with Congress before ever giving DSCA the go-ahead to "officially" notify Congress that the request has been made. Once that notification has been made, it's essentially guaranteed to go through. But this also means that the initial request to buy all of this military hardware and services must have been made during the Obama Administration, reviewed and discussed extensively under the previous administration, and only finally approved after Mr. Trump took office. (Speaking of which, we should mention here that one day before President Trump's swearing in, Congress was notified of a fifth contract -- a $418 million contract to sell the Kenyan Defense Forces 12 Air Tractor AT- 802L prop-driven fighter planes, and a pair of AT-504 trainer aircraft, for which L-3 Communications (NYSE:LLL) will serve as prime contractor. Although DSCA did not publish its notification until Jan. 23 -- the same date the four sales above were notified -- it says it actually notified Congress of this sale on Jan. 19.) That being said, it seems highly unlikely that $1.3 billion in foreign arms sales (or $1.7 billion, if you count the L-3 deal) being approved on the very first full working day of the Trump Administration happened by accident. Just because President Trump didn't tweet about the sales doesn't mean he didn't approve of them. My hunch is that the next four years could be very good years for defense contractors striking arms export deals -- and making defense companies' profits great again. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 4, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $150.03 up $0.79 (0.53%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) L-3 Communications Holdings NYSE:LLL $163.11 up $1.61 (1.00%) Read More Lockheed Martin Earnings: Here's the 1 Number That Matters Most Pentagon Weapons Tester Shoots Down Lockheed's F-35 Prepare to Be Wowed by Lockheed Martin's Huge New Contract How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Defense Stocks? Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Foreign Arms Sales Boom Under President Trump @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $RTN, $LMT, $LLL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Has Spacesuit, Will Travel Spacesuits won't eclipse airplanes in Boeing's revenue stream anytime soon, but their development is still a plus. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 4, 2017 at 8:13AM United Launch Alliance -- the Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) joint venture responsible for launching most U.S. government space missions -- has a big plan for space. Over the next 30 years, says ULA, America will put dozens, scores, even hundreds of explorers into the region bounded by Earth and its Moon, to live and work there long-term. ULA calls the project its "Cislunar 1000 Vision" to put 1,000 astronauts in orbit. And now we know what they'll wear when they get there. Rotate your phone 90 degrees to see Boeing's Starliner spacesuit right-side-up. Image source: Boeing. Have spacesuit, will travel Last week, NASA announced that Boeing had designed a new spacesuit for astronauts traveling aboard its new CST-100 "Starliner" spacecraft, which is due to begin flying to the International Space Station in late 2018. Described as "light," "flexible and comfortable," and "tailored for each astronaut," Boeing's new Starliner suit "meets NASA requirements for safety and functionality." It features touchscreen-sensitive gloves to facilitate operating touchscreen controls. And it's a unibody suit, with the helmet and visor -- and even the shoes -- all part of one integrated garment that weighs about 20 pounds total, a 33% reduction in weight from NASA's current spacesuits. Boeing's new Starliner suit is not designed for extravehicular work in a vacuum, but it "can be pressurized in an emergency." What it means for investors Fixing a price on a high tech spacesuit is not the easiest thing in the world (or off it), which makes valuing the revenue opportunity that the Starliner suit affords to Boeing a bit tricky. We know that in June 2008 NASA awarded Oceaneering International (NYSE:OII) a $745 million contract to design a new spacesuit, beating out incumbent supplier Hamilton Sundstrand, which is still a unit of United Technologies (NYSE:UTX). That contract, however, dealt with extravehicular spacesuits, which, because they are designed to operate in a vacuum, are essentially man-sized spacecraft themselves -- priced at anywhere from $2 million to $15 million per unit. In contrast, the kind of intra-vehicular suits Boeing has designed for Starliner astronauts might cost $200,000 or less. Even times 1,000 spacesuits, that still works out to less than $200 million in potential revenue for Boeing -- and remember, right now NASA is still sending astronauts into orbit only three at a time. NASA won't need to order 1,000 suits for another 30 years, even if the Cislunar 1000 Vision does become reality. What it really means for investors So why do we care about NASA approving Boeing's spacesuits? Because they're a sine qua non for Boeing making more money on other things in space, and because the easier Boeing makes it for people to live and work in space, the more likely people will want to go there. The 33% decrease in weight and increased functionality offered by the Starliner suits make space just that much easier to access. It makes it that much more likely that Boeing and Lockheed will in fact be able to help put 1,000 or more astronauts in orbit over the next 30 years -- and will get a chance to build (and sell) the rockets and spaceships to get them there, and the space habitats, space taxis, and space gas trucks needed to support them when they arrive. Not to beat a dead horse here, but if Boeing wants to "travel" very far in space, first it must "have spacesuit." And now it does. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Oceaneering International. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 4, 2017 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $111.05 up $0.96 (0.87%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) Oceaneering International NYSE:OII $27.05 up $0.39 (1.46%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing Has Spacesuit, Will Travel @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $UTX, $LMT, $OII
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Has Spacesuit, Will Travel Spacesuits won't eclipse airplanes in Boeing's revenue stream anytime soon, but their development is still a plus. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 4, 2017 at 8:13AM United Launch Alliance -- the Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) joint venture responsible for launching most U.S. government space missions -- has a big plan for space. Over the next 30 years, says ULA, America will put dozens, scores, even hundreds of explorers into the region bounded by Earth and its Moon, to live and work there long-term. ULA calls the project its "Cislunar 1000 Vision" to put 1,000 astronauts in orbit. And now we know what they'll wear when they get there. Rotate your phone 90 degrees to see Boeing's Starliner spacesuit right-side-up. Image source: Boeing. Have spacesuit, will travel Last week, NASA announced that Boeing had designed a new spacesuit for astronauts traveling aboard its new CST-100 "Starliner" spacecraft, which is due to begin flying to the International Space Station in late 2018. Described as "light," "flexible and comfortable," and "tailored for each astronaut," Boeing's new Starliner suit "meets NASA requirements for safety and functionality." It features touchscreen-sensitive gloves to facilitate operating touchscreen controls. And it's a unibody suit, with the helmet and visor -- and even the shoes -- all part of one integrated garment that weighs about 20 pounds total, a 33% reduction in weight from NASA's current spacesuits. Boeing's new Starliner suit is not designed for extravehicular work in a vacuum, but it "can be pressurized in an emergency." What it means for investors Fixing a price on a high tech spacesuit is not the easiest thing in the world (or off it), which makes valuing the revenue opportunity that the Starliner suit affords to Boeing a bit tricky. We know that in June 2008 NASA awarded Oceaneering International (NYSE:OII) a $745 million contract to design a new spacesuit, beating out incumbent supplier Hamilton Sundstrand, which is still a unit of United Technologies (NYSE:UTX). That contract, however, dealt with extravehicular spacesuits, which, because they are designed to operate in a vacuum, are essentially man-sized spacecraft themselves -- priced at anywhere from $2 million to $15 million per unit. In contrast, the kind of intra-vehicular suits Boeing has designed for Starliner astronauts might cost $200,000 or less. Even times 1,000 spacesuits, that still works out to less than $200 million in potential revenue for Boeing -- and remember, right now NASA is still sending astronauts into orbit only three at a time. NASA won't need to order 1,000 suits for another 30 years, even if the Cislunar 1000 Vision does become reality. What it really means for investors So why do we care about NASA approving Boeing's spacesuits? Because they're a sine qua non for Boeing making more money on other things in space, and because the easier Boeing makes it for people to live and work in space, the more likely people will want to go there. The 33% decrease in weight and increased functionality offered by the Starliner suits make space just that much easier to access. It makes it that much more likely that Boeing and Lockheed will in fact be able to help put 1,000 or more astronauts in orbit over the next 30 years -- and will get a chance to build (and sell) the rockets and spaceships to get them there, and the space habitats, space taxis, and space gas trucks needed to support them when they arrive. Not to beat a dead horse here, but if Boeing wants to "travel" very far in space, first it must "have spacesuit." And now it does. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Oceaneering International. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 4, 2017 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) United Technologies NYSE:UTX $111.05 up $0.96 (0.87%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) Oceaneering International NYSE:OII $27.05 up $0.39 (1.46%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing Has Spacesuit, Will Travel @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $UTX, $LMT, $OII
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Boeing Company (The) (BA) SVP Gregory L. Hyslop Sells 3,573 Shares of Stock February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $159.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $143.18. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $170.00. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.50%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/boeing-company-the-ba-svp-gregory-l-hyslop-sells-3573-shares-of-stock.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 4.4% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 15,280 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,984,000 after buying an additional 644 shares during the period. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Boeing Company (The) by 4.2% in the second quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 3,801 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $494,000 after buying an additional 154 shares during the period. Huntington National Bank boosted its position in Boeing Company (The) by 42.5% in the second quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 47,556 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,176,000 after buying an additional 14,188 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Boeing Company (The) by 16.0% in the second quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $205,000 after buying an additional 226 shares during the period. Finally, Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. boosted its position in Boeing Company (The) by 3.7% in the second quarter. Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. now owns 56,029 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $7,277,000 after buying an additional 2,014 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.74% of the company’s stock. BA has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. TheStreet lowered shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $162.00 target price (up previously from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Vetr lowered shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $158.70 target price for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “sell” rating and set a $136.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Receives $92.00 Average Price Target from Brokerages TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade Cummins Inc. (CMI) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nuance Communications, Inc. (NUAN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ProVise Management Group LLC Has $620,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by William Strong on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet ProVise Management Group LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 38.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,710 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. ProVise Management Group LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $620,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of BA. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 3,813 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $495,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Bangor Savings Bank boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 2,221 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. now owns 2,034 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $268,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Finally, South Texas Money Management Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. 74.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. Boeing Company has a 1-year low of $102.10 and a 1-year high of $170.00. The company has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a PE ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $159.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $143.18. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.60 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/provise-management-group-llc-has-620000-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on BA. Vetr raised Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Barclays PLC lifted their price target on Boeing Company (The) from $150.00 to $175.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $136.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Vertical Research assumed coverage on Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Finally, Societe Generale set a $148.00 price target on Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $152.65. In related news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.51, for a total value of $327,020.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342 in the last ninety days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous ProVise Management Group LLC Lowers Position in Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Next » Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Position Decreased by ProVise Management Group LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 WMS Partners LLC Has $410,000 Stake in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WMS Partners LLC raised its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 37.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 3,114 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 846 shares during the period. WMS Partners LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $410,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 4.4% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 15,280 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,984,000 after buying an additional 644 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 4.2% in the second quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 3,801 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $494,000 after buying an additional 154 shares during the last quarter. Huntington National Bank boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 42.5% in the second quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 47,556 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,176,000 after buying an additional 14,188 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 16.0% in the second quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 226 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. boosted its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 3.7% in the second quarter. Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. now owns 56,029 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $7,277,000 after buying an additional 2,014 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.74% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $143.18. The company has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a PE ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $170.00. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.60 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 56.99%. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/wms-partners-llc-has-410000-stake-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Vetr upgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $157.84 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price objective (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. TheStreet lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $124.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In other Boeing Company (The) news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 104,747 shares of company stock worth $17,147,342 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video     Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Travel Destinations Holiday Types Expert Reviews Mail Travel Travel Boards MailEscapes Celebrity Travel My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad From mischievous safari animals to water sport stunts gone awry: Hilarious holiday fails caught on camera In-room massage tables and a pool worthy of a Greek mural: Inside Saint-Tropez's most relaxing (and hidden) luxury bolthole What use IS the brace position? Experts reveal how it can help you survive a crash (and why using a pillow to soften the blow is no use at all) Time is almost up for the African penguin: Double blow of overfishing and climate change may kill them off Searching for the unicorn of the sea! Looking for narwhal in the depths of the Arctic - where Inuit still eat the rare animal's blubbery meat Too hot to bear! A koala takes a dip in a flooded paddock on Kangaroo Island to cool off through the heatwave Unflappable! Max the dog is ready for Storm Doris as he goes for walkies in the windswept Lake District  Four months of darkness a year, temperatures that freeze eyeballs and the nearest town is 340 miles away: Inside the most northerly settlement in the world  The POTTERY Princess: Researchers find ancient tomb of Chinese General and his wife filled with over 100 tiny figurines Britain is braced for the coldest night of the year as temperatures are set to dip to -12C overnight with FOUR INCHES of snow blasted in by Scandinavian winds  From a heart-shaped Australian hideaway to a secluded bolthole in the Indian Ocean: For the ultimate romantic getaway try one of these stunning private islands Does this mean the end of airport queues? Fliers board planes in Amsterdam using facial recognition (and don’t even have to show their passport) 'When you need some Vitamin Sea': Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her sensational figure in minuscule gold triangle bikini as she continues sun-kissed Indian getaway If Orlando's shark doesn't get you, then the snake will: A pair of thrillseekers are gripped by two new rides swooping through Florida Algarve without golf? It’s perfect... especially if you love beaches and gastronomy Filming in the eye of the storm: Footage gets VERY close to a tornado that destroyed homes in Louisiana and injured dozens  Bristol is No1 for beards, Merseyside has the most taxis and Durham is top for Premier League players: What each UK county is best at revealed Travel expert Fred Mawer offers seven top tips for making your holidays stress-free – and saving yourself money  The other California: Follow Hollywood stars to Mexico’s vast Baja coast for sun, sea and awesome marine life It's a dragon's eye view! Incredible drone footage captures stunning Game of Thrones locations   With its little island reached by bridges and local characters to remember, Syracuse is Sicily at its eccentric best ‘I’m a lawyer too you stupid woman!’ Astonishing video captures two legal workers in furious row over an ARM REST on a flight to Spain Living like a celebrity in the City of Angels' most heavenly hotels: Inside Kim Kardashian's favourite LA lodgings and the plush star of Pretty Woman Spilt orange juice, a bat strike and a plane left 'too long in the sun': The weirdest reasons for flight delays revealed Previous Next Glamorous air hostesses, exotic ads and America's earliest planes: Captivating images trace Pan Am's 60-year history from glory to crushing bankruptcy Pan American Airlines pioneered the era of commercial flight from its bold inception in the late 1920s  It won fame as history's most iconic airline, thanks in part to its alluring adverts and glamorous cabin crew However, Pan Am was forced to declare bankruptcy in 1991 after a long and agonizing financial decline By Annabel Fenwick Elliott for MailOnline Published: 02:30 EST, 4 February 2017 | Updated: 03:02 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail 5.3k shares 262 View comments These days, mass air travel is far from a glamorous affair.  But we can only imagine how exciting it would have been when it first broke onto the scene in the late 1920s - and no carrier was more pivotal to its development than Pan American Airways. From its modest beginnings at a time when flying was still absurdly expensive (and considered far from safe), Pan Am refused to consider anything impossible and single-handedly revolutionized air travel - in part thanks to its highly effective publicity campaigns. The pioneering airline launched the world's first commercial flight across the Pacific in 1935, and over the next 30-plus years, stood at the forefront of nearly all significant advances in the industry. Pan Am's immaculately turned-out staff, too, contributed to the company’s image of friendliness, precision and reliability - but none of that was enough to save the company from crashing into bankruptcy in 1991. These photos, taken from the book Pan Am: History, Design & Identity, a recent celebration of its past, prove that despite its eventual demise, no airline has even come close in terms of its glittering legacy. Scroll down for video  From its inception in 1927, Pan American Airways single-handedly revolutionized air travel and pioneered a new era of commercial flight. Pictured, one of its Boeing 377s photographed in 1949 Its meteoric rise to success came in part thanks to its highly effective publicity campaigns. Pictured, left, an alluring ad from 1949 and right, the grinning face of an air hostess on a poster from 1950 RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next It slid into decay: Haunting images capture an abandoned... The hotel that looks like a TRAIN: Inside Japan's bizarre... Only FIVE PER CENT of the world¿s population has ever been... 'It's a great honour': Michael Palin, 73, scoops lifetime... How to upgrade your flight and make it CHEAPER than an... A Chicago landmark and an A-lister retreat in the Caribbean:... Golf, vodka or chocolate: From Danube to Rhone, a guide to... Ancient Buddhas, the Irrawaddy and a taste of colonial... My Balkan Odyssey: Cruising through Eastern Europe on a tour... Share this article Share 5.3k shares Pan Am's very first logo in 1929, left, would soon become a world-famous symbol as the airline grew, and it didn't change much over the years. The logo on the right dates to 1942 In 1929, Pan Am was one of the first companies after the Navy to acquire this twin-engined amphibious aircraft model, the Sikorsky S-38, which carried a maximum of eight passengers at a speed of 100 mph By 1932, the airline had upgraded to Sikorsky S-40 planes, which could carry 38 passengers and was marginally faster with a speed of 115 mph Passengers are seen boarding the same plane in 1932, dressed to the nines in honour of this new and staggering feat of engineering  Pan Am’s marine air terminal in Miami at Dinner Key, pictured in 1932, was privately built by the airline and on most days, eager spectators vastly outnumbered the actual passengers Pictured, left, a Marting M-130 in 1935 and right, a Sikorsky S-42 taking off in 1936. Pan Am didn't decide to end seaplane services in favour of landplanes until the mid-1940s For Pan Am to run commercial flights between the United States and Asia successfully, landing rights in Shanghai - pictured under a Pan Am Douglas DC-2 in 1936 - were essential Designs for Pan Am's colourful luggage labels through the ages, pictured from left, in 1935, 1937, 1964 and 1977 By 1939, Pan Am's growing fleet included the Boeing 314 seaplane, pictured left taking off from Washington's Puget Sound, and right, soaring over New York's Long Island Built in 1939 to handle Pan Am's sea planes, New York's art deco International Marine Air Terminal, pictured, remains the state's only surviving terminal from the first generation of air travel The Boeing 377, introduced in 1947 and pictured here in Trujillo, Peru, in 1956, set a new standard in aircraft interior design, when the passenger compartments of earlier aircraft interiors were removed to create a single open space interior Vibrant and inspirational posters advertised Pan Am's transatlantic routes, pictured left in 1940, and right, a decade later in 1950 The jet age really took off at the end of 1958, pictured, and Pan Am's immaculately turned-out staff contributed greatly to the company’s image of friendliness, precision and reliability Pan Am was the launch customer of the Boeing 707, pictured in 1960 - the first jetliner in history to be commercially successful Pictured, left, the driveway and main entrance to Pan Am's dedicated terminal in New York in 1962, and right, its grand Panorama Room Restaurant. They were located at what is now the JFK terminal A butler serves drinks in 1962 from inside the first class lounge as a gaggle of well-heeled passengers await their flight Pan Am founded the Intercontinental Hotel Corporation in the mid-1940s to accommodate its crew and passengers in destinations where upscale hotels were not yet present. Pictured, the Phoenicia Intercontinental, in Beirut, in 1962 Pictured left, the lobby of Ecuador's Intercontinental Quito in the late 1960s, and right, actor John Wayne boarding a Pan Am Boeing 707 in 1965 The next massive jump in aircraft innovation came around with the birth of the Boeing 747, pictured left under construction in 1968 and right, undergoing a test flight the following year more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Amsterdam Airport introduces easy boarding with facial recognition Watch video I believe I can FLOW: Woman tries FlowRider but falls twice Watch video Lorry driver filmed texting and eating while showing trainee the job Watch video Police body cam captures fatal shooting of teen by Baltimore PD Watch video Terrifying: Wild cobra headbutts window to try and get to three kittens Watch video 'Who had a baby?': Mum on painkiller forgets about childbirth Watch video B-2 bomber strikes at ISIS camps in Libya in January Watch video Huge bomb blasts from B-2 aircraft destroy ISIS base near Sirte Watch video Britain's worst drivers? Cringeworthy compilation video shows mayhem Watch video 100 years of Israeli and Palestinian fashion in under 2 minutes Watch video Man passes out after partner pretends to cut her hand open Watch video Behind the scenes as 'Cash me ousside' girl shoots a music video WHY DID PAN AM GO BUST?  Pan Am's lasting and positive image from its inception in 1929 is remarkable in view of its long and agonizing decline, which began in the late 1960s and noticeably affected the quality of passenger services from about 1980 onward. Perhaps the single most decisive reason for Pan Am’s decay was its inability to secure political support for acquisition of an American domestic route network in its home market.  By the time it seriously started to lobby for them in the early 1940s, it had become by far the world’s most powerful airline, and other US airlines convincingly argued that Pan Am would create a monopoly if allowed to compete with them. Over the next decades, its increasingly dire financial situation led to the gradual sale of its various divisions. In April 1985, it sold off its Pacific division -  25 per cent of its entire route network - to United Airlines. Things only worsened when, on December 21, 1988, Libyan terrorists bombed Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, resulting in 103 passenger fatalities. The airline was later slapped with a $300million lawsuit filed by more than 100 families of the flight. Pan Am was finally forced to declare bankruptcy on January 8, 1991. Its last remaining profitable assets were purchased by Delta Air Lines, and the rest faded into history. more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Amsterdam Airport introduces easy boarding with facial recognition Watch video I believe I can FLOW: Woman tries FlowRider but falls twice Watch video 100 years of Israeli and Palestinian fashion in under 2 minutes Watch video Man passes out after partner pretends to cut her hand open Watch video Behind the scenes as 'Cash me ousside' girl shoots a music video Watch video Lorry driver filmed texting and eating while showing trainee the job Watch video Police body cam captures fatal shooting of teen by Baltimore PD Watch video Terrifying: Wild cobra headbutts window to try and get to three kittens Watch video 'Who had a baby?': Mum on painkiller forgets about childbirth Watch video B-2 bomber strikes at ISIS camps in Libya in January Watch video Huge bomb blasts from B-2 aircraft destroy ISIS base near Sirte Watch video Britain's worst drivers? Cringeworthy compilation video shows mayhem Pan Am was the first airline to order the Boeing 747, pictured here in a poster from 1970 - an aircraft which is still the most recognised model in the world An advert from 1970 hailed this Pan Am plane a 'space ship' and boasted about extras including two aisles instead of one, plus wider seats and the first overhead luggage compartments Pan Am's agonizing decline began in the late 1960s and noticeably affected the quality of passenger services from about 1980, pictured Read more: Callisto Publishers GmbH | Callisto Publishers Share or comment on this article e-mail 5.3k shares ..now we have Easy Jet and Ryanair..... oh how the ... by Generation-X 518 Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (262) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Next story Is this Britain's loveliest B&B? Inside the luxurious 16th-century Cotswolds cottage where guests are disturbed only by the gentle thud of apples falling in the orchard 26 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Berenberg Indicates Potential 7.14% Increase In Shares Of Topps Tiles PLC Analysts At Berenberg Reiterated TT Electronics PLC (LON:TTG) As Hold Shares Of Tyman (LON:TYMN) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Berenberg Indicates Potential -3.71% Decrease In Shares Of UBM Plc Shares Of UDG Healthcare PLC (LON:UDG) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Sat, Feb 4th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) – Brokers Update Their Views A number of investment brokers have recently updated their price targets on shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Most recent broker ratings 01/26/2017 – Boeing Company (The) had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 200 price target on the stock. 01/26/2017 – Boeing Company (The) had its “underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at RBC Capital. They now have a USD 138 price target on the stock. 01/26/2017 – Boeing Company (The) had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a USD 162 price target on the stock. 01/26/2017 – Boeing Company (The) had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. They now have a USD 175 price target on the stock. 01/19/2017 – Boeing Company (The) had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a USD 182 price target on the stock. 12/21/2016 – Seaport Global Securities began new coverage on Boeing Company (The) giving the company a “buy” rating. They now have a USD 180 price target on the stock. 12/20/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a USD 91 price target on the stock. 12/14/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Argus. They now have a USD 185 price target on the stock. 12/13/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Wells Fargo. 12/13/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank. They now have a USD 175 price target on the stock. 10/28/2016 – Vertical Research began new coverage on Boeing Company (The) giving the company a “buy” rating. 10/26/2016 – Boeing Company (The) was downgraded to “sell” by analysts at Standpoint Research. 09/22/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Credit Suisse. They now have a USD 148 price target on the stock. 09/19/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Citigroup. They now have a USD 160 price target on the stock. 07/28/2016 – Boeing Company (The) had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan. They now have a USD 145 price target on the stock. The share price of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) was up +0.09% during the last day of trading, with a day high of 163.56. 2981662 shares were traded during the last session. The stock’s 50 day moving average is 159.60 and its 200 day moving average is 143.18. The stock’s market capitalization is 100.23B. Boeing Company (The) has a 52-week low of 102.10 and a 52-week high of 170.00. The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Its BMA segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of military aircraft and weapons systems. Its N&SS segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of the products and related services, such as electronics, strategic missile and defense systems, and information solutions, among others. Its GS&S segment provides services to aircraft and systems. Its BCC’s segment portfolio consists of equipment under operating leases, finance leases, notes and other receivables and assets held for sale. More from Reuters » Receive Boeing Company (The) News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Berenberg Indicates Potential 7.14% Increase In Shares Of Topps Tiles PLC Analysts At Berenberg Reiterated TT Electronics PLC (LON:TTG) As Hold Shares Of Tyman (LON:TYMN) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Berenberg Berenberg Indicates Potential -3.71% Decrease In Shares Of UBM Plc Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:29 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Boeing’s space taxis to use more than 600 3D-printed parts (VIDEO) Saturday February 4, 2017 11:27 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Machine Technician Jesus Conde looks into an EOS 3-D printer unit as it builds thermoplastic parts from ‘OXPEKK’ material in the Laser Melting Room at Oxford Performance Materials Inc, the maker of more than 600 parts to be used on Boeing’s new Starliner manned spacecraft, in South Windsor, Connecticut, January 31, 2017. — Reuters picSEATTLE, Feb 4 — Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space programme are being built with additive manufacturing. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a US$10 million (RM44.3 million) strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp as early as today, adding to US$15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel’s equity stake to 16.1 per cent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing’s award of the parts for its flagship space programme and Hexcel’s funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford’s parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford’s aerospace business, said in an interview. “What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight,” he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford’s parts is about 60 per cent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a US$4.2 billion Nasa contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a US$2.6 billion Nasa contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford’s parts represent. “It’s a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts,” said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. “Using Oxford’s materials takes out a lot of cost.” “Show me the data” Despite its promise and potential sales, customers and investors need to be convinced by repeatable results from printed plastics. “We’re still in the show-me stage,” Oxford Chief Executive Scott DeFelice said in an interview. “If you don’t show me the data I’m not going to believe you.” Oxford, based in South Windsor, Connecticut, started as a materials science company in 2000 and added 3D printing in 2006. It also makes aircraft parts and cranial and facial implants, as well as replacement human vertebrae. In 2012 it delved into aerospace and defense. Working with Nasa, Northrop Grumman Corp and incubator America Makes, it demonstrated printed PEKK could handle temperatures from minus 300 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit among other qualities, “It’s everything from brackets supporting the propulsion system to internal structures for the air revitalisation system,” Varholak said of the parts for Boeing’s Starliner. A technician displays a 3-D printed thrust reverser cascade printed by an EOS 3-D printer and made of ‘OXPEKK’ material at Oxford Performance Materials Inc, the maker of more than 600 parts to be used on Boeing’s maned Starliner spacecraft in South Windsor, Connecticut, January 31, 2017. — Reuters picPrinting parts is often faster and less expensive than traditional forging, machining or molding. It requires minimal tooling and touch labor, and allows companies to keep a “digital inventory” of parts, printing as needed, said Terry Wohlers, chief executive of consulting firm Wohlers Associates, which has tracked additive manufacturing for more than 20 years. Use of 3D technology is surging. Sales reached US$1 billion in 2007, jumped to nearly US$5.2 billion in 2015 and are expected to hit US$26.5 billion by 2021, according to the Wohlers Report, which analyses the sector. Several relatively small listed companies such as Stratasys Ltd, 3D Systems Corp and ExOne Co offer investors exposure. Other firms have been snapped up. General Electric last year bought a controlling stake in Swedish 3D printing company Arcam AB and Germany’s Concept Laser, and launched an additive manufacturing division. GE already prints metal parts for the new LEAP engine that powers Boeing and Airbus SA single-aisle jetliners. Aerospace already accounts for about 17 per cent of 3D printing revenue, ranking second after industrial and business machines but ahead of automotive, consumer, electronics and medical products, according to Wohlers. Aerospace is a “near perfect fit” for 3D printing because it involves complex, expensive parts made in relatively low volumes, Wohlers said. The Starliner is due to blast off for the first time in June 2018 from Cape Canaveral, and carry its first crew in August 2018. It will be launched on an Atlas V rocket supplied by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Algorithms: the managers of our digital lives Sony's new 4K Ultra HD TVs, Blu-ray player hit stores in March Google brings virtual reality to updated Chrome mobile browser Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit How algorithms (secretly) run the world ‘Final Fantasy XV’ blends free and paid add-ons with update announcement (VIDEO) Apple to start building iPhones in India Top 2017 smartphones and new Nokia handsets expected at Mobile World Congress Singing robot and 18th Century Silver Swan star in new London exhibition (VIDEO) Watch out Batman, this bladeless bat-like drone might be faster than you (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles 3D printing pioneer goes low tech with origami inspired wristwatches 3D tool helps rhinoplasty patients design their noses (VIDEO) Sensing threat, UPS plans to expand its 3D printing operations 3D printers aren’t just for hobbyists in garages Auto, aerospace industries warm to 3D printing Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Investec Asset Management LTD Increases Stake in Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Stake Lowered by Investec Asset Management LTD Investec Asset Management LTD Buys 25,339 Shares of Voya Financial, Inc. (VOYA) Investec Asset Management LTD Takes Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Investec Asset Management LTD Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Position Maintained by Haverford Trust Co. Haverford Trust Co. Has $120,000 Position in Encana Corporation (ECA) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Has $16,837,000 Position in Covanta Holding Corporation (CVA) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Has $15,354,000 Stake in Clean Harbors, Inc. (CLH) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Has $11,908,000 Stake in NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in China Distance Education Holdings Limited (DL) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Lowers Position in Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Lowers Stake in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Stake Maintained by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Acquires 911 Shares of Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) 5,677 Shares in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Acquired by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $1,550,000 Position in Boeing Co (BA) February 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC cut its stake in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 11,768 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 50 shares during the period. Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $1,550,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in BA. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 4.4% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 15,280 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,984,000 after buying an additional 644 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Boeing by 4.2% in the second quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 3,801 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $494,000 after buying an additional 154 shares during the last quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates boosted its position in Boeing by 2.2% in the second quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates now owns 4,615 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $599,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the last quarter. Huntington National Bank boosted its position in Boeing by 42.5% in the second quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 47,556 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,176,000 after buying an additional 14,188 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Boeing by 16.0% in the second quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 226 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.74% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.09% during trading on Friday, hitting $162.40. 2,981,662 shares of the stock traded hands. Boeing Co has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $170.00. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $143.18. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.60 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.50%. This is a boost from Boeing’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/03/waters-parkerson-co-llc-has-1550000-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on BA shares. TheStreet upgraded Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a report on Saturday, October 8th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on Boeing from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Argus lifted their price target on Boeing from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities started coverage on Boeing in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 price target for the company. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $152.65. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 101,174 shares of company stock worth $16,567,337. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape EMAIL BY Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press  February 5, 2017 at 1:25 PM EST Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. Photo by Danish Siddiqui/Reuters WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” RELATED CONTENT Trump's CEO meetings raise concerns among ethics lawyers Once more, Ivanka Trump steps into spotlight for her father The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. READ MORE: Column: The rise and fall of the U.S. corporation Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. — Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Donald Trump ivanka trump Uber PREVIOUS POST Asked about Putin, Trump says U.S. isn’t ‘so innocent’ NEXT POST Indiana, Pence’s home state, seeks federal OK to keep Medicaid expansion Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy How Smokey Robinson knows a good song when he sees one News Wrap: Trump to possibly offer new order on immigration What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powers to change health care Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing backlash PBS NewsHour full episode Feb. 10, 2017 MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing opposition 2 What engineers are doing about the 300-foot hole in California's Oroville Dam spillway 3 Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy 4 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now 5 What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? 1 U.S. appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump’s travel ban 2 Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers 3 Protest marks public school visit by new education secretary 4 How the House science committee may try to weaken the EPA 5 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 4   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 2   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Supreme Court hearing on 2009 defamation case against Google gets underway By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Boeing Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts #Boeing 3   05 Feb 2017 , 11:51 Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp as early as Friday, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel’s equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing’s award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel’s funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford’s parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford’s aerospace business, said in an interview. “What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight,” he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford’s parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a $4.2 billion NASA contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a $2.6 billion NASA contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford’s parts represent. “It’s a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts,” said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. “Using Oxford’s materials takes out a lot of cost.” Show me the Data Despite its promise and potential sales, customers and investors need to be convinced by repeatable results from printed plastics. “We’re still in the show-me stage,” Oxford Chief Executive Scott DeFelice said in an interview. “If you don’t show me the data I’m not going to believe you.” Oxford, based in South Windsor, Connecticut, started as a materials science company in 2000 and added 3D printing in 2006. It also makes aircraft parts and cranial and facial implants, as well as replacement human vertebrae. In 2012 it delved into aerospace and defense. Working with NASA, Northrop Grumman Corp and incubator America Makes, it demonstrated printed PEKK could handle temperatures from minus 300 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit among other qualities, “It’s everything from brackets supporting the propulsion system to internal structures for the air revitalization system,” Varholak said of the parts for Boeing’s Starliner. Printing parts is often faster and less expensive than traditional forging, machining or molding. It requires minimal tooling and touch labor, and allows companies to keep a “digital inventory” of parts, printing as needed, said Terry Wohlers, chief executive of consulting firm Wohlers Associates, which has tracked additive manufacturing for more than 20 years. Use of 3D technology is surging. Sales reached $1 billion in 2007, jumped to nearly $5.2 billion in 2015 and are expected to hit $26.5 billion by 2021, according to the Wohlers Report, which analyzes the sector. Several relatively small listed companies such as Stratasys Ltd, 3D Systems Corp and ExOne Co offer investors exposure. Other firms have been snapped up. General Electric last year bought a controlling stake in Swedish 3D printing company Arcam AB and Germany’s Concept Laser, and launched an additive manufacturing division. GE already prints metal parts for the new LEAP engine that powers Boeing and Airbus SA single-aisle jetliners. Aerospace already accounts for about 17 percent of 3D printing revenue, ranking second after industrial and business machines but ahead of automotive, consumer, electronics and medical products, according to Wohlers. Aerospace is a “near perfect fit” for 3D printing because it involves complex, expensive parts made in relatively low volumes, Wohlers said. The Starliner is due to blast off for the first time in June 2018 from Cape Canaveral, and carry its first crew in August 2018. It will be launched on an Atlas V rocket supplied by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Reuters Tags: 3d printing, Boeing, Hexcel, NASA, Oxford Performance Materials, Starliner Also read Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights X Recommended For You Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 4   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 2   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Supreme Court hearing on 2009 defamation case against Google gets underway By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Boeing Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts #Boeing 3   05 Feb 2017 , 11:51 Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp as early as Friday, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel’s equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing’s award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel’s funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford’s parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford’s aerospace business, said in an interview. “What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight,” he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford’s parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a $4.2 billion NASA contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a $2.6 billion NASA contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford’s parts represent. “It’s a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts,” said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. “Using Oxford’s materials takes out a lot of cost.” Show me the Data Despite its promise and potential sales, customers and investors need to be convinced by repeatable results from printed plastics. “We’re still in the show-me stage,” Oxford Chief Executive Scott DeFelice said in an interview. “If you don’t show me the data I’m not going to believe you.” Oxford, based in South Windsor, Connecticut, started as a materials science company in 2000 and added 3D printing in 2006. It also makes aircraft parts and cranial and facial implants, as well as replacement human vertebrae. In 2012 it delved into aerospace and defense. Working with NASA, Northrop Grumman Corp and incubator America Makes, it demonstrated printed PEKK could handle temperatures from minus 300 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit among other qualities, “It’s everything from brackets supporting the propulsion system to internal structures for the air revitalization system,” Varholak said of the parts for Boeing’s Starliner. Printing parts is often faster and less expensive than traditional forging, machining or molding. It requires minimal tooling and touch labor, and allows companies to keep a “digital inventory” of parts, printing as needed, said Terry Wohlers, chief executive of consulting firm Wohlers Associates, which has tracked additive manufacturing for more than 20 years. Use of 3D technology is surging. Sales reached $1 billion in 2007, jumped to nearly $5.2 billion in 2015 and are expected to hit $26.5 billion by 2021, according to the Wohlers Report, which analyzes the sector. Several relatively small listed companies such as Stratasys Ltd, 3D Systems Corp and ExOne Co offer investors exposure. Other firms have been snapped up. General Electric last year bought a controlling stake in Swedish 3D printing company Arcam AB and Germany’s Concept Laser, and launched an additive manufacturing division. GE already prints metal parts for the new LEAP engine that powers Boeing and Airbus SA single-aisle jetliners. Aerospace already accounts for about 17 percent of 3D printing revenue, ranking second after industrial and business machines but ahead of automotive, consumer, electronics and medical products, according to Wohlers. Aerospace is a “near perfect fit” for 3D printing because it involves complex, expensive parts made in relatively low volumes, Wohlers said. The Starliner is due to blast off for the first time in June 2018 from Cape Canaveral, and carry its first crew in August 2018. It will be launched on an Atlas V rocket supplied by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Reuters Tags: 3d printing, Boeing, Hexcel, NASA, Oxford Performance Materials, Starliner Also read Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights X Recommended For You Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Boeing’s Starliner space taxi to have over 600 3D-printed parts By admin in Uncategorized February 5, 2017 PanARMENIAN.Net – Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing, Reuters reports. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel's equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing's award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel's funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford's parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford's aerospace business, said in an interview. What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight, he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford's parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner… Post navigation Goa all set to break its own assembly voting percentage record Altria investigating if recalled tobacco products were tampered with Search for: Recent Posts Ford invests $1 billion in stealth AI startup Damnit, Grayson Allen Was Phenomenal Tonight Things To Know About Gigi Hadid and Tommy Hilfiger’s LA Fashion Show TRUMPGATOR? Bizarre ORANGE alligator sparks comparisons to USA president Musk Accuses The UAW Of Bribing Employee To Unionize Tesla Inc Archives February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter International Edition Saturday February, 11, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Commentary ANN Eye On TW Letters to the editor Washington Post China Post Reuters Los Angeles Times Bloomberg AFP AP Businesses pick sides on Trump debate By Julie Bykowicz, AP  February 5, 2017, 12:06 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ WASHINGTON -- Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. "You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly," said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. "Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis." The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being "misinterpreted" as an endorsement of the president. "I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values," Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Dimon. "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. 1|2|Next Page>> SHARE CLOSE Blogger Google+ Live Journal Plurk Stumble Upon   Tweet PREVIOUS ARTICLE How stricter rules for brokers will affect retirement savers NEXT ARTICLE May's visit to Washington stresses the value of allies Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 In a turbulent world, what is truth? 2 Self-interest sinks hopes for peace 3 US stands alone in S. China Sea 4 Does a Beijing commonwealth loom? 5 Trump inheriting turmoil 6 Taiwan cannot afford to buy friends 7 Abstentions mark a rancorous start to Trump era 8 Trump's approach is a global risk 9 Meryl Streep's Golden Globe comments deserve approbation, not dismissive tweets 10 Hedonism threatens the nation Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY February 11, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers and on the other by Trump Image Credit: Reuters People gather to protest outside the Uber offices in New York on February 2. A seat on a high-profile White House council has previously been a can’t-pass-it-up sign of prestige. Published: 16:34 February 4, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Seeking guidance Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either” instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Flip-the-table moment Shannon Coulter, one of the organisers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewellery. “Companies have been late to the game with realising how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. Angry supporters When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiralling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc, said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organising a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. More from Economy IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut UK manufacturing jump shows strong end to 2016 China cash crunch test looms Turkish wealth fund more akin to a national bank Egypt ‘investor backlog to claim funds over’ ‘Made in India’ exhibition to be held in Kuwait Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region German surplus set to fuel US friction tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNToyota follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNToyota follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyIEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Visa changes could hurt US-India ties 02Sharjah is among top ten future global cities 03Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You Hedge funds head back into government bondsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Musician charged with having gun on flightPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: Trump | boycott | Uber | Disney Boycotts, Trump's Tirades Part of New Business Landscape (AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Saturday, 04 Feb 2017 08:20 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. "You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly," said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. "Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis." The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being "misinterpreted" as an endorsement of the president. "I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values," Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Dimon. "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee program. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the "Grab Your Wallet" social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment." Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. "Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald," Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: "We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us." Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. "Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean," Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. "The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before," he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was "out of control," then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. Trump, boycott, Uber, Disney 954 Saturday, 04 Feb 2017 08:20 AM 2017-20-04 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 World Peru says wanted ex-president likely in U.S., may flee to Israel 1486756134 World Nigeria's anti-graft body seizes $9.8 million from state oil firm ex-boss 1486756988 World Peru asks world to help find fugitive ex-president Toledo 1486761389 Americas Boycotts, Trump's tirades part of new business landscape People gather to protest outside the Uber offices in Queens, New York, US, Feb 2, 2017. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:22 PM, February 4, 2017 Updated: 5:34 PM, February 4, 2017 WASHINGTON — Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Mr Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Mr Trump's first White House meeting Friday (Feb 3) with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Mr Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Mr Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Mr Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Mr Dimon. “There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,'' he said on Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Mr Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media on Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F Kennedy Airport that was in response to Mr Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee programme. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Ms Shannon Coulter, one of the organisers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Mr Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory on Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Ms Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer LL Bean faced the flip side of that. Ms Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of LL Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy LL Bean,'' Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office.  When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Mr Trump himself could take notice – spiralling the crisis to another level. Mr Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys, said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organising a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: The leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control”, then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. AP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boycotts, Trump's tirades part of new business landscape JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated PressFebruary 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File)More WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. "You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly," said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. "Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis." The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being "misinterpreted" as an endorsement of the president. "I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values," Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Dimon. "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee program. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the "Grab Your Wallet" social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment." Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. "Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald," Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: "We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us." Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. "Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean," Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. "The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before," he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was "out of control," then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. ___ Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7933 messages7%71%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 183 messages3%72%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3108 messages5%73%22% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2514 messages5%56%39% Save An Extra 30% On Los Angeles Hotels GoSeek.comSponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1257 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Anna Nicole Smith, Daughter Dannielynn Today: Part 1 This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 193 messages7%71%22% We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7968 messages5%65%30% Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boycotts, Trump's tirades part of new business landscape By Associated Press Published: 03:56 EST, 4 February 2017 | Updated: 03:57 EST, 4 February 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ¿let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.¿ (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) "You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly," said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. "Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis." The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being "misinterpreted" as an endorsement of the president. "I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values," Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Dimon. "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee program. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the "Grab Your Wallet" social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment." Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. "Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald," Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: "We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us." Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. "Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean," Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. "The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before," he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was "out of control," then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. ___ Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. FILE - In this March 6, 2015 file photo, Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. (Pawel Dwulit/The Canadian Press via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD486.79EUR518.04RUR8.30 Yerevan-9 ... 0 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Boeing's Starliner space taxi to have over 600 3D-printed parts February 4, 2017 - 12:01 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing, Reuters reports. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel's equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing's award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel's funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford's parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford's aerospace business, said in an interview. "What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight," he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford's parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a $4.2 billion NASA contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk's SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a $2.6 billion NASA contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford's parts represent. "It's a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts," said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. "Using Oxford's materials takes out a lot of cost." Related links: Reuters. Exclusive: Boeing's space taxis to use more than 600 3D-printed parts  Top stories Armenian startup to develop project for World Bank Assessing the test version provided by Fambox, the World Bank chose to startup as a partner with a 6-month contract. LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs priced between $8,000 and $20,000 B&H has released pricing on most of LG’s 2017 TV lineup, and the 2.57-millimeter-thick, 65-inch W series TV will cost $7,996. Microsoft rebuilding Xbox One dashboard for speed Detailing a new Game Mode for Windows 10, Microsoft reveals that it’s not only Windows 10 that’s getting some performance enhancements. Amazon launches anime streaming subscription for Prime members The Anime Strike channel is available to U.S. Amazon Prime members for $4.99 per month after a seven-day free trial. Partner news Loading...  Articles Clever Armenia Most important IT events of 2016  Most popular in the section FaceTime group video calls to debut in iOS 11, rumor says Amazon enables donating 0.5% of purchase price to Armenia Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion over royalties Curiosity finds new water evidence in possible cracked mud on Mars Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for February 4, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Scientists develop rechargeable battery that runs on carbon dioxide The new flow cell produces an average power density of 0.82 W/m2, which is almost 200 times higher than values obtained using previous similar methods. Fukushima reactor's radiation levels killed a cleaning robot TEPCO officials said that despite the dangerously high figures, radiation is not leaking outside of the reactor. 1st look at John Cusack, Ellar Coltrane in “Misfortune” thriller The thriller sees Coltrane finding a bag of cash that belongs to a troubled businessman (John Cusack) who will stop at nothing to get it back. VMI Worldwide picks up Wojciech Smarzowski’s WWII epic “Hatred” The film, written and directed by Smarzowski, is loosely based around a battle that took place between 1943 and 1944 in Poland. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Processing. Please wait... | Vacancy | Buisnes-partners | Site HELP | Kyrgyzstan | About Us | Our Services | RSS IMF: Kyrgyzstan is building up state debt, but can be proud of som RUS|Old version Moscow time 16:12 site search TODAY NEWS:   Homepage Finances Power EEU Health Election Politics Parliament Economics Society Crossroads Bishkek-24 Crime Incidents Business-info Sports Glance Personas Culture Central Asia C I S ARCHIVE «« « February 2017   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   FINANCES Designer Dmitry Lysogorov about secrets of Kyrgyz som (photo) More... SOCIETY Boeing 747 crash. Details about cargo More... SOCIETY Amazon explorer Jacek Pałkiewicz to visit Kyrgyzstan (photo) More... EEU Eighteen months in EEU. Trade declines, veterinary posts remain More... POWER Almazbek Atambayev. Year of openings More... FINANCES Kyrgyzstan: what will happen to dollar in 2017. Experts’ opinions More... ECONOMICS Companies to be opened in Kyrgyzstan in 2017 More... POWER What 2017 will be for Kyrgyzstan? Predictions of political scientists More... POWER Parliament of miracles or professional worthlessness championship More... POWER Cholpon Dzhakupova: I am inconvenient deputy, but Parliament did not put pressure on me More... ECONOMICS Fifth wheel of Transport Ministry, or how official may deprive Kyrgyzstan of new roads More... SOCIETY “I\'m flying back to Syria.” SMS of Vadim Arsentiev before trip to Aleppo More... SOCIETY There are drugs, but no control More... SOCIETY A [-] размер текста [+] A SECTION NEWS 06/02/17 07:17   Welcome to our new website! 04/02/17 08:07   Kyrgyzstan to begin construction of facilities for CASA-1000 project in 2018 04/02/17 07:27   General Prosecutor's Office repays almost 200 mln soms to Kyrgyzstan 04/02/17 07:09   Boeing-747 crash. 11 families provided with temporary housing at expense of state 03/02/17 11:16   Parliament to spend more than one million soms on paper  03/02/17 10:50   Follow us on Twitter 03/02/17 07:58   ‘Death groups.’ Bishkek teenagers saved from suicide 03/02/17 06:29   Russia not informed Belarus about border zone establishment 02/02/17 08:59   Kyrgyz Council of Defense considers process of fight against corruption irreversible  02/02/17 08:29   Left without housing after Boeing 747 crash people to be placed in apartments and houses 02/02/17 06:04   Games with death. Interagency group to check posts on the Internet in Kyrgyzstan 01/02/17 13:01   Regions of Kyrgyzstan have no school psychologists   Boeing-747 crash. 11 families provided with temporary housing at expense of state 04/02/17 07:09, Bishkek – 24.kg news agency, by Anastasia BENGARD 11 families, affected by the crash of Boeing-747, provided with temporary housing at the expense of the state, the press service of the government reported. Earlier it was reported that people will be provided accommodation in Manas village of Sokuluk area. According to the Cabinet, for temporary accommodation allocated apartments in Bishkek and Chui region. There are the necessary conditions for living (furniture, appliances, heating). At present, eight families received apartments, three remaining at Semetei hotel will move in the near future. Currently, the house of one family, residing in Semetei is being restored. The building is partially damaged as a result of the crash.  The hotel gave rooms for 12 families (or 49 people, including 30 adults and 19 children). 39 people, including four crew members, died as a result of the collapse of the cargo plane on January 16. 26 houses became uninhabitable. URL: http://www.eng.24.kg/community/184028-news24.html printable version      Твитнуть    Нравится   RELATED MATERIALS Exchange rate from 4 February National Bank of Kyrgyz Republic USD 69.4463 EUR 74.6131 RUB 1.1708 KZT 0.2156 UZS 0.0212 Weighted average exchange rate of som on February 3 USD 69.4300 Weather forecast 05.02.2017   night day Bishkek -24...-18 -10...-5 Talas -17...-14 -13...-7 Jalal-Abad -14...-10 -11...-5 Osh -16...-9 -8...-4 Batken -12...-8 -8...-3 Naryn -27...-24 -19...-12 Cholpon-Ata -27...-20 -14...-11 GLANCE Doctors silenced. Who is next? CROSSROADS Security services of Kyrgyzstan get into social networks. Is it funny or scary?   More... QUOTES «When we ran in the elections, we said that would even get the moon and the sun from the sky ». MP Kamchybek Joldoshbayev at a meeting of Parliament, February 2, 2017. «What have you done besides sale of donkeys to China?». Deputy Ryskeldi Mombekov to the head of State Inspectorate for Veterinary and Phytosanitary Safety Kalysbek Zhumakanov at a meeting of Parliament, February 1, 2017. DIGEST China\'s new two-child policy sparks increase in births «CNN» More... Syria Talks in Kazakhstan Get Rough Start «The Wall Street Journal» More... EU launches new project to support social protection sector in Kyrgyzstan «The Times of Central Asia» More... OSCE Offices At Risk Over Armenia, Azerbaijan Spat «EurasiaNet» More... Uzbekistan Postpones Plan For Visa-Free Travel «Radio Free Europe» More... Russia Wants to Boost Air Force Presence in Tajikistan «VoA» More... Kyrgyzstan Relaxes Registration Rules After Outcry «EurasiaNet» More... Nazarbaev Approves Big Prisoner Amnesty in Kazakhstan «Radio Free Europe» More... Soviet Uranium Mines Still Have Deadly Impact in Kyrgyzstan «The Diplomat» More... Kyrgyzstan boosts power of prime minister in referendum vote «DW» More... counters © "24.kg" News Agency. All rights reserved. All information on this web-site is intended for personal use only and is not a subject to be copied and/or transmitted in any other form other than in reference to the "24.kg" News Agency.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 8° Light snow High: 25° | Low: 19° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted February 3 Updated February 3 increase font size Tricky business in the age of Trump and Twitter Companies are forced to take sides whether on social media or serving on a presidential board. By JULIE BYKOWICZAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. Ivanka Trump models an outfit to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories and that the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. The Canadian Press/Pawel Dwulit Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the AP. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. CUSTOMER COMPLICATIONS But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” L.L. BEAN Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members on the board of the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Maine’s aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Nation & World Transgender doll heads to market Business Amazon will add Arkansas to sales tax list News Ford invests $1 billion in robotics startup as it works toward driverless car Recent Read Shared Another View: The Kelly twins offer vital data for space travel's future Another View: Labeling Muslim group 'terrorist' ill-advised Maine's aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Letter to the editor: Bearing witness to end of life remains humbling Letter to the editor: Collins respects the rules of Senate — when it suits her For Standish couple, suicide was a loving choice, relatives say Susan Collins defends her vote to silence colleague Elizabeth Warren L.L. Bean offers retirement buyouts to trim workforce by 10% Eight people (yes, 8) attend pro-Trump rally in Portland - and Twitter noticed New force in Portland politics packs a one-two punch An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > GM, IBM, Pepsi Front and Center at 'Apprentice: CEO Edition' GM, IBM, Pepsi Front and Center at 'Apprentice: CEO Edition' Feb 3, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 In his first two weeks as president, Trump has rewritten the Washington playbook for corporate America, as he has for U.S. allies. In the process, he has opened rifts between companies. More About: Trump and Manufacturing Getty Images Advertisement President Donald Trump has needled Mary Barra at General Motors Co. He’s troubled Doug McMillon at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and gone after Boeing Co., once headed by Jim McNerney. Those business leaders, and about a dozen others, sat down on Friday with Trump to talk trade, regulation and more. Welcome to “The Apprentice: CEO Edition.” In his first two weeks as president, Trump has rewritten the Washington playbook for corporate America, as he has for U.S. allies. In the process, he has opened rifts between companies over how to approach matters ranging from taxes to immigration and revealed the first cracks in companies’ tentative embrace of him, drawing criticism from some of the chief executives who were in the room Friday morning. Popular Now FINANCIAL ROUNDUP: Lifted by Elevator Unit, ThyssenKrupp Returns to Profit Rockwell Automation Technology Will Help Manufacture Human Tissue, Organs Made in USA: Growing Panes for a High-Tech Window Company And from one who wasn’t: Uber Technologies Inc.’s Travis Kalanick on Thursday quit the president’s Strategic and Policy Forum after coming under fire from drivers and customers. Trump opened the meeting while the press corps was in attendance by flattering the CEOs, calling them “the biggest and best minds in the country.” With the topic of women in the workforce on the agenda, Trump positioned Barra to his left and PepsiCo Inc.’s Indra Nooyi and IBM’s Ginni Rometty to his right. The gathering of the 18-member group, led by Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman, will give America’s first billionaire commander-in-chief a chance to reprise his “Apprentice” role on a grand scale. Business, after all, is Trump’s world. And after decades of globalization, that world is shifting rapidly as a confluence of forces, both economic and political, signal an end to an era of unbridled trade. The format for the meeting is somewhat fluid, according to a person familiar with preparations for the session, and Kalanick’s departure upsets the plans. Walt Disney Co.’s Bob Iger didn’t attend as well due to a previously scheduled board meeting. ‘Emboldened’ CEOs Later in the day, Trump is scheduled to order reviews of a requirement that investment advisers work in the best interests of their clients, and the Dodd-Frank Act, a White House official said. After introductions, the CEOs and Trump discussed topics ranging from tax reform to infrastructure, with some executives presenting prepared remarks on specific issues. “I’m pleased to have been part of a very constructive discussion on how we can all work together on policies that support a strong and competitive U.S. economy, create jobs and address safety and environmental issues,” Barra said in a statement. Barra was expected to talk about the auto industry’s desire for a second look at fuel-economy rules that the Obama administration affirmed just before leaving office. The Environmental Protection Agency mandates a fleet average of 50.8 miles per gallon by 2025, from 35.3 mpg today. Trump’s comment that automakers “are being so stymied, so restricted with regulation,” suggested that the subject had come up. Immigration, particularly sensitive for the technology industry, was at one point to be first on the agenda -- a week after Trump’s controversial action to halt immigration from seven mostly Muslim Middle Eastern countries that sparked nationwide protests and pushback from U.S. companies, including Nike Inc. and Coca-Cola Co. Kalanick and Tesla Inc.’s Elon Musk had volunteered to lead that discussion, the person said. Kalanick, who was criticized by employees and customers for engaging with Trump, told Uber staff in a memo last week that he would raise his objections directly with the president. Will the Uber co-founder’s former colleagues in the group challenge Trump? On the issue of immigration at least, “they are emboldened,” said David Johnson, CEO of Strategic Vision PR Group in Atlanta. The protests against the executive order “gives them cover.” ‘Uneasy Times’ Musk expressed his objections to Trump’s executive order on immigration and suggested changes, in what Schwarzman told CNBC were “straightforward, easy” discussions. BlackRock Inc. CEO Larry Fink, a member of the forum, sent a memo to employees Thursday about the “uneasy times,” reiterating the firm’s “commitment to diversity and inclusion” and concerns about “the backlash against globalization.” What he will say at the meeting is anyone’s guess. Given the president’s penchant for surprise attacks against companies on Twitter, and his stance as a hard-bargainer in his real-estate career, the men and women in the room may be wary, Johnson said. “The big question is what Donald Trump do they get. People say that the Donald Trump in these private meetings is different than the public Donald Trump.” Taxes were on the agenda after battle lines were drawn this week on a proposal, spearheaded by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, that would reshape the corporate code. A coalition of retailers and automakers announced its opposition to the so-called “border-adjustment tax” on Wednesday. The next day, a group of big industrial companies went public with its support. Billions at Stake At stake is billions of dollars in potential taxes. Both sides were represented at the meeting, with Wal-Mart’s McMillon against the plan and former Boeing CEO McNerney supporting it, Schwarzman told CNBC. The dueling arguments appeared to have pull with Trump, Schwarzman said. Supporters say it would boost U.S. job creation by favoring exports. Critics call it a new tax on American families -- because prices for goods would increase -- that might pay for companies that export a lot to reduce their taxes significantly. Perceived support or criticism of the president could generate boycotts on either side of the country’s partisan divide, Johnson said. “If it leaks out that they went along and didn’t say anything after taking stands publicly, their entire brand will look fake,” Johnson said. “Trump supporters will attack them as all mouth and no action. People who bought into the stand they were taking automatically turn on them.” The meeting is the latest in a series of White House events designed to allow Trump to solicit feedback from business leaders -- and burnish his image as a can-do businessman ready to strike deals. Since taking office, the president has welcomed corporate executives from the pharmaceutical and automobile industries to the West Wing, as well as union leaders and the heads of large American manufacturers. On Thursday, executives from Harley-Davidson Inc. rode their motorcycles up the south driveway of the White House.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Boeing CEO: Trump Talks on Air Force One Costs Make Progress 3 Trump Tells Ford, FCA, GM That Environmental Regulations Will Ease 1 Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff 7 Closing the Skills Gap One Apprentice at a Time PepsiCo, Johnson & Johnson, DuPont, Cisco, IBM, Mohawk Make Renewable Energy Top 25 List Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence Startup Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies Top 10 States Most Affected by Potential Trade Issues with Mexico Is Your Team Trusting or Just Polite? China Exports Surge Tainted by Fears of Trade Turmoil Apple CEO Cook: Britain Will Be ‘Just Fine’ Post-Brexit More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 7, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective 1 The Merrow Sewing Machine Co. was old, analog and grappling with its identity after 165 years as a market leader when Charlie Merrow and his brother, Owen, bought back the company in 2003. Since then, the seventh generation of Merrows has used lots of tech, namely cloud, to bring it into the 21st century and drastically change its business model....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Biggest US Asphalt Plant Shuts Just as Trump Plans Road Building An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective Why It's Not Too Late to Build Your Own Industrial Internet Platform Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  Cloud ERP Gets 43 Percent Faster Payback Embrace Disruptive Innovation with Cloud ERP The Rise of Smart Operations: Reaching New Levels of Operational Excellence Quality in the Age of the Customer More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Your in-flight movie screen is going extinct Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos free agency 4 of 5 Jeffco schools saved Colo. rafting industry Mesa County heroin bust Rockies preview Denver weather Business Airlines Your in-flight movie screen is going extinct Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Bloomberg News February 5, 2017 at 3:04 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Broncos free agency preview: Expect a busy offseason with a changing roster 16-year-old charged as adult in kidnap, sex assault of woman in Arvada There has never been a hotter February day in Denver, Colorado Springs or Pueblo Whole Foods to close 9 stores, including 2 in Colorado Evergreen dog park will likely close over health, safety and hundreds of pounds of dog poop Harrop: Is Donald Trump really running things? Leon Neal, AFP/Getty ImagesSay goodbye to watching a movie on the plane. By Justin Bachman, Bloomberg Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won’t be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don’t. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads, and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment, or IFE, is personal-device entertainment-the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. “For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE,” said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. “It’s cheap for airlines to install, there’s no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing.” The airlines ask why install seat-back monitors that will be obsolete in a few years? Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. “What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then,” said Tara Bamburg, Southwest’s manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. “We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices.” Related Articles February 7, 2017 Man wrote, then claimed to find “THERE IS BOMBS” note on Denver-bound United flight, feds say February 5, 2017 The first airport gym in the United States just opened. Expect more in the next four years. January 31, 2017 Sierra Nevada expands aircraft maintenance, conversions in Colorado Springs January 31, 2017 SuperShuttle drops DIA service to Longmont, Greeley January 30, 2017 Airlines switch flight staff to save crew from limbo of Trump ban The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 percent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. “Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they’re easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen,” the airline said in an internal note. “So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years.” And before you even ask, yes: Airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 percent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both-either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behavior is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue’s vice president of marketing. “I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone,” Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Wi-Fi won’t conquer international fleets just yet because seat screens are a staple on long hauls. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television “vital” for people who are flying. “There is destination TV … and it doesn’t matter how many Hollywood movies you have,” he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don’t have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn’t decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokeswoman Catherine Sirna said in an e-mail. “Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options,” she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favor of streaming. “We’re just seeing the way customers are traveling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops,” United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn’t have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin’s domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said the company hasn’t yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin’s fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal services requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Airlines Man wrote, then claimed to find “THERE IS BOMBS” note on Denver-bound United flight, feds say February 07, 2017, 4:14 pm A man who allegedly wrote a bomb threat and pretended to find it in the plane’s bathroom said he did it to get help for his problems, according to police. The first airport gym in the United States just opened. Expect more in the next four years. February 06, 2017, 7:21 am A new fitness gym at Baltimore Washington International Airport is the first of about 20 planned at airport around the U.S., part of a recent push for healthier options for travelers that include yoga rooms, walking tracks and healthy food options. Sierra Nevada expands aircraft maintenance, conversions in Colorado Springs January 31, 2017, 3:25 pm Sierra Nevada Corp. is investing millions into an aerospace park near Colorado Springs Airport to maintain and customize military and private aircraft. SuperShuttle drops DIA service to Longmont, Greeley January 31, 2017, 5:14 pm SuperShuttle International, the region’s largest shuttle company serving Denver International Airport, has stopped shuttle service to Longmont and dropped its Greeley/Evans route. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK RwandAir, Wirecard deal to ease booking, ticket payment By: Peterson Tumwebaze Published: February 06, 2017 Business Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments A RwandAir plane after takeoff at Kigali International Airport. The airline has opened another channel for travellers to book and pay for flights online. / File More in Business Standards body quality management systems receive global certification Travellers with RwandAir will now find it easier to book and pay for flights online following a deal signed with European firm, Wirecard Group, to facilitate the process. Wirecard is one of the world’s leading providers of electronic payment solutions. John Mirenge, the RwandAir chief executive officer, said the deal is in line with the airline’s commitment to continuously improve service delivery and boost efficiency. Mirenge said the partnership allows RwandAir passengers to book and pay for flights online using cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Diners/Discover, JCB, China, UnionPay and Maestro. “Wirecard’s global coverage and optimum technical structure will ensure smooth online booking and ticketing experience for passengers,” he said at the deal signing event in Kigali. He added that the initiative will also support efforts by the government in promoting a cashless economy. Eckart Reiche, the head of sales airlines at Wirecard, said the collaboration with RwandAir confirms the firm’s commitment to Africa as well as our readiness to support the rapidly growing airline industry on the continent. Reiche lauded RwandAir as an “innovative partner” that uses new technology and services to optimise processes, costs and profits. “Therefore, our role as the technology provider is to support the airline with the most convenient and efficient payment solution that will help boost service delivery,” Reiche added. About Wirecard The Wirecard Group supports all sales channels with credit card acceptance. The firm is also a principal member of Visa and MasterCard and has license agreements with JCB, American Express, Discover/Diners, UnionPay and UATP. Last year, RwandAir received East Africa’s first wide-bodied brand new Airbus A330s in a triple class configuration and Africa’s first Boeing 737-800NG equipped with in-flight connectivity on a line-fit program. This year, the airline is expected to expand into long haul operations and increase frequencies on routes with increased demand; more routes on the continent will be launched with another Wi-Fi connected Boeing 737-800NG joining the young fleet mid-2017. Meanwhile, RwandAir will start flights to Harare, Zimbabwe and Mumbai in India will commence on April 1 and 3, respectively. According to an announcement by the airline, flights to Harare will be daily and tagged to the existing Lusaka (Zambia) route. The national carrier will operate direct flights on the Mumbai route, four times a week using “our young Bombardier and Boeing Next Generation fleet that offer a state-of-the art dual class cabin”. “We are delighted to enable new and seamless connections between more African cities and beyond the continent which creates more businesses and boosts the various countries’ social and economic development,” said Mirenge. The two new destinations will take RwandAir’s growing network to 21. More routes Mirenge said the airline will enter more markets soon, including Conakry, Guinea, Bamako in Mali, as well as Dakar, Senegal, Lilongwe in Malawi and Durban, South Africa. Presently, the airline operates 19 destinations, including Nairobi, Entebbe, Mombasa, Bujumbura, Lusaka, Juba, Douala, Dar es Salaam, Kilimanjaro, Cotonou, Johannesburg, Dubai, Lagos, Libreville and Brazzaville. The IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) certified airline also plans to start flights to Gatwick, London’s second-busiest airport, and to the US this year as part of its strategy to serve more global markets. Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular [PHOTOS] Miss Rwanda 2017: 15 head to boot camp REMA mulls creation of artificial lake at Gikondo Industrial Zone Address by President Kagame at the Retreat of AU Heads of State and Govt RwandAir, Wirecard deal to ease booking, ticket payment Police explain dismissal of 200 officers Understanding dementia Chemotherapy: Tips on how to cope Local artistes rock Rubavu Letters Must parents have written contracts with children? Seth Farmers must be supported to tap into new opportunity Nomiga Africa, be aware of GMOs! Mwene Kalinda [LETTERS] Kudos to the residents of Gatsibo Kigali Girl » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments9 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Education D.C. program aims to curb need for remedial college math The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Phelps High School students study mitosis during the after-school program. Three D.C. high schools, including Phelps High School, are getting more access to science, technology, engineering and math programs through a new program. (Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post) By Alejandra Matos By Alejandra Matos February 5 While graduation rates are on the rise in D.C. public high schools, many students who go on to college find that they face a significant academic deficit: They are forced to take remedial math. But the D.C. College Access Program wants to change that. The nonprofit organization is testing a privately funded after-school program focused on improving achievement in math and science high school courses so that once students get to college, they do not have to enroll in costly courses that do not count toward a degree. “We know students often develop this anxiety in math and science. They shut themselves down because they decide ‘I am not good at that,’ ” said DC-CAP President Argelia Rodriguez. “The idea is to turn that notion around, so we can instill in every single student that they have ability to achieve in science and mathematics.” Graduation rates in the city’s traditional public and public charter high schools have risen from 59 percent in 2011 to 69 percent in 2016. But data collected by DC-CAP from a sample of its students suggests that a large share of public high school graduates end up needing remedial math. Colleges often require students with weak academic records to take remedial courses to help them catch up to classmates. Experts say students end up paying more for tuition and fees because remedial courses can delay them from graduating on time. A study released last April by Education Reform Now, a think tank, showed that 1 in 4 students have to enroll in remedial classes their first year of college, costing families nearly $1.5 billion. [Remedial classes have become a hidden cost of college] With funding from Boeing, DC-CAP has opened science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) “ready centers” at three high schools. There, tutors help freshmen with math and science homework and use games and other activities to review challenging concepts such as systems of equations. At least two days a week, Dawnye Murchison, a 14-year-old freshman at Phelps Architecture, Construction and Engineering High School, spends time after school reviewing algebra and biology with classmates. Murchison wants to go to North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University and is interested in becoming a doctor. First she will need to remember how mitosis works. Recently Murchison and nine other students, led by several tutors, worked through the stages of the cell-division process. The students had to explain each phase in the process and draw it out on their desks using dry-erase markers. The STEM center has helped Murchison understand what her science teacher is explaining in class. Murchison said she likes that things can get competitive in the after-school program. [White House welcomes young science advisers] “We get to do math contests to see who can answer the questions the fastest, and we have a contest on who can draw the animal and plant cell the fastest,” she said. Shayla Stafford, the instructional coach at Phelps, said D.C. Public Schools adopted a more rigorous math curriculum this school year, and the pace of the instruction makes it hard for students to catch up if they don’t understand something. She said the STEM center helps keep them on track. “I am really grateful that the program is here and the students are definitely excited about going to STEM, so much so that I can’t get them to come to their reading program,” Stafford said. Rodriguez said that DC-CAP plans to add other incentives for the students, such as scholarship money for getting A’s in math and science courses, and will begin offering the program to sophomores next school year. The organization also wants to expand the program to three additional schools by the 2018-19 school year. In addition to Phelps, DC-CAP has STEM centers at Columbia Heights Educational Campus and Washington Mathematics Science and Technology Public Charter High School. “We are in a city that offers all this opportunity, and then we have our students who are not quite ready to take advantage of it, so the idea is to close that gap so that when they do get out of college they can go out and get good jobs,” Rodriguez said. “If we can prove that this works in D.C., it can be replicable in any urban school system in the country.” local education Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local education Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 9 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 9 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one evening? It happens tonight. 2 Wind was not a factor in fatal Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel truck crash, authorities say 3 University apologizes ‘with heavy hearts and great embarrassment’ for Hitler Valentine’s Day card 4 It’s about 50 degrees warmer than normal near the North Pole, yet again 5 Protesters briefly block Education Secretary Betsy DeVos’s visit to a D.C. school Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local education Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs account executive; outside sales Miller's Supplies at Work delivery driver Miller's Supplies at Work sr. research analyst Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Meet The 22-Year-Old MIT Student Making History As A NASA Engineer National Latifah Muhammad @thelatifah | February 5, 2017 - 4:21 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: WBRC A 22-year-old college student is leading the new generation of pioneering black women depicted in Hidden Figures. Tiera GuInn is a Rocket and Structural Design and Analysis Engineer working on the space launch system that Boeing is constructing for NASA. Guinn, who will graduate form MIT with a 5.0 GPA, is designing the “largest and most powerful” rocket in history. READ: Aerospace Engineer Jeanette Epps Becomes First African-American Astronaut To Board The ISS “It’s really humbling,” she told Alabama news station, WBRC . “I design components for the rockets themselves and then I analyze them to make sure they’re structurally sound.” Guinn was only 6 years old when she began doing math exercises with her mother. “When we would go to the grocery store she was get me to clip coupons, put it in my coupon organizer, and by the time we’d get to the register I had to calculate the exact total, including tax. “ “One day I saw a plane fly by and I just had this realization, ‘I can design planes. I’m going to be an aerospace engineer,’” she continued. “So every middle school class that I chose, it was directed towards that goal. The high school that I chose, that took me an hour to get to everyday, it was because I wanted to be an aerospace engineer.” Guinn pulls inspiration from Hidden Figures (her favorite movie), and wants to see more diversity her in field. “You should see a black woman as rocket propulsion engineers, as rocket structural and analysis and design engineers. You should see more women in CEO positions.” While Guinn has yet to reach her personal “success point,” she offered some sound advice for anyone chasing a dream. “You have to look forward to your dream, and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it,” she said. “No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing.” READ: Pharrell Williams Joins ‘The Breakfast Club’ To Discuss “Hidden Figures     Tags: NASA 0 Recommended for you ‘Hidden Figures’ Lands Atop Box Office With $22.8 Million In Ticket Sales Aerospace Engineer Jeanette Epps Becomes First African-American Astronaut To Board The ISS President Obama Wants Our Next Move To Be To Mars Stream B.o.B. And London Jae’s ‘NASA’ Mixtape New Music: Akon Feat. Young Thug And OG Boo Dirt ‘Nasa’ $70 Million Per Seat For Space Flight? Russia Charging NASA $70 Million Per Seat On Shuttle Comments Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories A Definitive Track Ranking Of Lil Kim's 'Hard Core' Album How '2Pacalypse Now' Marked The Birth Of A Rap Revolutionary NEXT: Lady Leshurr Is Birmingham, UK's Dose Of Rap Girl Magic VIBETRIBE Podcast: A Boogie & Don Q Are Playing For Keeps This Year Vibe.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard.com / Hollywoodreporter.com / Spin.com / Vibe.com / Deathandtaxesmag.com / Stereogum.com
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 16 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Edible Arrangements Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Priority Mechanical Services Ltd Home News Your inflight movie screen is going extinct | Feb 05, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Your inflight movie screen is going extinct Hamilton Spectator By Justin Bachman Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won't be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don't. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads, and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment (IFE), is personal-device entertainment — the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. "For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE," said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. "It's cheap for airlines to install, there's no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing." The airlines ask: Why install seat-back monitors that will be obsolete in a few years? Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. "What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then," said Tara Bamburg, Southwest's manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. "We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices." The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 per cent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. "Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they're easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen," the airline said in an internal note. "So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years." And before you even ask: Yes, airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 per cent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both — either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behaviour is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue's vice-president of marketing. "I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone," Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Wi-Fi won't conquer international fleets just yet because seat screens are a staple on long hauls. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television "vital" for people who are flying. "There is destination TV … and it doesn't matter how many Hollywood movies you have," he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don't have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn't decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokesperson Catherine Sirna said in an email. "Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options," she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favour of streaming. "We're just seeing the way customers are travelling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops," United spokesperson Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn't have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin's domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokesperson Bobbie Egan said the company hasn't yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin's fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal service requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Bloomberg | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today Treat your dog to stress-free grooming Canine Clipper Professional Dog Grooming in Cambridge wants to make sure dogs receive the same... A taste of the country at Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a quaint country store located in the heart of Waterloo County... Meet the new owners of Good Boys Duct Cleaning Services Kevin and Chantelle Wilson are pleased to introduce themselves as the new owners of Good Boys Duct... Why you should eat at a restaurant that sources local ingredients At Ginger Express in Cambridge, they believe that every dish they serve should be the best it can... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Dealing with dental insurance King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo wants to make dealing with your insurance provider as simple... Rainbow Eavestroughing: Superior products, professional services Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener provides professional workmanship with superior products that... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... The art of holiday shopping made easier by local gallery The holidays are almost here and the staff at the Canadian Clay & Glass Gallery in Waterloo wants... How-to guide: The best way to buy blinds There's really only one way to buy window coverings, and that's in the comfort of your home, with... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Fashion forward and community minded salon and spa in Waterloo Element Hair is Waterloo Region's destination studio, offering full hair services, Element Hair... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE NEWS UNALIGNED Farmers need to embrace social media 'conversation' Cambridge man to sleep 90 days in cold tent to raise awareness for the homeless Preliminary preferred route for light rail transit into Cambridge unveiled Payless in talks over restructuring plan that includes closing 1,000 stores PreviousNext What the Fluff? American lunch box icon turning 100 Happy 60th, RRSP The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
toggle menu Be The Boss Kids Edition She's the Boss Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Fashion Health MN Business Parenting WATCH MORE WATCH MORE Shooting for the Stars: At Age 22 Tiera Guinn is Already a NASA Engineer February 5, 2017  |   By Toya Sharee 0 Comments Some might say the success of the film “Hidden Figures” can be found in the display of the #BlackGirlMagic that can happen when women of color pursue STEM careers. The life of Tiera Guinn closely resembles that of Mary Jackson who was played by Janelle Monae in the award-winning film. Huffington Post reports that at just age 22, Guinn works as a Rocket Structural Design and Analysis Engineer for the Space Launch System that aerospace company Boeing is building for NASA. In this position, Guinn designs and analyzes parts of a rocket that she said will be one of the biggest and most powerful in history. Guinn’s childhood included aspirations to be an aerospace engineer at a very young age and a mother who constantly helped her keep her math skills sharp even if they had some grocery shopping to do at the same time: “When [my mom and I] would go to the grocery store, she would get me to clip coupons [and] put it in my coupon organizer.” “By the time we got to the register, I’d have to calculate the exact total, including tax. And I did that since I was six years old.” “One day I saw a plane fly by and I just had this realization, ‘huh, I can design planes. I’m going to be an aerospace engineer.” Once Guinn set a goal, she didn’t allow anything to get in the way of her progress, even commuting an hour to the high school that would best suit her career path. Guinn is set to graduate from MIT with a 5.0 and won’t need any shooting stars to grant her success. She says she wants young women to follow in her footsteps, but also to be prepared that it may not be an easy journey at times: “You have to look forward to your dream and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it. No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing. And you have to understand that nothing comes easy. Keeping your eyes on the prize, you can succeed.” Trending on MadameNoire View Comments Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Popular Stories Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair MN Business Health Terms of Use Advertising About Contact Us MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2017 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural Let's make a compromise! Would you disable your Ad Blocker for us if we disable some ads for you? Yes, I've disabled my Ad Blocker
Business Technology Focus ViaSat: Betting big on satellite broadband with upcoming launch ViaSat: Betting big on satellite broadband ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg Mike FreemanContact Reporter About eight years ago, ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg bet the company he co-founded on satellite broadband, eventually spending $1 billion to transform a technology considered barely better than dial-up into a service that smoothly streams YouTube video. At the time, the space industry didn’t believe ViaSat could build a satellite with more capacity than all the other Internet satellites in orbit combined. And even if it did, there wasn’t enough demand to justify the cost of the satellite and distribution network needed to sell satellite Internet service which, while better, still fell short of cable and many telephone company alternatives. Today ViaSat-1, which launched in 2011, is full with 700,000 Internet subscribers. In addition, the satellite powers in-flight Wi-Fi on more than 500 commercial aircraft from JetBlue, American Airlines, United Airlines and Virgin America, delivering video streaming speeds to each seat. ViaSat-1 also provides in-flight Wi-Fi to Air Force One and other government VIP aircraft. The uptake for ViaSat-1 affirmed Dankberg’s belief in satellite broadband. So the company has doubled down, and then some. It plans to launch ViaSat-2 in late March/early April. The satellite will blast off from French Guiana on an Ariane 5 rocket. At around 300 gigabits per second capacity, the new satellite has about twice the bandwidth of ViaSat-1. The added horsepower will enable faster speeds and bulked up monthly data allowances so subscribers can watch more online video.   “There are more and more over the top services – DirecTV Now, HBO Now,” said Dankberg in an interview.  “There is just an enormous demand for bandwidth.” The new satellite also will expand coverage beyond North America and into Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, parts of South America and over the Atlantic Ocean. ViaSat-2 represents the latest test to Dankberg’s strategy of engineering satellites to maximize speed and economical bandwidth in hopes of mitigating the Achilles heel of satellite Internet – costly ground equipment/installation, data usage caps and latency. “We are not perfect but we are markedly better than (satellite Internet) used to be,” said Dankberg. “With ViaSat-2, we will be a lot better than ViaSat-1.” If ViaSat gets it right, the market for satellite Internet might expand beyond its traditional niche of farms and mountain cabins. “The better we can make our service, the bigger our market,” said Dankberg. “But that doesn’t mean we are going after people who have Google Fiber. What we are trying to do is go after a bigger segment of people who don’t have those speeds.”  ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. ViaSat ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. (ViaSat) ViaSat-2 is the second act in ViaSat’s plan to dramatically expand bandwidth in orbit. The third act is being pieced together at a company-owned facility in Arizona, where workers are assembling payloads for ViaSat-3 – a three satellite constellation slated to begin launching in 2019. Each ViaSat-3 satellite will have 1 terabit-per-second maximum capacity – more than triple that of ViaSat-2. When all are in orbit, the company will have near global coverage. Boeing will build the satellites to carry ViaSat-3’s broadband payloads into space. According to ViaSat, the first two ViaSat-3 satellites will have twice the combined capacity of the 400 communications satellites in orbit today Meanwhile, the all-in cost of building, launching and insuring each ViaSat-3 satellite is expected to be the same as the all-in cost of ViaSat-2, or around $625 million. In theory, that should allow ViaSat to deliver more bandwidth to customers at good prices. “I think the pace of innovation has been faster in satellite than in terrestrial communications,” said Michael Crawford, an analyst with B. Riley & Co. ViaSat “has been very disruptive.”  Some analysts are skeptical of ViaSat’s broadband ambitions, however. Wilton Fry of RBC Capital Markets wrote in a research report that the company initially believed it could pack 1.5 million subscribers on ViaSat-1. It ended up filling the satellite with just 700,000 subscribers – perhaps signaling that the company had to serve up more bandwidth than expected to subscribers to counter competitive pressure from non-satellite alternatives. Dankberg said the company is “far more concerned with the financial results than the number of customers we have. One of the things that has worked well for us is we have given more bandwidth to fewer people.”    ViaSat faces direct competition from Hughes, owned by EchoStar. Hughes launched its second high capacity Jupiter-2 satellite in December, with an estimated throughput of roughly 200 gigabits per second.  It will be delivering Internet service months before ViaSat-2 is up and running. Longer term, skeptics contend cable and fiber optic lines eventually will branch out beyond cities and into satellite’s rural stronghold. In addition, the roll-out of 5G cellular will beef up download speeds and capacity on terrestrial wireless networks, providing an alternative to satellite. And there are new competitors such as OneWeb, which in December got a $1 billion investment from Japan’s SoftBank. It proposes a constellation of 900 small, inexpensive low-orbit satellites globally with 10 terabits per second total capacity. They would offer low latency compared with bigger, high orbit satellites such as ViaSat’s. San Diego’s Qualcomm is an investor in OneWeb. “ViaSat faces a triple whammy over the next 15-plus years, the lifetime of a satellite: Fixed-line coverage build-out, mobile technology (7G by 2030?) and low earth orbit satellite systems designed to bring global broadband coverage,” said  Fry, the RBC analyst. Dankberg has doubts about the business models, timing and capabilities of some rival solutions. Even so, he thinks there is plenty of demand for bandwidth to go around – not only from households but also from airlines for in-flight Wi-Fi, high-speed connectivity for cruise ships at sea, oil and gas exploration data streaming, border surveillance video monitoring and other government demands. “In 2020 if things go well, we’ll have three or four terabits up there,” he said. “The world market for bandwidth is probably going to be over 1,000 terabits.” ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. Eduardo Contreras/Union-Tribune ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. (Eduardo Contreras/Union-Tribune) At the cavernous Boeing Commercial Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo, everything seems super-sized:  Ceilings seven stories from the floor, a 100-ton door guarding a thermal chamber that mimics the extreme temperatures in space, a pool size vibration table to simulate the violent shaking during launch. Even here, ViaSat-2’s size stands out compared with the other satellites under construction. It weighs as much as 4.5 Toyota Camrys.  When fully deployed, its solar panels equal the wingspan of a 767 airliner, generating power equivalent to 300 60-watt light bulbs. It contains 23 miles of electrical wiring. ViaSat forbid pictures of the satellite.  Four years ago, the company filed a lawsuit against the builder of ViaSat-1, Space Systems Loral of Palo Alto. It charged Loral with copying ViaSat’s patented payload designs and giving them to arch rival Hughes. In 2014, a San Diego jury found in ViaSat’s favor and ordered Loral to pay $283 million in damages.  After a federal judge called for a new trial on the damage award, the companies settled for $100 million. ViaSat’s current residential Internet plans start with 12 megabits per second download speeds for $60 a month. For residential subscribers, there are usually data usage caps for satellite Internet hovering in the 10 to 30 gigabits per month range, which can be gobbled up quickly for subscribers who stream Netflix regularly. Still, satellite Internet is winning market share in rural areas, where speeds for wire line DSL can top out at 2 megabits per second, said Llluc Palerm, senior analysts with Northern Sky Research. About 14 million U.S. households are outside the cable/DSL footprint or have slow DSL service, according to industry estimates.  ViaSat and Hughes combined have only about 1.7 million subscribers on their current ViaSat-1 and Jupiter-1 satellites. “The market penetration is still tiny compared with the total addressable market,” said Palerm. “ViaSat-2 and Jupiter-2 might be able to support 1 million extra subscribers each. So even after these new launches, there is still more market to cover.” The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. Beretta Bryan / Creative Services The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. (Beretta Bryan / Creative Services) ViaSat hasn’t disclosed details of the Internet plans it will offer with ViaSat-2. But analysts speculate they could start at 25 megabits per second. As for monthly data caps, Dankberg said the company hopes to have enough bandwidth so usage limits won’t be an problem for most subscribers.  “We would like to make it where 85 percent or 90 percent of people would never go above them,” he said. One way ViaSat aims to ease the data-cap problem is with flexibility. It has designed ViaSat-2 so some of its bandwidth can be directed where there is peak demand, which usually occurs between 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. “The bandwidth in the evening rolls across the country from East Coast to West Coast as people watch Netflix,” said Crawford, the B. Riley & Co. analyst. “You can move some beams around to where there is demand.” ViaSat is more than an Internet service provider. Its Satellite Services division accounts for just 40 percent of $1.48 billion trailing 12 months revenue as of Sept. 30.  The company also has large government/defense communications hardware and services arm, which provides 43 percent of revenue. And it designs airborne antennas and ground equipment for itself and other commercial satellite operators globally. Satellite Internet and defense, however, have been the main drivers of the company’s 52 percent increase in revenue since ViaSat-1 entered orbit in the fall of 2011.  There is a pent up appetite in the U.S. for satellite Internet, since existing satellites have been full for more than a year,  said Tim Farrar of Telecom Media and Finance Associates. “The purpose of the ViaSat-2 launch is to get back on track where they can add customers and also improve the service to keep pace with the improvements in terrestrial technology,” he said. With the upcoming ViaSat-3 launches, however, it’s less clear if there is a market globally, said Farrar. Some 470 million people worldwide don’t have good Internet access, according to industry estimates. But many of them can’t afford to pay hundreds of dollars for ground equipment and installation, plus a $50-$60 per month subscription fee.. “Maybe they only have $20 a month,” said Farrar. “So a lot of things ViaSat has done in the U.S., it is really unclear whether they can take those lessons and apply them directly to the broadband market in other parts of the world.” The first two ViaSat-3 satellites – aimed at the Americas and Europe/Middle East/Africa – are slated to launch six months apart starting in 2019. These satellites will be able to deliver 100 megabit per second residential Internet service – enough to power 4K video streaming. The third satellite is targeting Asia with an undetermined launch date. ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers ViaSat ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers (ViaSat) ViaSat-3 satellites are expected to have a lower cost per bit than ViaSat-2. That  could benefit ViaSat as it figures out how to serve global markets where affordability is key, according to analysts. One example of a potential business model is creating satellite Wi-Fi hotspots in villages. Residents could tap into the hotspots using their smartphones, prepaying for data use in a way similar to prepaid cellular plans, said Dankberg. “You can see in the poorest towns in Mexico, the kids have smartphones,” he said. “They want to do the things that other kids do. The underlying demand is universal. The way you package and fulfill that demand will be different than in other markets. But to me those are more tactical issues than fundamental issues.”   Caption Charter-Spectrum drops Univision channels Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Caption Charter-Spectrum drops Univision channels Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Caption Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen is bringing a hip London club to Hollywood Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen will turn the Redbury Hotel in Hollywood into a club for entrepreneurs. (Jan. 31, 2017) Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen will turn the Redbury Hotel in Hollywood into a club for entrepreneurs. (Jan. 31, 2017) Caption Sony Pictures gets a $1-billion 'wake-up call' amid a slump at the box office and in DVD sales The disclosure comes weeks after Sony Pictures Entertainment announced Chief Executive Michael Lynton will step down from a job he has held for 13 years.  The disclosure comes weeks after Sony Pictures Entertainment announced Chief Executive Michael Lynton will step down from a job he has held for 13 years.  Caption Who is Elon Musk? Elon Musk launched Zip2 Corp., a supplier of software to create local Internet media and electronic-commerce sites. (Jan. 26, 2017) Elon Musk launched Zip2 Corp., a supplier of software to create local Internet media and electronic-commerce sites. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Dow hits 20,000 for the first time A months-long rally has recently been propelled by President Trump’s promises of business-friendly policies. (Jan. 25, 2017) A months-long rally has recently been propelled by President Trump’s promises of business-friendly policies. (Jan. 25, 2017) mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Alec Baldwin's SNL scenes as Donald Trump, ranked 1-10 ICE raids spark immigration fears, rumors in California and on social media 'I know they are going to die.' This foster father takes in only terminally ill children US Politics Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 60°
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive West Boylston facility can fix expensive machinery Sunday Feb 5, 2017 at 6:00 AM By Christine M. Quirk, Correspondent WEST BOYLSTON - Let's say a manufacturer's expensive piece of machinery - like a thread mill, or an end mill - stops working properly. Such specialized tools are expensive to replace. Enter Emuge Corp., a German-based precision cutting tool manufacturer with a facility in West Boylston, where a company's malfunctioning end mill can be made good as new. Though Emuge has production and manufacturing plants all over the world, company president Bob Hellinger said the West Boylston location is the only one in North America. “We service our market in North America, in the United States and Canada,” he said. “We have 200 distributors, customer service and tech support, all here, and we are the only one in the United States.” Emuge was founded in Germany in 1920, and in the last century has grown to have facilities in Czechia (formerly the Czech Republic), China, and Brazil. The company builds the tools that manufacturers uses to make their products, and are utilized by such companies as Boeing, General Motors, and Audi. The tools are considered the high end of the industry, Mr. Hellinger said, and as such, are more costly than tools from competitors. For that reason, Mr. Hellinger said, offering a refurbishing option is not only good customer service, it’s cost-effective. Tools are inspected when they come in, to be sure they can be fixed. Then they are retooled to the original design specifications. Though the West Boylston facility has been open since 2006, the reconditioning service was launched in 2015. “When tools are used and worn, we regrind and reprint them, and make them close to new,” Mr. Hellinger said. “The parts are all expensive to begin with, so for a third of the cost, we can give the customer a product that’s like new.” Relatively speaking, it’s a local service. The tools can be retooled and delivered domestically, rather than being shipped overseas Emuge's German plant. Emuge is also able to make specific tools for specific needs, say, if a company needs a thread mill which has to be a millimeter shorter or wider. Those adjustments can be made on site. “We’re able to do an altered standard,” Mr. Hellinger said. “We can take tools and adjust them to the casting needs.” The company oversees such products from beginning to end. “We go to them, and see what they’re doing, and make recommendations,” Mr. Hellinger said. “If they can’t come in to try them, we do it for them right here. We write the computer programs, come up with a solution, and make the videos so they can see exactly how it runs. .. If they give us what they need, we can create the prototype, and do the cuts.” Along with the training center, the West Boylston facility has a design team, a customer service center, a warehouse, and a production floor. The biggest challenge, Mr. Hellinger said, might be finding skill machinists to run their new machinery, and to that end, he has reached out to local community colleges. “We have the resources to develop the talent,” he said. “We can buy all the machines we want, but we need skilled workers to run them." About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The Boy Scout Troop 1 “Scout Shack,” just east of the intersection of Nassau and 34th streets in Everett, will host an open house 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. Once a military barrack at Paine Field, the building is in need of repairs. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Julie Muhlstein Everett Boy Scout troop fundraising to renovate ‘Scout Shack’ Julie Muhlstein Sun Feb 5th, 2017 8:56pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Its history stretches back 103 years, but Everett’s Boy Scout Troop 1 is taking steps to bring its rustic meeting place into the new millennium. The troop, chartered by Everett Elks Lodge No. 479 in 1914, is inviting the public to visit its “Scout Shack.” An open house is scheduled for 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. The building is a World War II-era barrack donated to the Elks and moved from Paine Field. For decades, boys from Troop 1 have met at the shack, which is tucked away just east of the intersection of 34th and Nassau streets in Everett. The site backs up to a woodsy ravine. And the building, not far from Providence Regional Medical Center Everett’s Pacific Campus, has seen better days. Benjamin Hayes, Troop 1 scoutmaster, said the open house is an opportunity to show the need for renovations. “We are looking for donations to fix the place,” said Hayes, a 30-year-old Boeing engineer and troop leader for two years. The Scout Shack has electricity and heat, but is now without running water or a flush toilet. Hayes and 77-year-old John Estie, who for years was the Everett Elks liaison officer to Troop 1, said the group needs a minimum of $5,000 for repairs. “It’s hard to get new families to join the troop if we don’t have basic amenities,” Hayes said. The scoutmaster said there are now just five boys in Troop 1, the fewest allowed for the group to continue. Troop 1 is part of Boys Scouts of America’s Mount Baker Council, which includes scouting groups from Snohomish, Skagit, Whatcom, Island and San Juan counties. According to a brief history of Troop 1 on the group’s website, “Everett has the distinction of having the oldest continuous Boy Scout Troop west of the Mississippi.” Council Scout Executive Duane Rhodes, who heads the Mount Baker Council, said he was asked to confirm that claim in 2014 for the Troop 1 100th anniversary celebration. The Boy Scouts’ national records from a century ago are spotty, Rhodes said. “They do not know who the oldest troop anywhere is,” he added. What is known is that Troop 1 was chartered in February 1914 by C.G. Sheldon of the Everett Elks, and that the Elks Lodge has supported it ever since. Rhodes said 70 percent of Boy Scout troops nationally are chartered by churches, and most meet in churches or schools. In the Mount Baker Council, which serves 7,000 boys, he knows of only two troops meeting in their own headquarters. A troop in Lynden also has its own building, he said. “Lots of troops are now using churches, school district buildings, very modern up-to-date places to meet,” Estie said. “We are definitely of the old, old, old school. We’re lucky to have electricity and hopefully water soon.” Everett’s Mike Jones said his 12-year-old son Hunter, an Evergreen Middle School student, is proud to be part of a troop with a unique history. “The leadership is really helpful in making sure he knows the materials he is working on to get his ranks and merit badges,” he said. Hunter also likes the troop’s service projects, among them park clean-ups and Christmas tree recycling, Jones said. The annual Christmas tree pick-up in north Everett is a fundraiser for Troop 1. Hayes said the recent project raised close to $1,800. Troop 1 plans to go to Fire Mountain Scout Camp near Mount Vernon this summer, and Hayes said all fees will be paid by the group. “Last year we went to Ape Caves at Mount St. Helens. And we went gold panning last summer,” he said. “I want the kids to have new, educational experiences they wouldn’t get inside a classroom.” Hayes and Rhodes said they welcomed the 2015 Boy Scouts of America policy change that now allows gay adults to serve as Scout leaders. And just last week, the organization opened its membership to transgender boys. “Public opinion has been shifting — for the better,” Hayes said. After years of declining Boy Scout membership, “it started going back up last year,” Rhodes said. “The growth is especially good in Cub scouting, and we think that bodes well for the future.” As the organization evolves, Estie hopes people stop by a scouting landmark in Everett on Wednesday. “The shack is badly in need of some repairs,” Estie said. “The troop is kind of hanging on by our shoestrings. Hopefully, the open house will generate some excitement.” Julie Muhlstein: 425-339-3460; jmuhlstein@heraldnet.com. Open house Everett’s Boy Scout Troop 1 has scheduled an open house at its “Scout Shack” 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. The building is just east of the intersection of 34th Street and Nassau Street in Everett (look for balloons and signs). Donations are needed to repair the building, and Troop 1 seeks more members. For information, email Scoutmaster Benjamin Hayes: benjaminrhayes86@gmail.com Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Considerable cloudiness. High 53F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early then partly cloudy and windy overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. AP Companies feel squeeze of politics in Trump era Feb 5, 2017 Updated Feb 5, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashions. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead, he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott of the ride-sharing company. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would be satisfied only when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum. Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter. Retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Ben Sasse takes issue with Trump's tweet referring to 'so-called judge' who blocked travel ban On ABC’s "This Week," the Nebraska senator also talked about comments the president made to Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly about Russian leader Vladimir Putin. “There is no moral equivalency between the United States of America — the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world — and the murderous thugs that are in Putin’s defense of his cronyism," Sasse said.  Federal appeals court denies Justice Department request to reinstate Trump's travel ban Trump says Pence will head investigation into voting irregularities, despite lack of evidence of fraud Tags Company Commerce Politics Economics Ivanka Trump White House Grab Your Wallet Nordstrom Bob Iger Travis Kalanick Recommended for you Featured Businesses Parsow's | A World of Fashion for Men and Women 120 Regency Pkwy, Omaha, NE 68114 402-397-7900 Ashland Golf Club 16119 Highway 6, Ashland, NE 68003 402-944-3344 Custom Cruises & Travel 10914 Elm St, Omaha, NE 68144 402-393-3436 Omaha Symphony 1905 Harney St, Ste 400, Omaha, NE 68102 402-345-0606 Heartland Properties - Bruce Guill 535 W Bdwy, Ste 100, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-388-2249 Bethany Heights 11 Elliott St, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-8228 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:44pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Will In-Flight movies become extinct? 6:09 PM Sunday Feb 5, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airlines Internet Technology The determining factor on airplanes is poundage. Photo / File Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won't be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don't. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment, or IFE, is personal-device entertainment-the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. "For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE," said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. "It's cheap for airlines to install, there's no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing." Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines Co. deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. "What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then," said Tara Bamburg, Southwest's manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. "We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices." The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 percent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. "Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they're easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen," the airline said in an internal note. "So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years." Continued below. Related Content How Facebook dominates the internet Juha Saarinen: The internet, humanity's new laboratory Hackers steal millions of PlayStation and Xbox players' details in major breach And before you even ask, yes: Airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 percent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both-either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behavior is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue's vice president of marketing. "I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone," Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television "vital" for people who are flying. "There is destination TV ... and it doesn't matter how many Hollywood movies you have," he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don't have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines Inc. has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn't decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokeswoman Catherine Sirna said in an e-mail. "Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options," she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favor of streaming. "We're just seeing the way customers are traveling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops," United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn't have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin's domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said the company hasn't yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin's fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal services requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion True Commercial Freeman's Bay site has development plans An industrial property on the fringe of Auckland's central business district has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 11 Feb 2017 22:44:40 Processing Time: 472ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Lockheed: Mano a Mano for Air Force T-X Contract? By Paul Ausick February 2, 2017 8:50 am EST Print Email Tweet Just last week one of five potential bidders dropped out of the race for a $16 billion U.S. Air Force contract to supply 350 new T-X training jets. On Wednesday, another potential bidder did the same thing. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC) and its partner BAE Systems said in a brief statement: “The companies have decided not to submit a proposal for the T-X Trainer program, as it would not be in the best interest of the companies and their shareholders.” Raytheon Corp. (NYSE: RTN) and its Italy-based partner Leonardo pulled out last week after the two companies could not agree on the business details of their partnership. The Northrop decision leaves just Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) as the remaining confirmed bidders on for the contract, although privately held Sierra Nevada is said to be working on an entry, and Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) may be looking at doing so as well. Perhaps the most interesting thing about Northrop Grumman’s decision is that the company has already spent money developing a flying prototype. Although the company offered no details, it is possible that the Air Force’s final request for proposal in December included a requirement that the Northrop plane doesn’t meet and can’t meet without costly rework. And cost is becoming what this competition is all about. President Donald Trump has made it clear that he is watching spending and is prepared to hammer defense contractors whose costs he believes are too high. Both the Raytheon and Northrop planes were based on existing designs and were believed to be aiming at a low-cost target. Of the remaining competitors, Boeing has offered a clean-sheet design, while Lockheed Martin is going with a modified version of Korea’s T-50. Sierra Nevada has been reported to be considering a modified Turkish plane, but neither it nor Textron is willing to say definitively whether it either will submit a bid. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Merrill Lynch Out With Top Sector Picks for 2017: 7 to Buy Now Why Merck’s Q4 Earnings Aren’t Enough for Investors » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT), Northrop Grumman Corp (NYSE:NOC), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), Textron, Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' Bob Bryan Feb. 3, 2017, 11:00 AM 10,392 facebook linkedin twitter email print Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images President Donald Trump met on Friday with executives from some of the biggest companies in the world. The President's Strategic and Policy Forum is headed by Stephen Schwarzman, the CEO of the private-equity giant Blackstone, and includes executives from JPMorgan, BlackRock, General Motors, Disney, and Boeing. Trump called the assembled group the "best and brightest" and said he wanted to hear from its members about issues such as taxation, regulation, and job creation. "We're bringing back jobs, we're bringing down your taxes, we're getting rid of your regulations, and there are some really exciting times ahead," Trump told the assembled business leaders. Trump said his administration was going to be "coming out with a tax bill soon and a healthcare bill even sooner." The president also described the impact he hoped to have on certain industries. Trump said he hoped to talk to JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon about revising the Dodd-Frank financial regulation. Trump's administration announced that Trump planned to sign an executive order on Friday to direct the Treasury to review and revise the rule. "There is nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," Trump said, referring to Dimon. "So he has to tell me about it, but we expect to be cutting a lot from Dodd-Frank because I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money. They can't get money from the banks — they just can't get any money because the banks won't let them borrow because of rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money. Trump also praised Larry Fink, the CEO of BlackRock, saying he used to have money in BlackRock's funds and Fink got him "great returns last year." (Trump has repeatedly said he sold off all of his stocks in June, though he has not provided documentation.) Schwarzman also addressed the group and said the point of the forum was to "advise the government as to areas we could do things a lot better" and that it was "important to mobilize the nongovernmental sector." On the agenda, Schwarzman noted, was immigration. Numerous business leaders have spoken out against a recent executive order by Trump temporarily banning entry to the US by people from seven majority-Muslim countries. Travis Kalanick, the CEO of Uber, was named a member of the group but announced Thursday that he would not be participating. Uber had been the target of protesters who took issue with Kalanick's participation on the forum amid Trump's temporary immigration ban. Additionally, Disney CEO Bob Iger did not attend because of a scheduling conflict. Trump told the executives that he hoped to meet with them on a monthly or quarterly basis going forward to address business issues. Trump also praised Friday's jobs report during the meeting. "227,000 jobs, great spirit in the country right now," said Trump, talking about the headline jobs gains for the month of January. "I think it's going to continue, big league." SEE ALSO: Trump is expected to sign executive orders that would repeal 2 huge Wall Street regulations NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin Loading video... More: Donald J. Trump Donald Trump Stephen Schwarzman facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' President Donald Trump met on Friday with... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Defence policy The Observer UK faces massive rise in costs to fix stealth fighter Trump tweets and software problems heighten concerns over advanced jet The first of Britain’s F-35s in flight last year. Photograph: Matt Cardy/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Ewen MacAskill Saturday 4 February 2017 16.31 EST Last modified on Friday 10 February 2017 11.47 EST Britain is being forced to pour millions of pounds of new funds into the troubled F-35 stealth fighter programme being developed in America and considered a vital part of the UK’s future defences. The F-35, being built by the US in partnership with countries including the UK, is the costliest weapon ever developed by the Pentagon. It is scheduled to go into service in the UK in 2018 and into full production in 2019, and is intended to be a cornerstone of UK defences for decades to come, flying off two new aircraft carriers. But huge problems remain unresolved, in particular with the F-35’s advanced software, on which the whole project rests. The software is supposed to be the plane’s “brain”, running everything from ensuring a steady supply of parts to relaying masses of data to the pilot’s visor during combat. President Donald Trump has twice tweeted about the F-35, saying the programme, whose cost has jumped from $233bn in 2001 to around $379bn now, was “out of control”. He has asked his defence secretary, General James Mattis, to conduct a review and has suggested looking at alternatives such as Boeing’s F-18 Super Hornet. Any such shift would leave the UK, which has invested heavily in the F-35, seriously exposed, renewing questions about British reliance on the US. However, on Friday the president approved an $8bn order for the latest batch of 90 F-35s at an improved unit cost below $100m per jet, amid competing claims about how this saving had been achieved. The F-35 was scheduled for completion in 2012 but finally began service with the US Marines and air force only last year, flying even though the software problems remain unresolved. The fighter jets are scheduled to fly off the UK’s two new aircraft carriers, scheduled from around 2020, and by 2018 from RAF Marham in Norfolk, which is being upgraded for their arrival at a cost of £142m. Five have been sent to the UK so far. The British government has refused to publish an estimate of the overall cost of the 138 F-35s it is to buy, as well as its contribution to development costs, but the figure will run into the tens of billions. In a damning assessment, Michael Gilmore, director of the US office of operational test and evaluation, who reports directly to Mattis, cited the software, the Autonomic Logistics Information System (Alis), as one of a number of problems likely to cause delays. The estimated cost of Alis is about $17bn. In his annual report, published by Congress on 4 January, Gilmore predicted that the initial operational test and evaluation, scheduled for August 2017, would not begin until late 2018 at the earliest and more likely early 2019. The SNP’s Douglas Chapman, who is a member of the UK defence committee, put down a parliamentary question to the Ministry of Defence asking if, in the light of Gilmore’s report, the UK would have to provide additional funding. Defence minister Harriett Baldwin, in a reply on 26 January, said: “The Ministry of Defence has made a funding allocation for future development of Alis as part of the F-35 follow-on modernisation programme.” She added: “I am withholding details of this funding as its disclosure would prejudice commercial interests.” In a 2013 report, the Pentagon said any delays or problems with Alis could add $20bn to the F-35 programme cost. While the US would have to pick up most of that, the UK would have to pay a share. Baldwin said that testing on Alis was expected to be completed by February 2017. But Gilmore’s report suggests that may be overly optimistic. Asked about Gilmore’s report, the MoD said: “We are committed to the F-35 programme, which remains on time and within costs, and believe it offers the best capability for our armed forces.” Chapman said he was not reassured by Baldwin’s response. “We would like far more transparency on big-ticket items such as the F-35,” he said. “The F-35, in terms of capability, is absolutely crucial to the defence of the UK but there are still significant questions. This does not fill people with confidence that everything is as tightly managed as it should be.” He emphasised the vital part software plays in modern warfare, citing the malfunction in the Trident nuclear missile that resulted in a failed test-firing by HMS Vengeance off the coast of Florida last year. Lockheed Martin, which is producing the F-35, referred questions about Alis to the Joint Program Office, which coordinates the US air force, navy and army and the 12 nations involved in the project, including the UK. Joe DellaVedova, public affairs director of the JPO, said: “The F-35 programme continues to make steady progress, tracking to plan on our key schedule milestones and performance parameters, as well as improving overall affordability of the weapons system.” More news Topics Defence policy Royal Navy Royal Air Force Weapons technology Military Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Politics › Defence policy Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON Business Feb. 05, 2017 - 06:00AM JST ( 7 ) FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK — Amazon isn’t content just being the “everything store.” Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon’s latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air.” The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Jan 30, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It’s an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it’s just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. “It’s not a big surprise,” Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon’s Kentucky announcement. “By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days.” E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It’s no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. “It’s hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,” Roberson said. “Amazon is still not mature.” To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest “an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities” — at least double what it’s already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. “You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,” said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 7 Comments Login to comment 0 sf2kFeb. 05, 2017 - 11:32AM JST it's not their core business, so I don't expect them to understand it. Also given their maniac hiring and firing of staff rivalling that of Japanese overtime, they are wholly unsuited 3 HaiDesuFeb. 05, 2017 - 12:37PM JST Amazon is a highly innovative company as history has shown. Although they had a few losses, they are willing to take chances and for the most part they have been successful. Besides the actual products sold, Amazon is vertically integrating to save costs. I think they will be successful in this endeavor. By having their own delivery service and even though Amazon would be cutting in to the profits of their courier partners by not paying them for delivery services, any of them would be foolish to refuse business from Amazon. If all the couriers refused to deliver for Amazon, it would give Amazon more reason to exclusively deliver their own products and in time would steal business from the other courier's business once they have a better infrastructure in place. 1 TokyoSince1983Feb. 05, 2017 - 01:55PM JST Consider these FedEx results: Fiscal 2016 / Fiscal 2015 Revenue $6.72 billion / $6.70 billion -- Operating income $757 million / $322 million -- Operating margin 11.3% / 4.8% -- Adjusted operating income $757 million/ $598 million If Amazon can cut out that middleman and could pass the savings (FedEx's profit) to its buyers, then where is the downside for Amazon? Of course there will be a learning curve for Amazon to have its own cargo plane network, but think of the effect of having a plane being loaded by robots at a fulfillment center, then unloaded in Japan 12 hours later, with a day for customs clearance and delivery a day or two after that? As it is hundreds of US malls are going out of business, the very same way that they caused local stores to be shuttered. The buying populace wanted THAT change and now this is the latest reality. 0 toshikoFeb. 06, 2017 - 04:31AM JST Macy, Sears,, and Kmart were closed in USA. Amazon is very popular. Peop'e used to go stores to see products,, then maillrdered to Amazon. Sometime ago last year, rumored it will create drone delivery service to compete against UPS. 0 Educator60Feb. 06, 2017 - 02:41PM JST TokyoSince1983, "but think of the effect of having a plane being loaded by robots at a fulfillment center, then unloaded in Japan 12 hours later, with a day for customs clearance and delivery a day or two after that?" I got the impression that this article was only about domestic US delivery. And Amazon Japan has its own fulfillment center/s here. I usually take delivery a day or two after ordering even though I live about as far from their center as you can get and still be in Japan. I can see that what you envision might be happening in the future for items not available locally, but I wonder how big of a market there is for such items? 0 toshikoFeb. 06, 2017 - 09:28PM JST I agree with Educator. In USA,,, too many theft on delivered packages. UPS either knock door or push bell button. Not everybody has homesecurity camera system installed at front door. 0 lostrune2Feb. 07, 2017 - 03:36PM JST The last family package was delivered by Amazon, on a Sunday If theft is an issue, have it delivered instead to a nearby 24-hr distribution center, and pick it up there yourself at your leisure Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight When, Where, and How to Wear Kimono Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Top Jobs in Japan, Feb 11-17, 2017 Japan Today CareersJobs Romantic place to spend Valentine’s Day TableauxDining Special Offers 5th Annual AJE Summer Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in Business Japan's farm, fishery produce exports hit record high in 2016 Feb. 11, 2017 - 01:45PM JST ( 6 ) Tokyo office vacancy rate up in January Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:28AM JST ( 0 ) Robust China trade data a boon for Asia as protectionist risks loom Feb. 11, 2017 - 05:34AM JST ( 0 ) Takata expecting big loss from U.S. air bag recall fine Feb. 11, 2017 - 05:27AM JST ( 0 ) Tokyo stocks surge after Trump promises tax reform announcement Feb. 10, 2017 - 03:59PM JST ( 5 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Nearly half of married couples sexless in Japan: survey 54 2 Trump considering 'brand new order' after travel ban halted 39 3 Insults fly back and forth online over baby carriages 16 4 Trump, Abe discuss security alliance, trade 13 5 Off to Florida 10 View all Jandworld Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:43PM JST Its always a bit awkward to be no1, now its the first " visitor ", lets… Posted in: Trump, Abe discuss security alliance, trade Robert pearce Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:42PM JST 52c at Lightning Ridge today. The home Australians national gem stone the Black Opal. Many Japanese… Posted in: Nearly 50 fires rage in heat wave in eastern Australia itsonlyrocknroll Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:42PM JST That beef looks temptingly delicious with a dollop of freshly made horseradish sauce. Posted in: Japan's farm, fishery produce exports hit record high in 2016 Strangerland Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:36PM JST Hmm that's twice I've seen 'pre-911 mindset' today. I'm guessing it's the new talking point on… Posted in: Trump considering 'brand new order' after travel ban halted gaijin playa Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:33PM JST im married to a cute little j-bird myself, and sex has never been a problem for… Posted in: Nearly half of married couples sexless in Japan: survey View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Solo Star: Syd Takes Center Stage With New Album ‘Fin' Celebrity Awkward! Anthony Anderson Reveals His Mother Taught Him About Oral Sex Celebrity Tamron Hall Opened Up About The Challenges Of Finding Love In Interview Taped Prior To Today Show Exit Celebrity 'Orange Is The New Black' Star Danielle Brooks Opens Up About Diverse Female Leads And Beauty More ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Dope Stuff On My Desk: A Pair Of Swoon-Worthy Nine West Heels And More Fun Finds Fashion Front Row Divas: Celebs Taking New York Fashion Week By Storm Street Style All The Fabulous Street Style Looks During New York Fashion Week Fashion 14 Cozy Picks To Get You Through Winter In Style More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Products & Tools 9 Irresistible Scents You Should Slip Into His Grooming Routine Beauty Black Beauty History: The Effortless Glam Of Donyale Luna Beauty 23 Black Beauties Covered In Brilliant Body Ink Beauty 13 Genius Solutions For Dry Hands More Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair All Of The Stylish Tresses Spotted During New York Fashion Week 4C 5 Easy Tips For Maintaining Healthy 4C Hair Natural 3 Things That Are Probably Making Your Winter Hair Drier Hair Color Tip Tuesday: Monica's Hair Colorist Tells Us How To Get Healthy Platinum Strands  More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: My Friend Doesn't Want My Advice On Her 'Situationship' But Bad Talks My Marriage Love & Sex The Sexiest Couples' Valentines Day Gift Ideas For Every Freak Level Love & Sex 10 Unexpected Reasons Couples Have Trouble Getting Pregnant More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Money & Career The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Black Girl Magic SPONSORED: #BlackGirlMagic: Celebrating the Drive for Black History Month Money & Career A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Lifestyle Delicious Grammys-Inspired Cocktails To Sip While You Wait For Beyoncé's Performance More Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing News These Super Bowl Champions Refuse To Visit Trump In The White House  News Nick Jr. Debuts Its First Biracial Character News Could Tamron Hall Be The Next 'Live' Co-Host? More News Politics Culture Videos “New Edition Story’s” Woody McClain Responds To Criticism About Dating "White Women” Tweet Essence Live Kelly Rowland On Why Raising A Black Boy Is So Special Essence Live Keep Calm: Kelly Rowland's Latest Book 'Whoa Baby!' Will Keep New Mothers From Freaking Out Essence Live Sister Circle! Kelly Rowland On Her BFFs Ciara, LaLa And Serena Williams More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival 5 Times Teyana Taylor's Vocals Blew Us Away 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Performer Yuna Tackles Love's Greatest Challenge In New Video "Unrequited Love" 2017 ESSENCE Festival This June's Diary Rendition Of 'Lift Every Voice And Sing' Will Give You Goosebumps 2017 ESSENCE Festival LISTEN: Stay Inspired & 'Movin' With ESSENCE Festival Performer Sir The Baptist More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home Culture #BlackGirlMagic: This 22-Year-Old Is MIT Student And Already A Space Engineer RELATED GALLERY 19 Must-See Movies With Black Star Power See Photos By Paula Adhiambo Rogo Feb, 04, 2017 Tiera Guinn is already making history in her own way. With Hidden Figures bringing the contribution of black women at NASA into the national conscious, a 22-year-old MIT student is currently making history as you read this. Tiera Guinn has yet to graduate with her degree in aeronautics and astronautics, but she is already working as a Rocket Structural Design and Analysis Engineer for the Space Launch System Boeing is building for NASA. The rocket, which will become the most powerful rocket in history,is intended to take people to Mars. Always somewhat a wiz in math, Guinn always knew she wanted to be a space engineer. Her mother started honing her math skills early at the grocery store, and she made sure she took the right classes that eventually led her to MIT. “When [my mom and I] would go to the grocery store, she would get me to clip coupons [and] put it in my coupon organizer,” Guinn told WBRC News. “By the time we got to the register, I’d have to calculate the exact total, including tax. And I did that since I was six years old.”  Guinn told WBRC that she cried when she met Margot Lee Shetterly, the author of the book Hidden Figures movie is based on. But she also knows that there many other black and brown girls who will be looking at her career success. Her advice:  “You have to look forward to your dream and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it,” she told the Huffington Post. “No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing. And you have to understand that nothing comes easy. Keeping your eyes on the prize, you can succeed.” She is showing us that you can aim for the stars, literally! Read More More From Essence Culture Smithsonian Establishments Explore How Stereotypes Shape American Culture Culture Throwing 'Shade' Has Officially Been Added To The Dictionary Culture The Beyoncé Pregnancy Backlash Is Unwarranted  Culture These 'Bad & Boujee' Coffee Mugs Are The Must-Have Item Of The Season Culture Watch This Viral Teacher Do a Different Secret Handshake With Every Student Culture Alvin Ailey's Hope Boykin On The Journey To Becoming Comfortable In Her Own Skin  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Filed under: Black Girl Magic, Culture Latest News Smithsonian Establishments Explore How Stereotypes Shape American Culture Feb 10 Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing Feb 10 The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Feb 10 These Super Bowl Champions RefuseTo Visit Trump In The White House Feb 10 This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Feb 10 A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Feb 10   Previous The Beyoncé Pregnancy Backlash Is Unwarranted  Next 5 Things We Learned About Keyon Harrold, The Musician Who Brought Miles Davis' Sound To The Big Screen SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2016 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Business Highlights The Associated Press Associated PressJanuary 31, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share ___ Apple snaps out of iPhone slump, but for what's next? SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Apple has snapped out of the first sales slump in the iPhone's decade-long history, but the upturn doesn't mean that the pioneering company has broken out of its innovation funk. If anything, the numbers released Tuesday in Apple's fiscal first-quarter report served as the latest reminder of the company's growing dependence on the iPhone while fruitlessly trying to come up with another breakthrough product since its chief visionary, Steve Jobs, died in 2011. ___ A rare swing and miss from Under Armour in 4Q; shares plunge BALTIMORE (AP) -- Under Armour, typically a star on earnings day, suffered a rare miss in the fourth quarter, sending shares plunging 23 percent. The company's extended streak of soaring revenue growth going back years rose 12 percent, just over half what the Baltimore company has established as its norm. ___ Stocks battle to a mixed finish as drugmakers rally NEW YORK (AP) -- US stocks finish mixed as industrial companies and banks fall, but investors bid up stocks that pay big dividends, like utilities. Health care companies rally after a meeting between President Donald Trump and drug company executives. The Dow Jones industrial average falls as recent gainers like Goldman Sachs and Boeing decline. ___ At a moment of uncertainty, Fed likely to leave rates alone WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Federal Reserve is all but sure to leave interest rates alone when it ends a policy meeting Wednesday at a time of steady gains for the U.S. economy but also heightened uncertainty surrounding the new Trump administration. ___ CEO Jeff Bezos says Amazon backs suit opposing Trump order SEATTLE (AP) -- Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos says the Seattle-based company supports a lawsuit filed by Washington state's attorney general against President Donald Trump and the administration over Trump's executive order on immigration and refugees. Fellow Washington state-based companies Microsoft and Expedia are also supporting the suit, which was filed in U.S. District Court in Seattle on Monday. ___ Exxon reports big drop in 4Q profit, takes gas write-down DALLAS (AP) -- Exxon Mobil posted its smallest quarterly profit in more than 17 years as low oil and gas prices pushed the company to write down the value of some natural gas holdings in the United States. The 40 percent decline in fourth-quarter profit capped Exxon's weakest year since 1998. ___ Pfizer swings to 4Q profit after rough year, hikes 2017 view Drugmaker Pfizer Inc. is forecasting slightly higher sales and profit this year after a difficult 2016, though reduced spending on overhead and lawsuits helped it swing to a fourth-quarter profit, following a loss a year earlier. The biggest U.S. drugmaker still missed analysts' profit expectations, but it edged past revenue expectations. ___ US consumer confidence slips in January from 15-year high WASHINGTON (AP) -- U.S. consumer confidence slipped this month after surging to a 15-year high in December. The Conference Board says its consumer confidence index dropped to 111.8 in January from a December reading of 113.3, which had been the highest since August 2001. ___ Trump to sign order strengthening cybersecurity WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order to improve the government's ability to protect its computer networks and fend off hackers. The move puts the Office of Management and Budget in charge of cybersecurity efforts within the executive branch and directs federal agency heads to develop their own protection plans. Such a review has become a familiar move for an incoming administration. This year, it follows allegations of election-season hacking by the Russian government. ___ Wal-Mart dumps its version of Amazon Prime for new path NEW YORK (AP) -- Wal-Mart is replacing a program that offered free shipping but had an annual fee with one that has a lower free shipping threshold and faster delivery. It's one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, whose company Jet.com Wal-Mart bought last year as it hopes to answer Amazon's powerful Prime membership success. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average sank 107.04 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,864.09. The S&P 500 lost 2.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,278.87. The Nasdaq composite gained 1.07 points to 5,614.79. U.S. crude oil rose 18 cents to $52.81 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, added 47 cents to $55.70 a barrel in London. Natural gas fell 12 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $3.12 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.61 a gallon. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7936 messages7%71%22% Plenty O' Fish (40+) Mature Quality SinglesSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 183 messages3%72%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3108 messages5%73%22% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2514 messages5%56%39% Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1257 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Anna Nicole Smith, Daughter Dannielynn Today: Part 1 This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 193 messages7%71%22% We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7968 messages5%65%30% Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search × What's a serial entrepreneur to do when the world is topsy-turvy? Chicagoans should not throw away O'Hare's shot Why Chicago trading firms have a Twitter crush Outgunned by Slack, a Chicago entrepreneur comes back with a new startup Lawyer William Schopf saved Music Box. Now he wants to save Michigan from bad wine. Why Cat won't be the last Chicago-bound HQ Why did the mayor abandon Get In Chicago? Walgreens is just like the rest of us: In the dark about Obamacare's future If one Citadel is good, could two be better? The U.S.'s first organic farm REIT is based in Evanston × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 03, 2017 Editorial Chicagoans should not throw away O'Hare's shot The news that Caterpillar is transplanting its C-suite execs to Chicago from Peoria underscores the primacy of an asset many Chicagoans take for granted: O'Hare International Airport. O'Hare offers Chicago-based companies easy connections to cities all around the globe, and that convenience was a major factor in the relocation decision for Caterpillar—as well as for ADM, ConAgra, GE Healthcare and Boeing before it. City Hall understands O'Hare's importance to the regional economy. After all, the airport directly employs about 42,270 people and generates roughly $110 million in taxes—though the ripple effects of airport-related commerce can be felt throughout the Midwest. While O'Hare remains a powerful economic engine, its vitality isn't guaranteed. In fact, as Crain's John Pletz and Greg Hinz noted in the Jan. 30 issue, the city's crown jewel has lost some luster. Between 2002 and 2015, the latest full year for which data are available, O'Hare was the slowest-growing airport among its peers. And O'Hare has trailed the most in international flights, the aviation industry's fastest-growing sector.... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search × What's a serial entrepreneur to do when the world is topsy-turvy? Chicagoans should not throw away O'Hare's shot Why Chicago trading firms have a Twitter crush Outgunned by Slack, a Chicago entrepreneur comes back with a new startup Lawyer William Schopf saved Music Box. Now he wants to save Michigan from bad wine. Why Cat won't be the last Chicago-bound HQ Why did the mayor abandon Get In Chicago? Walgreens is just like the rest of us: In the dark about Obamacare's future If one Citadel is good, could two be better? The U.S.'s first organic farm REIT is based in Evanston × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 04, 2017 By Kristen Schorsch What's a serial entrepreneur to do when the world is topsy-turvy? An elder statesman among Chicago entrepreneurs, Glen Tullman has invested in at least 20 businesses over the years. What's his advice in this new era? Keep calm and carry on. Glen Tullman practically lives on an airplane. As he crisscrosses the nation drumming up business for his diabetes management startup Livongo Health, his constant companion is a black briefcase. Depending on the day, the case brims with running shoes, the blood sugar meter that is his company's key product, gear for presentations, energy bars and magazines as varied as his list of investments. He scans about 70 periodicals a month looking for his next big idea... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Science Spacebound First Look GAO safety concerns may delay first SpaceX crewed spaceflight Government inspectors want SpaceX to replace a 'crack-prone' component of its rocket engines before it begins launching people into space. Tragic experience has led to a very high bar for safety measures. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Inhabit Should pollinating drones take over for honeybees? Trump's One China policy ‘reset’: new realism or tactical retreat? On Iran's revolution day, a message sent with bigger crowds, fewer anti-US taunts The new ISIS threat: its soldiers are going home Cover Story America's new ministers Popular Now Inhabit Should pollinating drones take over for honeybees? Trump's One China policy ‘reset’: new realism or tactical retreat? On Iran's revolution day, a message sent with bigger crowds, fewer anti-US taunts First Look Close brush between US, Chinese planes in South China Sea 'unsafe,' says Navy First Look Ancient landslide took a 'massive bite' out of Australia, say scientists Photos of the day 02/10 SUBSCRIBE A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, carrying 10 Iridium NeXT communications satellites, lifts off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, on Jan. 14, 2017. About nine minutes later, the first stage returned to Earth and landed successfully on a barge in the Pacific Ocean south of Vandenberg. SpaceX/AP/File | Caption Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly February 3, 2017 —US astronauts may have to wait even longer for their new ride to space. Officials from the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found safety problems with the turbine blades that pump fuel into the engines of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket, according to The Wall Street Journal. Investigators characterized the "crack-prone parts" as a major safety risk that may require a redesign. That could delay the first crewed launch of the Falcon 9, recently pushed back from spring 2017 to sometime in 2018, even further. Since the end of the NASA's space shuttle program in 2011, US astronauts have been hitching rides on Russian Soyuz rockets while private companies develop a replacement vehicle. The GAO’s findings, to be released in an upcoming report, set back SpaceX’s effort to provide that new spacecraft. Safety concerns have also delayed its main competitor, Boeing. For Americans eager to see astronauts blast off from Cape Canaveral again – and the companies who want to provide the lucrative hardware – these delays might seem interminable. But from NASA’s standpoint, spotting and fixing design flaws before launch is vital to ensuring the safety of future astronauts. In Pictures Deliveries in space: the SpaceX mission NASA has already told SpaceX that the cracks pose an unacceptable risk for crewed flights, as The Wall Street Journal reported. The key word here is “crewed.” Since its founding in 2010, SpaceX has flown several successful cargo missions and satellite launches, and hopes to launch one rocket per week within a few years. More frequent launches will probably mean faster safety inspections. That may prove feasible for satellites and cargo craft. But experience shows that applying a rigorous launch schedule to crewed missions can have deadly results. On Jan. 27, 1967, three weeks before its planned launch, the Apollo 1 spacecraft experienced a fire that killed three astronauts, which critics attributed to NASA's rush to get astronauts to the moon before 1970. Almost exactly 19 years later, on Jan. 28, 1986, the space shuttle Challenger exploded during launch, killing all seven astronauts on board. On the thirtieth anniversary of the tragedy, Space Safety Magazine’s Michelle La Vone explained that “NASA had committed the Shuttle to an impossible schedule even before it entered in service in order to ensure funding. Over time, NASA management had grown increasingly impatient with the technical delays that operating such a complex machine required.”  Bob Ebeling, an engineer at NASA contractor Morton Thiokol, tried to warn his superiors that the cold temperatures on Cape Canaveral could cause the Shuttle’s O-rings to fail, as they did on the launch. "Had they listened to me and wait[ed] for a weather change, it might have been a completely different outcome," he recently recalled to NPR.  Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × After a Falcon 9 exploded on the launch pad last year, SpaceX worked for four months before resuming satellite launches. But before regulators entrust private firms with human astronauts, they will insist on troubleshooting and eliminating risks that the launchers of cargo craft are often willing to absorb to save time. As the Journal reported in December, "Further delays are possible – and may be likely, according to NASA’s inspector-general for both companies," SpaceX and Boeing. What'd we miss? What'd we miss? We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up In Pictures Deliveries in space: the SpaceX mission First Look NASA hails 'patriot and a pioneer' Eugene Cernan, the last man on the moon By Weston Williams First Look SpaceX loses $195-million satellite in rocket explosion By Christina Beck Photos of the Day Photos of the day 02/10 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 0 °C Saturday 11 February, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business Good News My Feed RSS Tags austin ben gaddis bots Donald Trump T3 Texas trades trump & dump trump and dump See other tags Tags Saturday 4 Feb, 2017 http://jrnl.ie/3216222 The company making lots of money out of the chaos Trump's tweets cause in the corporate world The Trump & Dump bot is designed to make stock trades based purely on who Trump has been tweeting about. Feb 4th 2017, 9:30 AM 25,352 Views 16 Comments Share49 Tweet Email2 Donald Trump Source: Carolyn Kaster TECHIES HAVE DEVISED a program to execute quickfire stock trades to take advantage of President Donald Trump’s Twitter habit of blackballing individual companies. And the president’s tweets are saving puppies, since when the program earns money, the funds are donated to an animal welfare group. The “Trump & Dump” artificial intelligence program identifies Trump’s market-moving tweets, assesses instantaneously whether the sentiment is positive or negative and then executes a speedy trade. Ben Gaddis, president of Austin, Texas marketing and technology company T3, says the idea was sparked by watching Trump’s actions during his transition, when Twitter attacks of companies such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin sent their share prices tumbling. “Everyone is asking themselves how to deal with the unpredictability of Trump’s tweets,” Gaddis told AFP. T3′s response was to develop a ‘bot’ a piece of software that does automated tasks, to trade on the information. Video (http://www.youtube.com/watch=ZqI89XDNqg8&t=) Source: T3/YouTube The company has so far been pleased with the results, which yielded “significant winnings” on two occasions and a “slight” loss on a third trade, Gaddis said. In early January, T3 scored a “huge” profit by betting Toyota’s share price would fall after Trump lambasted the automaker for building cars in Mexico, it said in a short video on the T3 website. The time lag between the Trump tweet and T3 trade was only a second, according to a short video on the T3 website. T3, which has pictures of numerous dogs on its website and describes itself as having “dog friendly offices” is donating the earnings from the bot-directed trades to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA). “So now, when President Trump tweets, we save a puppy,” a video promoting the venture says. © – AFP, 2017 Read: These are the Irish lawyers offering free advice to people affected by Trump’s travel ban Read: FactFind: Is Donald Trump’s travel ban ‘similar to what Obama did’? Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: AFP See more articles by AFP Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-and-dump-bot-3216222-Feb2017/?embedpost=3216222&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-and-dump-bot-3216222-Feb2017/?embedpost=3216222&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-and-dump-bot-3216222-Feb2017/?embedpost=3216222&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “The company making lots of money out of the chaos Trump's tweets cause in the corporate world”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “The company making lots of money out of the chaos Trump's tweets cause in the corporate world”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (16 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'Social media is where Trump puts out information and it's where we can challenge him' Craig Dwyer When the South Korean Government appoints an official whose sole job is to monitor Trump’s tweets, it’s obvious that his use of social media is transforming politics, writes Craig Dwyer. Tom Clonan: Ireland never rewards whistleblowers like Maurice McCabe and me - it punishes us Tom Clonan Ireland treats whistleblowers differently to most other countries – as I found out, writes Dr Tom Clontan. 'It is arguable that the acts of vulture funds are outside what is to be permitted by the Constitution' Jody Cantillon The inviolability of the family home is enshrined in our Constitution, writes solicitor Jody Cantillon. Most Popular Today 1 Dublin work syndicate 'speechless' as they claim €88.5 million EuroMillions jackpot 60,389  48 2 As it happened: Political turmoil over the Maurice McCabe whistleblowing smears 58,781  115 3 Mary Robinson says she was "bullied" into stepping down as President early 46,550  83 1 A shelved scheme to create jobs could be replaced after falling short of its target 399  0 2 'I'm entirely self-taught in business, but that’s not necessarily the best idea' 352  0 3 One of Ireland's top law firms is leading a crusade against confusing jargon 58  0 1 Football fans have long thought Beckham was a bit of a fraud; this week it felt like everyone else caught up 44,141  75 2 Liverpool FC ban The Sun's reporters from club over infamous Hillsborough coverage 20,456  73 3 Know Your Sport? Take our weekly quiz 19,971  6 1 17 pieces of definitive proof that Irish men really are the ugliest in the world 13,113  3 2 Niall Horan backpacked around Asia on a budget of €20 a night... it's The Dredge 8,012  5 3 7 of the most scathing quotes from reviews of Fifty Shades Darker 6,814  2 Trending Tags PLANNING An Bord Pleanála overturning decision for Liffey Valley expansion Nama offered a council 507 social housing units in Dublin - so why did it only take 65? Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Court told of 'exceptional turnaround' by man with 70 convictions who punched pregnant woman Mother-of-five who left purse at crime scene sentenced to three years for taxi robbery Drug addict went “off the wall” robbing shops two weeks after release from prison DRUGS Two men arrested after drugs destined for Galway rag week seized Caster Semenya in line to take London 2012 gold after another Russian is banned 'She died alone and unaided': Woman jailed for killing her cousin GARDAí 'You could have to live with the guilt': Warning to employers over staff driving laws Gardaí appeal for witnesses to collision that killed 50-year-old father Investigation launched after woman assaulted in Temple Bar DUBLIN 2016 minor trio and ex-Galway All-Ireland winner in Dublin team to face Tipp Accenture to create 300 new tech and design jobs in Dublin How a Norwegian street musician crashed her van in The Liberties, bought a horse, and was embraced by the community ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed The company making lots of money out of the chaos Trump's tweets cause in the corporate world Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks end mixed as wary investors snap up gold, bonds The Associated Press | Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017, 10:21 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Stocks fought their way to a mixed finish Tuesday as drugmakers rallied, which mostly canceled out losses for industrial companies. Investors shifted their money to less risky investments for the second day in a row. For the second straight day, stocks started with substantial losses. Industrial companies, which have climbed lately, fell the most as UPS tumbled after a weak fourth-quarter report. Banks also slipped. Investors bid up assets that are traditionally seen as less risky, including gold, government bonds, and stocks that pay big dividends. Drug companies also rallied after President Donald Trump met with industry executives and discussed ideas including faster drug approvals and lower taxes. Jim Paulsen, chief investment strategist for Wells Capital Management, said investors are looking for safer investments because the change from Barack Obama's administration to Donald Trump's has created so many changes in government. “More than anything right now, it's just the pace of news,” he said. “It is so dramatic.” The stock market made huge gains after Trump was elected last fall, and Paulsen said it's not a surprise that investors would sell some of their holdings, take some profits, and move to lower-risk investments at some point. The Dow Jones industrial average sank 107.04 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,864.09 as companies like Goldman Sachs and Boeing returned some of their recent gains. The S&P 500 lost 2.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,278.87. It fell as much as 13 points early on. The S&P 500 has fallen for four days in a row. While that is its longest losing streak since before the presidential election, the losses have been small. The Nasdaq composite gained 1.08 points to 5,614.79. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks rose 9.49 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,361.82. On the New York Stock Exchange, more stocks rose than fell. Athletic apparel maker Under Armour plunged after investors were disappointed with its fourth-quarter report, which included higher expenses. Under Armour also issued a weak full-year forecast and said its chief financial officer is leaving. The stock tumbled $7.45, or 25.7 percent, to $21.49. It dropped 30 percent last year and is now trading at its lowest price in two years. United Parcel Service sank after the package delivery company forecast an annual profit that was far smaller than analysts expected. UPS expects to earn no more than $6.10 a share this year while FactSet says experts expected $6.15 per share. UPS gave up $7.90, or 6.8 percent, to $109.13 and FedEx fell $4.14, or 2.1 percent, to $189.11. That helped pull industrial companies lower. Drug companies jumped after Trump said he wants less regulation on prescription drugs because that could speed up drug approvals. While Trump again said he wants to reduce drug prices, investors seemed pleased with proposals that could reduce drugmakers' costs and boost their profits, as well as with the tone of the meeting. Just three weeks ago Trump said drugmakers were “getting away with murder” on prices. The Nasdaq Biotech index climbed 2.8 percent. Companies that make both generic and name-brand drugs traded higher, as did prescription drug distributors. After the market closed, Apple reported a bigger profit and greater sales than analysts expected as iPhone sales bounced back from a recent slump. The tech giant's stock rose 2.6 percent in after-hours trading. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.46 percent from 2.49 percent. That hurt financial stocks, as lower bond yields reduce interest rates and the profits banks make from lending. Investors who want income also bought stocks that pay outsize dividends, including real estate investment trusts and utility companies. Shopping mall operators Simon Property Group and GGP both traded higher after their quarterly reports. Simon gained $6.03, or 3.4 percent, to $183.77 and GGP rose 88 cents, or 3.7 percent, to $24.84. The price of gold and silver made their biggest jumps in two weeks. Gold rose $15.40, or 1.3 percent, to $1,211.40 an ounce. Silver gained 39 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $17.54 an ounce. Copper picked up 7 cents, or 2.7 percent, to $2.73 a pound. That was its largest move in three weeks. Another day of protests against parts of Trump's agenda and challenges for some of his cabinet nominees who haven't been confirmed by Congress made investors a bit more nervous early in the day. The VIX, an index known as Wall Street's “fear gauge,” jumped 9 percent around midday, but finished only 1 percent higher. It had climbed Monday. U.S. crude oil rose 18 cents to $52.81 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, added 47 cents to $55.70 a barrel in London. However energy companies continued to decline. After big gains over the last year, especially in November and early December, energy companies have done worse than the rest of the market. Exxon Mobil lost 97 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $83.89. Natural gas companies fell as the price of that fuel fell 12 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $3.12 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.61 a gallon. The dollar fell to 112.76 yen from 113.67 yen. The euro rose to $1.0803 from $1.0695. Germany's DAX lost 1.3 percent and the CAC 40 of France fell 0.7 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain lost 0.3 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 1.7 percent. The South Korean Kospi lost 0.8 percent. Markets in Hong Kong, China and Taiwan were closed for Lunar New Year holidays. More Business Whole Foods a victim of its success Stock indexes extend climb into record heights Big Sears cuts announced; shares soar Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Coal industry's comeback may not have legs TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Third-grader dies from flu in Washington County Steelers' Villanueva's reunion with interpreter to be featured on ESPN Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Bigotry is poison, Penguins and a funeral home comfort dog (Jan. 30 - Feb. 5) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search × What's a serial entrepreneur to do when the world is topsy-turvy? Chicagoans should not throw away O'Hare's shot Why Chicago trading firms have a Twitter crush Outgunned by Slack, a Chicago entrepreneur comes back with a new startup Lawyer William Schopf saved Music Box. Now he wants to save Michigan from bad wine. Why Cat won't be the last Chicago-bound HQ Why did the mayor abandon Get In Chicago? Walgreens is just like the rest of us: In the dark about Obamacare's future If one Citadel is good, could two be better? The U.S.'s first organic farm REIT is based in Evanston × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 03, 2017 Greg Hinz on Politics Roskam applauds Iran sanctions Those new U.S. sanctions on Iran are drawing a big cheer from U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Wheaton, a longtime basher of the ayatollahs and their nuclear plans. The sanctions, announced today by the Trump administration, single out 25 entities and individuals that the U.S. alleges have contributed to Iranian missile development or to its Revolutionary Guard. Chicago's Boeing was not mentioned. But the company has a big pending deal to sell planes to the Iranian national airline, and further sanctions could be on the way. Anyhow, says Roskam in a statement, "It's refreshing to see a White House willing to stand up to the Islamic Republic's illicit activities and belligerent behavior. Today's sanctions, related to Iran's support for terrorism and (its) illegal ballistic missile program, should make it clear to the Mullahs they must act like a responsible member of the community if they want to be treated one." Today's action came after Iran earlier in the week test-fired a missile that it says would not carry a nuclear warhead but that Team Trump argues could do just that. Meanwhile, Roskam, who's been under fire for allegedly refusing to meet with aggrieved constituents on any number of issues—he denies it—is the subject of a little parody on the web, suggesting that, like the "Groundhog Day" groundhog, he's too scared of his shadow to come out. Typical liberal propaganda, I'd say. The congressman clearly is much better-looking than Punxsutawney Phil.... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Amazon wants to be its own deliveryman | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > World Amazon wants to be its own deliveryman 4 Feb 2017 at 10:00 8,510 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: ASSOCIATED PRESS Boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 'Prime Air' cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle in this Aug 4, 2016 file photo. - + Amazon.com Inc isn't content just being the "everything store.'' Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon -- and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centres and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc, a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air.'' The moves comes as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said on Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24% compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22% to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36% to $749 million, ahead of expectations. On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the US Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise,'' Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilising that location they can reach anywhere in the US in two days.'' "If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS,'' she said. "On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone.'' For example, UPS reported on Monday that 55% of its fourth-quarter deliveries -- and 63% of those in December -- were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,'' Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature.'' "To really go up against that big three,'' she said, "Amazon will have to invest an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities -- at least double what it's already spending.'' Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,'' said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey Inc, a company specialising in improving retailer shipment delivery. RECOMMENDED STORIES NHA hankers for Section 44 use BoT to certify forex dealers Court denies Boonsong an injunction 4.3% GDP growth predicted in 2018 Prayut boosts EEC at ministry DPO expects 7% milk sales growth Picofinance draws crowd Playing the part Tycoon's disappearance keeps HK on edge Most Viewed 36,800 Visa incentives extended to woo ... 19,063 New income tax structure comes into ... 18,569 Thai AirAsia unveils silk-pattern ... 18,244 Airlines 'charging too much' after ... 14,984 X-ray staff at Suvarnabhumi airport ... Recent BUSINESS Articles Restaurants to sell food via UberEATS Chiang Mai to become smart city Policymakers seek wind farm solution Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 16:01 Narathiwat bomb injures boar hunters 15:38 Defence spokesman apologises to academic 14:39 Australian falls to death from Bangkok hotel 14:30 Guangzhou sounds bird-flu alarm 13:59 Trump weighs new travel order 13:16 Restaurants to sell food via UberEATS 12:45 Thousands gather ahead of Jakarta vote 12:25 Man arrested, 300,000 pills seized 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai SpaceX Falcon 9 Rockets Prone To Cracks According To Government Watchdogs AJ Dellinger International Business TimesFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Government investigators have determined SpaceX's Falcon 9 rockets are prone to cracks and may be unfit for manned flights.More SpaceX may be grounded for a little while. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) has raised concerns about the safety of private aerospace manufacturer’s Falcon 9 rockets, noting they suffer from persistent cracking according to a Wall Street Journal report. According to the preliminary findings from an investigation into SpaceX and rival company Boeing, the rockets from the company founded by Elon Musk may not be fit for future manned missions. The issue stems from a pattern of problems with turbine blades that deliver fuel into the rocket engines. The blades are prone to cracking, which is considered a major threat to the safety of the craft and will require a redesign of the Falcon 9’s turbopumps. SpaceX said its rockets are designed to withstand such cracking without affecting its performance, but will be updating the design to avoid the issue entirely. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has reportedly told SpaceX the cracks are an unacceptable risk for manned flights. When the GAO report is finalized and published in the coming weeks, it will mark the first public disclosure of a serious defect in SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rockets. However, the government has reportedly known of the issue for years, and the cracks had been found in rockets launched as recently as September 2016. The news marks a continuation of what has been a rough couple of months for Musk’s aerospace company. In September 2016, SpaceX had its first major setback when one of its Falcon 9 rockets exploded on the launchpad in Cape Canaveral, Fla. While SpaceX called the incident an anomaly, it caused considerable damage—destroying an AMOS-6 communications satellite from Israeli company Spacecom that was to be part of an effort from Facebook to deliver internet connectivity to parts of Africa. The explosion was reported to have scared off other partners looking to launch with SpaceX. Investigations into the issue also caused delays to future launches from the company. A launch planned for December 2016 was pushed into January, then postponed again due to uncooperative weather conditions. The GAO has reportedly determined neither SpaceX nor competitor Boeing will be able to meet their goals of launching missions to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station by 2018. Related Articles A Busy Time For SpaceX SpaceX To Use Expendable Rocket For Upcoming Launch Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7936 messages7%71%22% 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 183 messages3%72%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3108 messages5%73%22% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2514 messages5%56%39% Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1257 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Anna Nicole Smith, Daughter Dannielynn Today: Part 1 This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 193 messages7%71%22% We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7968 messages5%65%30% Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Elon Musk, other CEOs voice travel ban concerns to Trump Reuters February 3, 2017 5:49 PM Tags: Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Ginni Rometty, IBM, Muslim ban, politics, Tesla Above: Tesla CEO Elon Musk (R) sits beside Senior Counselor to the President Steve Bannon (L) as U.S. President Donald Trump hosts a strategy and policy forum with chief executives of major U.S. companies at the White House in Washington February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque (Reuters) – Chief executives of major U.S. companies huddled with President Donald Trump at the White House on Friday and some of them expressed concern about a travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries traveling to the United States. Business leaders said afterward that the group, which included Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan Chase and Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, discussed bank rules, tax reform, and objections to Trump’s week-old ban. Some companies are worried that the travel restrictions will impact their employees or create uncertainty that could rattle markets. Tech companies also have broader concerns about Trump’s immigration policies because of the number of foreign workers they employ in the United States. The U.S. business community has been divided in their approach on taxes and immigration, and some leaders are wary of working with a president who uses his platform to attack companies that vex him, such as threatening penalties for manufacturing outside the United States. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly delivered an update to the corporate leaders on the travel restrictions, which caused chaos at major U.S. airports and are now facing court challenges. “There was obviously concern by different people and explanations and that issue had to be covered and was covered,” Blackstone Group Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman, who leads the advisory group, said on Fox Business. Participants including Elon Musk of Tesla had said before the meeting that they would raise concerns with Trump about the travel crackdown. The meeting, which also included Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney, formerly of Boeing Co, convened a business advisory panel that Trump announced in December. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit the group under pressure from activists over the order. Musk defended his own decision to participate on Friday, saying that going to the meeting did not mean he agreed with Trump’s actions. The White House said in a statement on Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” Executives from Ford Motor Co also criticized the ban, but others, including General Motors and JPMorgan Chase have not taken a position. Split on tax reform Trump has also met with executives from the U.S. pharmaceutical and auto industries as part of a push to step up U.S. job creation. Division in the corporate world is also developing over taxes. Boeing Co and General Electric Co on Thursday joined a group in support of a congressional plan to tax all imports. But that plan, which does not have universal support among Republicans, is opposed by many U.S. retailers, which say it could raise prices for consumers. “If you’re a big U.S. manufacturer and exporter, you love it. And if you’re a retailer bringing a lot of your stuff in, it has ramifications for you,” Jack Welch, the former GE chief executive, said on Fox Business after the meeting. “It’s not a simple issue.” Republican leaders say tax reform is a top priority, but they have acknowledged it could take until the end of 2017 or longer to finish legislation. “If I were a company, I’d be worried about tax reform,” said Bernie Williams, chief investment officer at USAA Investment Solutions, in San Antonio. The White House meeting with the group is also set to cover trade, regulatory relief and infrastructure. (Additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington,; Jennifer Ablan in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 February 2017 by Military News Ethiopian Received its Third Airbus A350 XWB Ethiopian Airlines, the largest and fastest growing African airline, proudly announces that it received its third Airbus A350 XWB on February 1st, 2017. NEW YORK, NY, UNITED STATES, February 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Ethiopian Airlines, the largest and fastest growing African airline, proudly announces that it received its third Airbus A350 XWB on February 1st, 2017. The aircraft is named after Erta Ale, a large basaltic shield volcano located in the Afar Region of north-eastern Ethiopia. Group CEO Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam said, “As part of our continuous fleet modernization program, we have now phased in a third Airbus A350 XWB 900. Both the B-787 Dreamliner and the Airbus A-350 are the most technologically advanced airplanes in the world today and we are highly delighted that we are one of the very few airlines in the world to own and operate both airplanes at their early stage in service. Ethiopian Airlines customers will have the special privilege of experiencing the superior features and services of both airplanes. These environmentally green airplanes are enabling us to expand our vast network to new and exciting destinations like Oslo in Norway, Singapore, Chengdu in China, Jakarta in Indonesia, Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe and Antananarivo in Madagascar. On board this game changing aircraft, passengers will experience the latest high-definition touchscreen personal monitors with even more movies, television series, and audio channels. Passengers will also enjoy the wider seats and larger windows, the lowest twin engine noise level in the skies, advanced air conditioning technology, and full LED mood lighting. All of these amenities will enhance comfort and reduce jet-lag after a long flight.” The new aircraft has a configuration of 30 Cloud Nine business, 313 economy class seats. Ethiopian was the first African Airline to take delivery of Airbus A350 XWB in 2016. About Ethiopian Ethiopian Airlines (Ethiopian) is the fastest growing Airline in Africa. In its seven decades of operation, Ethiopian has become one of the continent’s leading carriers, unrivaled in efficiency and operational success. Ethiopian commands the lion’s share of the pan-African passenger and cargo network operating the youngest and most modern fleet to 95 international destinations across five continents. Ethiopian fleet includes ultra-modern and environmentally friendly aircraft such as Airbus A350, Boeing 787, Boeing 777-300ER, Boeing 777-200LR, Boeing 777-200 Freighter, Bombardier Q-400 double cabin with an average fleet age of five years. In fact, Ethiopian is the first airline in Africa to own and operate these aircraft. Ethiopian is currently implementing a 15-year strategic plan called Vision 2025 that will see it become the leading aviation group in Africa with seven business centers: Ethiopian Domestic and Regional Airline; Ethiopian International Passenger Airline; Ethiopian Cargo; Ethiopian MRO; Ethiopian Aviation Academy; Ethiopian In-flight Catering Services; and Ethiopian Ground Service. Ethiopian is a multi-award winning airline registering an average growth of 25% in the past seven years. For more information about this press release, please contact etuspr@gmail.com or: Mrs. Hanna Atnafu Manager Corporate Communications Ethiopian Airlines Tel: (251-1) 5178907/656/165/913/529 CorporateCommunication@ethiopianairlines.com www.ethiopianairlines.com www.facebook.com/ethiopianairlines www.twitter.com/flyethiopian Susanna Gahan BCA Marketing 9146974868 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, aircraft, Business, Economy, fleet, jet, Movies, service, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pacific Software Inc. initiates membership campaign for social network Grandwall.com Next PostNext Merck Marks “World Cancer Day” to Increase Awareness about Cancer Prevention through Social Media – Together We Can Prevent Cancer Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Truth Of The Trump Effect Chris Dier-Scalise , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 05, 2017 5:20pm   Comments Share: Related TWTR Twilio's Lock-Up Expiration Explained 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday Twitter Is The New Yahoo (So Where's The Bailout?) (Seeking Alpha) The market-moving prowess of the new Commander-in-Chief's Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) account has become a running point of intrigue among many traders. While the actual gains investors might make off of President Trump's itchy Twitter finger is an open question, Evan Schnidman of Prattle may have some valuable insight on which of Trump's social media missives may be worth traders' time. Schnidman paid a visit on Thursday's edition of Benzinga's PreMarket Prep Morning show to discuss Prattle's sentiment breakdown of the comments from the Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday as well as how Prattle's textual analysis technology has tracked the market reaction from Trump's business mentions. Growth And Uncertainty Overall, Shnidman felt the climate coming out of the meeting was not much changed from the prior meetings, although sentiment was lower than anticipated. Nevertheless, he summed up the Fed's decision as matching the pattern of "raise the growth forecast, hold the rates." He elaborated, "That seems to be the story in the developed world and the U.S. is no different." However, he did signal that the rate of growth has diminished since the end of 2016. In part, Schnidman said, this is due to a dawning sense of uncertainty about what might be in store for U.S. markets as Trump policies begin rolling off the beltway. "There's a little bit of let's hold our breath and just wait for what we don't know what is going to happen with the new administration," he said. The Trump Effect? While the country attempts to read tea leaves to predict Trump's next move as president, Schnidman was able to share some privileged insight that revealed there might be something to trading off of POTUS's words, just not the way you might think. While Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) and General Motors Company (NYSE: GM) might be the companies that spring to mind when a trader thinks of the Trump effect, Schnidman said Prattle interpreted otherwise. "One of the things we've found is that despite a lot of the media coverage saying he tweeted about this company and their stock price tanked," Schnidman began, "the statistical relevance to that is a lot less than one might think when he's mentioning companies." In reality, Trump's business ties might be the real source of the president's market influence. "When Trump tweets about Rex Tillerson," Shnidman explained, "Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) stock price goes up. So, the tie between his mention and the individual company pricing might be a little bit looser than we all thought, but his tie between his mention of individual personnel and stock pricing seems to be quite tight." To learn more, Prattle published a short article on the actual correlation between Trump and the market. Additionally, Schnidman revealed that Prattle is set to release a new product to the platform that tracks earnings calls and historical reactions for every publicly traded U.S. company. Tune in at the 16:25-minute mark in the track below to listen to the full conversation. PreMarket Prep is a daily trading ideas show that focuses on technical analysis and actionable short term trades. You can listen to the show live every morning from 8–9 ET here, or catch the podcast here. Image Credit: By Office of the President of the United States (https://twitter.com/VP/) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Politics Topics Top Stories Markets Tech Media Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA + GM) Ford's Bad News Has Been Sufficiently Priced In Over Last 6 Months GM, Intel, NVIDIA, Viacom: Fast Money Picks For February 10 Oil Weakness A Possible Drag On Market As Earnings Season Keeps Rolling GM, Netflix, Gold And Healthcare: Fast Money Picks For February 8 20 Most Talked About Super Bowl LI Commercials, Ranked Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Michael Kors Drops After Q3 Results; Real Goods Solar Shares Surge View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TWTR Trending Recent 1 JCI, CREE: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 BTX, MPWR: 30 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 RAI, WWE: Earnings Scheduled For February 9, 2017 4 VIAB, TWTR: 12 Stocks To Watch For February 9, 2017 5 FIT: Fitbit's New All-Time Low Coincides... 6 TSLA, SCTY: Baird Is A Buyer Of Tesla Ahead... 7 NVDA: Wild Ride In NVIDIA After Q... 1 STZ, THST: A Look At How Well Sin Stocks Trade In Light Of José Cuervo IPO 2 AMZN, SPY: It's Hip To Be Square? Huey Lewis Suggests An Investing S... 3 USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Cattle Futures Move Down 4 USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Higher 5 EXPE: Expedia's Slow Progress Is Better Than No Progress 6 FIT, TWTR: Twilio's Lock-Up Expiration Explained 7 Live Cattle Futures Plunge View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Sonny Perdue Wins Cabinet Endorsement From 669 Agricultural Organizations Barron's Picks And Pans: Chipotle, Snap, AMD And More
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 30m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 5h 32m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 55m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 6h 12m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 6h 34m ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 50m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 7h 6m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 7h 30m ago view all   Pence picks up wounded service members for Super Bowl By Alexander Bolton - 02/05/17 05:21 PM EST 11,777   En route to Houston for Super Bowl LI. Our traveling group includes a serviceman who supports the @AtlantaFalcons & one for the @Patriots. pic.twitter.com/yolh60jvSV— Vice President Pence (@VP) February 5, 2017 Vice President Pence arrived at Andrews Air Force Base on Sunday afternoon to escort two wounded soldiers and their guests to the Super Bowl in Houston. Pence landed at the base shortly after noon to meet up with Marine Staff Sgt. Anthony Mannino, Jr., who was wounded in Iraq in 2008, and Army Staff Sgt. Frederick Manning, who was injured in Afghanistan last year, to fly them to the game aboard Air Force Two. ADVERTISEMENT Mannino invited his wife Diane as his guest and Manning brought along his nurse from Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, Army Sgt. First Class Charles Stanley. Mannino is rooting for the New England Patriots, while Manning is pulling for their opponent, the Atlanta Falcons. “We’ve got Falcons fans. We’ve got Patriot fans,” Pence said, shaking their hands upon meeting them, according to the pool report. “There’ll be a winner on this plane on the way back,” he said. Pence said as an Indianapolis Colts fan, he will be on “neutral soil.” “What do you think? Decent ride?” he said, pointing to the Boeing-built C-32, a modified version of the civilian Boeing 757. He told Mannino and Manning that the VIP trip was a “small token of the gratitude of the people of this country.” “We’re honored you’re with us,” he said, shortly before the plane departed for Texas. Tags Mike Pence   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 252 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 226 Shares 3 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 182 Shares 4 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 119 Shares 5 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 117 Shares 6 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 109 Shares 7 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 101 Shares 8 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 98 Shares 9 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 10 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 76 Shares 11 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 72 Shares 12 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 68 Shares 13 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 67 Shares 14 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 66 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 58 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 55 Shares 17 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 51 Shares 18 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 48 Shares 19 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 46 Shares 20 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 46 Shares 21 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 22 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 23 Social media users parody Trump's... Social media users were quick to play with President Trump's defiant tweet... 39 Shares 24 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 39 Shares 25 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 37 Shares 26 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 37 Shares 27 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 36 Shares 28 GOP eyes new push to break up... The 9th Circuit is widely considered one of the most liberal courts in the... 34 Shares 29 Trump brings big change to climate... President Trump and the GOP-controlled Congress are working to undo... 33 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
TRENDING: TODAY – 95th anniversary of the Treaty of Trianon Hungary will stop immigrants with brutal laws in a few ... Hungarian team’s sportswear for Rio 2016 Olympics prese... Contact Us About us Politics Featured Opposition parties criticise Orbán's state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Featured Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Recent Orbán's state of the nation address were held in Budapest by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz 'up to their necks' in metro scandal by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 1 EU preparing action plans for better health by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Business Featured Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Featured Hungarian enterprise among the best ten European employers Feb 10, 2017 | Business Recent Currency exchange - Hungarian Forint - 10.02.2017. by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Orbán's cabinet plans to submit 2018 budget proposal in spring by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Pragmatic Brexit deal in Hungary's interest by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Society Featured Spectacular ice dancing on the Hungarian sea – video Feb 11, 2017 | Society Featured Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Recent Budapest mulls restricting taxi licences to electric vehicles by Daily News | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 Budapest police chief hails decrease in registered crime cases by Daily News | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 What if the Austro-Hungarian Empire was restored after 100 years? - VIDEO by Alexandra Béni | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 Sport Featured Hungarian artist to create the largest bird statue for an American team - PHOTOS Feb 10, 2017 | Sport Featured Vendée Globe: Nándor Fa sails around the world in 93 days Feb 8, 2017 | Sport Recent 17th FINA World Masters Championships in Hungary: six months to go! by Daily News | Feb 8, 2017 | 0 EHF Champions League - FTC leave no chance for German team by Daily News | Feb 5, 2017 | 0 Budapest mayor: Responsible mayor must not oppose Budapest Olympics by Daily News | Feb 2, 2017 | 0 Culture Featured 'Golden Jerusalem' photo exhibition opened in Budapest Feb 8, 2017 | Culture Featured Jason Mraz concert in Budapest Feb 8, 2017 | Culture Recent Finnish Film Days 2017 in Budapest - 8-12 February by Daily News | Feb 8, 2017 | 0 Brainteasers to Celebrate Zsa Zsa Gabor’s Centennial Birthday by Daily News | Feb 7, 2017 | 0 National Film Fund: Luring foreign film productions proving valuable to Hungary by Daily News | Feb 7, 2017 | 0 Special Hungary Featured 7 kid-friendly spas in Hungary Feb 5, 2017 | Special Hungary Featured Foreigners try to speak Hungarian: Hungarian words are not that easy, funny VIDEO! Feb 5, 2017 | Special Hungary Recent Heavy fog covers parts of Budapest - Photo gallery by Daily News | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Great Hungarian inventions - QUIZ by Alexandra Béni | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Secrets of Budapest: The Nyugati railway station by Alexandra Béni | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Services in Budapest Accomodations Baths Embassies Hospitality Café Pubs Restaurants Culture and Museums Other services Education Dental clinic Select Page How about an English language aviation course in Hungary? Posted by Fanni Grajzel | Feb 5, 2017 | Society | 0 If you’ve been wondering about becoming a pilot, but didn’t really know how to start, what to do, where to go, well then, here is some good news for you: the University of Debrecen started advertising its Professional Pilot training. As turizmusonline.hu writes, the preparation and training of the professors for the courses have already begun, furthermore, the pilot-wannabes will be able to also take those in English at the University of Debrecen in the school year 2017/18. The BSc training will include seven semesters (for 120 thousand USD) and is primarily advertised for foreign students at the Faculty of Engineering and Pharma Flight. András Farkas, head of the National Transport Aviation Authority, highlighted that, through this international course, they intend to ensure that there will be enough highly educated professional pilots in the future. The main objective of the Professional Airline Pilot education is to give the applicants the knowledge and skills that make the passing of the ATPL (Airline Transport Pilot Licence) integrated training’s manual and academic licencing of the National Transport Authority, Aviation Authority, possible, without any further education. According to Géza Husi, associate professor, the final decision regarding the launching of the training will be most possibly known within a month. Meanwhile, the Faculty doesn’t seem the rest, they already began the training of the instructors. Have you heard that a Hungarian invention might revolutionize aerial navigation? They will get acquainted with the theoretical knowledge and the practical opportunities offered by Pharma Flight, such as the usage of the Boeing and Airbus simulators, and learn how those planes shall be driven. Both of the tools are capable of practising the manoeuvres of taking off and landing, furthermore, emergency processes can be learnt as well, whether it be windy or foggy weather, night flights, a bird bumping into the plane, or even damage. Moreover, the simulator is pretty unique in the world, for it allows the participants to learn how to handle situations when there’s no oxygen in the pilot booth. The international network of the University involves more than fifty countries, and the interest in the course is already huge. Copy editor: bm Source: turizmusonline.hu, University of Debrecen TAGSaireducation Related Posts A Hungarian electric aircraft might conquer the world The Hungarian Magnus Aircraft Ltd. created the world’s first all-electric airplane and, after reaching China, started to expand its market to the US, reports mno.hu. The company was established in… Wizz Air became the best low-cost airline company of the year Turizmus.com reports that Wizz Air was chosen 2016’s Low-Cost Airline at the summit of the Centre for Aviation (CAPA), which is the independent provider of aviation market information and analyses.… Hungarian Wizz Air airline grows passenger number in 2016 to 23 million Wizz Air, the largest low-cost airline in Central and Eastern Europe, announced today that it closed another outstanding year marked with a record passenger number, massive expansion of its network… A great video explaining the Hungarian language in English The NativLang YouTube channel has released a 6-minute video explaining the Hungarian language for foreigners. The narrator of the video talks about Hungarian suffixes, the history of the language, and… Hungarian website wins first prize among the most popular English language hubs online 5Perc Angol (translates to 5Minute English) won first prize at the ‘Macmillan Dictionary Love English’ competition, in Best Website 2014 category, reports index.hu. The publisher’s contest has voted the Hungarian… Which is the Best University in Hungary? Semmelweis University leads the new academic ranking of HVG, ahead of Eötvös Loránd University, which used to rule the list for many years. Considering faculties; medicine, humanities, and science are… Share: Previous7 kid-friendly spas in Hungary NextNothing justifies a fence along the Hungarian-Romanian border Leave a reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. COMMENT Name Email Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Recent Posts Opposition parties criticise Orbán’s state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz ‘up to their necks’ in metro scandal Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Follow Us Facebook Twitter Weekly Newsletter Never miss a post! Join our Weekly Newsletter and stay informed! SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! Tags Africa army art Asia award Budapest business criminal Democratic Coalition economy education ethnic European Union event festival Fidesz football Germany Government health History Jobbik labour market law LMP migration Ministry of Foreign Affairs money music parliament Police religion Romania Russia Socialists sport success tax/VAT terrorism tourism transport USA Video Viktor Orbán visit Categories Business Culture Highlighted Politics Society Special Hungary Sport Uncategorized Recent Posts Opposition parties criticise Orbán’s state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Recent Comments máté pál 10/02/2017 on Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz ‘up to their necks’ in metro scandal Brian dear dearbrianphilip@gmail.com 10/02/2017 on Hungary to have looser gun control laws Bill Veris 10/02/2017 on Hungary to have looser gun control laws Martin Lear 08/02/2017 on A mosque to be built in Zugló by the Hungarian Islamic Community © Daily News Hungary 2017 We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Accept Pin It on Pinterest WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Never miss a post! Subscribe to our Weekly Newslatter and stay informed! SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed!
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Le Pen debt plan threatens massive default, say rating agencies Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Expats take flight as Abu Dhabi tightens purse strings Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown Trump embraces Abe after moving to heal rift with Beijing The ruling against President Trump’s travel ban dissected Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Snap set to spur new wave of tech start-ups in Los Angeles Shell and Chevron hold the good cards as oil price rebounds Former Rolls-Royce chief quizzed under caution in corruption probe Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The importance of bubbles that did not burst Major Chinese bitcoin exchanges halt withdrawals after crackdown Hot leveraged loan market puts ebitda ‘add-backs’ under scrutiny Opec beats oil output cut expectations, says watchdog Investors pile into risky bonds in bet on Trump economy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Reasons to be cheerful about the British economy Theresa May’s policies make a mockery of her rhetoric The week revolution returned to Romania Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Martin Schulz, the veteran MEP challenging for Merkel’s crown Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My everyday gripes with Google and Amazon voice assistants Is it better to vape than to smoke? How a hostage situation can hone management skills How to ask for what you want — and get it every time  The death of the 40-hour week is killing us Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee on escape and the secretive state Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years London’s prime property bargains for foreign buyers Are we witnessing the strange, lingering death of Labour England? The rise and fall of a US-backed rebel commander in Syria Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Donald Trump, the bully in America’s pulpit Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Everett woman suspected of stealing IDs from vacation rentals Caitlin Tompkins Wed Feb 1st, 2017 11:34am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — A 36-year-old woman would stay in vacation rentals and rummage through belongings owners left behind. With tidbits of personal information, she allegedly opened bank and credit card accounts in the owners’ names. More than $50,000 was reportedly stolen. The Everett woman was arrested in early January on suspicion of 54 felonies following a lengthy investigation by the Everett Police Department’s financial crimes unit. She has since been charged in Everett District Court with identity theft and forgery. Prosecutors are reviewing additional cases involving the woman. In August, an identity-theft victim told police someone had opened a BECU credit card in her name, in addition to other credit card accounts. She had lost $30,000 by that point, according to a probable cause affidavit. The woman made 51 transactions on a credit card registered to the victim over a span of 16 days, police allege in court papers. Records show the woman spent nearly $800 on purses at a Coach outlet store and about $1,160 at a Walmart in Marysville. The transactions do not include the cash that was reportedly withdrawn or transferred into fraudulent accounts. The woman allegedly opened multiple accounts online with BECU under the victim’s name. She claimed she worked for Boeing and earned more than $17,000 a month, according to a probable cause affidavit. Two other people had their personal information stolen, such as their Social Security numbers and birthdates, according to the affidavit. The woman also allegedly obtained someone’s phone number, physical characteristics, driver’s license number, previous addresses, names of relatives and their ages, police said. A financial crimes detective distributed photos around the police department of the woman making a transaction at a BECU location. In December, an Everett police officer was in the McDonald’s parking lot along Colby Avenue when he saw someone in a passing car who matched the woman in the photos. That car was registered in the name of another identity-theft victim, according to the affidavit. The woman sitting in the passenger seat also was wearing the same bracelets and rings as the woman in the photos. At the time of the arrest, the woman was carrying 13 memory cards and two cellphones. The case demonstrates that people need to exercise caution when inviting others to rent their homes, Everett police Sgt. Matt Mekelburg said. “We are continuing to investigate this suspect and expect to find additional information that leads to more victims,” he said in a press release. “It’s unfortunate that victims had their personal information stolen and used for criminal activity. While we understand the concept, we want people to recognize the risks of renting out their homes, and leaving personal information behind.” Caitlin Tompkins: 425-339-3192; ctompkins @heraldnet.com. Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines February 10, 2017 | Marines Want Their F-35s Up to Five Years Early February 9, 2017 | Budget Woes May Force Navy to Shutter Two Carrier Air Wings February 8, 2017 | Leonardo Rejoins Air Force T-X Bidding Without Raytheon February 8, 2017 | Congress Pricing Out Timelines to Build 355-Ship Navy February 7, 2017 | Top Air Force General OK with Fewer T-X Competitors Search for: Home Air Lockheed Credits Trump as Price Per Jet Falls in Latest F-35 Batch TOPICS:Defense DepartmentDonald TrumpF-35Joint Program OfficeJoint Strike FighterLockheed Martinstealth fighter An F-35A Lightning II taxis across the flightline on Eglin Air Force Base, May 28, 2014. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Christopher Callaway) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk February 3, 2017 The Defense Department announced an $8.2 billion deal for the latest batch of F-35 Joint Strike Fighters on Friday, known as Low Rate Initial Production 10. President Donald Trump on Monday said he has been negotiating with Lockheed Martin Corp. officials to bring the cost down significantly since he became president-elect. “I got involved in that about a month ago,” he said during a meeting with business leaders at the White House. “There was no movement, and I was able to get $600 million approximately off those planes.” In total, the latest contract represents a $728 million reduction from LRIP 9, Defense Department officials said. The deal for 90 new Joint Strike Fighters marks the first time the price per F-35A variant for the Air Force will fall below $100 million, according to the announcement, first reported by Reuters. The unit price for the service was reduced seven percent from the last batch of aircraft, amounting to $95 million per plane, the announcement said. The Marine Corps’ F-35B and Navy’s F-35C variant price tags were reduced to $123 million and $122 million (roughly seven and eight percent, respectively) per aircraft in comparison to LRIP 9, announced in November, according to the Pentagon’s statistics. Lockheed spokesman Bill Phelps on Friday said, “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price. “The agreement was reached in a matter of weeks and represents significant savings over previous contracts. This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers,” he said. Deliveries of 90 aircraft are set to begin in 2018, the DoD announcement said. “The LRIP-10 contract is a good and fair deal for the taxpayers, the U.S. Government, allies, and Industry,” said Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, F-35 program executive officer, in a statement. “We continue to work with Industry to drive costs out of the program.” The stealth jet’s cost had been widely debated even before Trump began voicing concerns about the program’s cost overruns. Trump tweeted on Dec. 22, “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Last week, Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered separate reviews of the F-35 and Air Force One programs with an eye toward reducing program costs. The review for the F-35, however, will solely focus on the Navy’s C model. “Now that we know [Trump meant] just the C [version] … that’s been reality for years now,” Richard Aboulafia, vice president and analyst at the Teal Group, told Military.com on Jan. 27. “The Navy hasn’t bought more than a tiny token … of Cs, and four times as many Super Hornets and Growlers. You do the math … It’s a single digit percentage of the total program at best,” Aboulafia said. The total C requirement is a 260-unit buy for the Navy, Lockheed spokesman Michael J. Rein told Military.com There have been 26 carrier variants delivered to the Navy as of December 2016, he said. But the F-35’s cost has been steadily declining in recent years, even though it will make the history books as the Pentagon’s largest acquisition effort to date at nearly $400 billion to buy about 2,500 of the single-engine fighters for the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. In a recent analysis by DefenseOne, the F-35A, for example, has dropped from an average cost of $241 million per plane first ordered in 2007. That price translates to roughly $279 million today. The LRIP 10 contract will distribute 44 F-35As to the Air Force, 9 F-35Bs to the Marine Corps and 2 F-35Cs to the Navy, with other planes going to the United Kingdom, Norway, Australia, Turkey, Japan, Israel and South Korea. The Pentagon in November handed down a unilateral contract action, dubbed LRIP 9, of $6.1 billion for 57 more F-35s after months of negotiations — a move that disappointed Lockheed officials. “We didn’t agree on this contract, but the government just handed this on us,” an industry official close to the 18-month-long negotiated deal told Military.com at the time. “The government needs to recognize what an F-35 really costs for a fair fee.” The government and Lockheed hadn’t signed a deal for a full batch of F-35s since 2014 before LRIP 9, which was also supposed to include LRIP 10. The source said the decision did not address fundamental issues in manufacturing the F-35s, such as risk assessment and delivery schedules. Lockheed had a chance to appeal the decision by Jan. 31 — but let it slip by. “We did not file an appeal under the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals in the 90 days,” Rein said in an emailed statement to DefenseOne. Rein added the company still has other options — to file a claim under the Contract Disputes Act, for example — but said a decision has not been made to pursue such alternatives, DefenseOne reported. Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles All Eyes on Long Range Strike Bomber Contract Air Force Mulls Mothballing F-16s if Congress Blocks A-10 Retirement Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration Outgoing Weapons Buyer to Incoming Administration: Beware of Quick Fix Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Business February 4, 2017 8:43 PM Five signs the economy in SC is improving As the economy improves, more freight must needs to be moved and more jobs become available. As the economy worsens, the need to move product decreases, and more people are willing to sign on to drive despite the stresses of long distance hauls. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com i By Jeff Wilkinson jwilkinson@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The signs are everywhere. You pull up to your favorite fast-food restaurant, and they have posted “Now hiring all levels.” Or the lines at the big box discount stores are longer. These are all signs that the economy, which reeled for years through the Great Recession, is not only on the mend, but is rolling. “Those long lines at Wal-Mart mean two things,” said Lewis Gossett, chief executive of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, whose membership is beginning to feel the pinch of higher production demands coupled with a tightening job market. “More people are buying things, and the store can’t find enough help. “People have more options today,” he said. “And they are stepping up to the next level of work.” Here are five lesser-known indicators that the economy is moving in the right direction: Eating out Spending on food service from both South Carolina residents and out-of-state visitors rose to $3.9 billion in 2015 from $2.8 billion in 2009, at the end of the Great Recession, according to the state Department of Parks and Recreation. Bobby Williams, chief executive of the local restaurant chain Lizard’s Thicket, said his stores have seen a 10 percent increase in sales since 2010. And he expects that momentum to continue. “We’re a good barometer about what is going on,” he said “If our business is good, everybody’s business is good.” Williams is president of the Columbia Restaurant Association, a division of the S.C. Restaurant and Lodging Association. He noted the large number of new restaurants that have opened in Columbia in recent years, particularly in the Vista, and said it was an indication an improving economy. “The Vista is booming and everybody is happy,” he said. Lizard’s Thicket has 14 locations around the Columbia area and one in Florence. The biggest growth in the franchise, he said, is in the Blythewood store. Williams said the company is beginning an aggressive refurbishing program for its stores this year, “and maybe expansion in the future.” Travel Like restaurants, hotels are riding the improving economic wave. People have more disposable income, and they feel more secure that their jobs are safe. So they are willing to take a vacation. S.C. Parks and Recreation statistics show spending on hotels in the state skyrocketed to nearly $3 billion in 2015 from $1.9 billion in 2009. “I think we’re going to continue to improve in terms of occupancy and rate per room,” said Andrew Lucas, general manager of The Inn at USC/Wyndam Garden Columbia. “We felt the bottom back in 2008. Since then people have started traveling again.” Adding to the rise in the economy are the growing travel habits of millennials, he said. “They are looking for new experiences,” said Lucas, who also is president of the Columbia Lodging Association, also a chapter of the S.C. Restaurant and Lodging Association. “They are willing to spend money on those experiences and not so much on things, possessions. That’s going to help drive our occupancy.” But tapping into that millennial vein will take a new type of marketing in a new economy: social media. “We’re going to have to be on our game because you can’t hide a bad experience anymore,” Lucas said. “One bad review will kill you.” Truck drivers Oddly enough, truck drivers – or the lack thereof – is a huge indicator of which way the economy is moving. As the economy improves, more freight must be moved and more jobs become available. As the economy worsens, the need to move product decreases, and more people are willing to sign on to drive despite the stresses of long distance hauls. Rick Todd, chief executive of the South Carolina Trucking Association, said freight companies are always looking for drivers. “But when the economy ticks up, the situation is exacerbated,” he said. “When there are slowdowns, it takes the pressure off.” The American Trucking Associations posted the shortage at about 20,000 nationally in 2011. But the group estimates that number could grow to nearly 100,000 by the end of this year. “When there is more competition for jobs, there are more people willing to drive,” Todd said. “When the economy improves and you increase freight demand, you need more drivers.” He added that millennials are turning a cold shoulder to the industry: Only one half of 1 percent of drivers 18 to 21 years of age have a commercial drivers license. Drivers 52 and older carry 45 percent of the commercial licenses, and they are nearing retirement. “We’re staring down the barrel of a gun,” Todd said. Shortage of workers Another shortage that could have even more lasting ramifications in South Carolina are high-skill manufacturing jobs. A University of South Carolina study shows jobs requiring a college degree, including from two-year and four-year programs, will jump from 61.5 percent in 2013 to 66.7 percent in 2030. A national study by the Deloitte Manufacturing Institute shows that over the next decade, nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will likely have to be filled, resulting in 2 million of those jobs going vacant. For Gossett, of the S.C. Manufacturing Alliance, keeping up with that curve is vital to the state’s economic future. “It’s a bad situation right now,” he said. “The entire country is dealing with a skill shortage and we think it’s going to intensify. If a state wants to remain competitive, they are going to need to be on top of the workforce issue.” South Carolina might be more at risk than other states, he said, because it has a small population and some big-hitting, rapidly expanding manufacturers like Boeing and BMW – with more, like Volvo and DaimlerChrysler, on the way. But Gossett said he is confident the state, through its strong technical school system and private initiatives, can rise to the challenge. “We’ve always met the need and and we will continue to meet the need,” he said. Home remodeling versus purchasing When the economy was in the dumps, not only was it harder to qualify for a loan to purchase a house, but many people chose simply to remodel their existing homes in the face of financial uncertainty. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, in South Carolina in 2016, annual employment growth for new construction was approximately 9 percent, compared to just 6 percent for remodeling construction. By contrast, in 2014, remodeling construction employment growth was approximately 5 percent new compared to just 3 percent for construction employment growth. “As the economy has improved, more people have become employed and have more disposable income,” said USC economist Joseph Von Nessen. “In addition, those that were already employed are more confident that they will remain employed for the foreseeable future. “This has resulted in a shift in consumer buying patterns towards the purchase of new homes and away from the remodeling of existing homes,” he said. Leisure spending in South Carolina The amount of money spent on dining, hotels, transportation and recreation in South Carolina is growing steadily. It’s an indication that the economy is on the mend. 2009 – $9.9 billion 2010 – $10.8 billion 2011 – $11.8 billion 2012 – $12.6 billion 2013 – $13 billion 2014 – $13.5 billion 2015 – $14 billion SOURCE: S.C. Parks and Recreation Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Sneak peek at Columbiana's Dave and Buster's Pause 2:44 A special evening for Steph Curry 1:02 Police: Columbia firefighter wanted for questioning in fatal arson 1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork 1:41 Remembering one of Gamecocks' greatest fans: Bill Golding 2:34 The 2016 US Quidditch Cup tournament 2:08 Dooley's Sport Shop to close after 67 years 0:44 Little River resident competes 'min pins' in 2017 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 1:35 Martha Stewart's advice to her younger self 1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Former morgue on Bull Street may become restaurant 1:19 2 days ago Former morgue on Bull Street may become restaurant 1:05 2 days ago Sneak peek at Columbiana's Dave and Buster's 1:50 8 days ago How Cromer's P-nuts became "worst in town" View more video Business Here’s a sneak peek at the new Dave & Buster’s at Columbiana Centre Carowinds laying foundation for new County Fair attraction Here's what to look for in buying a used car that could have water damage All Ruth’s cheese spread packed at SC plant recalled Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Japan secures extra cost cuts on U.S. F-35 fighter jet package By Tim Kelly and Nobuhiro Kubo Politics Feb. 05, 2017 - 06:00AM JST ( 12 ) A U.S. Marine F-35B Joint Strike Fighter Jet Reuters photo TOKYO — The Japanese government has secured cost cuts on support equipment for its next batch of six U.S. F-35 stealth fighter aircraft of around $100 million, according to sources and Japanese budget papers, on top of savings being finalised for all buyers of the high-tech jets. The deal represents a rare case of Tokyo negotiating down the price of military hardware from its U.S. ally and underscores progress for the Lockheed Martin Corp -run F-35 program, which has faced criticisms over cost overruns and other problems. U.S. President Donald Trump, who lashed the program as “out of control” in December, said on Monday he had been able to shave some $600 million from the latest U.S. deal to buy about 90 F-35s from Lockheed. But defense analysts and sources downplayed news of those cuts, saying the discount hailed by Trump was in line with what had been flagged by Lockheed for months and would apply to other countries committed to the program. Lockheed and the Pentagon did not directly respond to questions regarding the Japanese deal. A spokesperson for the U.S. Defense Department office which runs the F-35 program said negotiations over the current batch of fighters, known in the industry as LRIP 10, was continuing. “For every nation that buys an F-35 in LRIP 10, the base price of the F-35 will be the lowest in F-35 history,” Lockheed spokesman Michael Rein said. The price of the F-35 has been dropping with each new batch as Lockheed and the U.S. government ramp up production, helping to lower overall costs. Four sources told Reuters Japan had further trimmed the price for its latest order, largely on ground support costs such as parts, logistics and technical assistance. “We went through each item in detail and negotiated with the U.S.,” said one of the sources in Japan with knowledge of talks. In a budget request last year, Japan’s Ministry of Defense pegged the price of the six F-35s at 15.7 billion yen ($136.81 million) each. That had been cut to 14.6 billion yen when the budget was approved in December, in line with the 6-7 percent per plane reduction flagged by the Pentagon late last year. The cost of support equipment dropped significantly, to 30.9 billion yen from 42.3 billion yen, according to the publicly available documents. Cost cuts on such deals are typically done by removing some equipment or swapping out expensive components for cheaper ones. Officials from a new Japanese defense procurement agency and Pentagon personnel met several times in Tokyo between August and December before agreeing on the lower price, said one of the sources, who were not authorised to speak publicly about the deal. The total cost for the Japanese deal was just over $1 billion, around 12% lower than budgeted in August. The cost to the United States for its latest F-35 contract is expected to be around $9 billion, with the price per plane falling below $100 million. Japan’s higher budgeted per aircraft costs of around $128 million include the aircrafts’ engines and additional funds to have 38 of the 42 F-35s it plans to buy assembled in Japan by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Japan does not buy the fighters directly from Lockheed but from the U.S. government through its Foreign Military Sales (FMS) system, which Washington uses to keep tight control on sensitive military equipment. The U.S. government typically charges a 3.8% sales fee for those transactions. Until now Japan has rarely questioned the price of equipment purchased from its U.S. ally, making it a lucrative market for the likes of Lockheed, Boeing Co, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon Co. Japan is equipping its military with American kit to help reinforce maritime holdings along the southern edge of the East China Sea where it is locked in a dispute over territory with Beijing. In addition to the F-35s, Japan is buying the Bell Boeing Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and Northrop Grumman’s Global Hawk drone. Japan’s splurge on U.S. equipment has put a strain on its finances. In 2016 procurement through the Foreign Military Sales system totaled 485.8 billion yen compared with 117.9 billion yen three years earlier. Tokyo will begin deploying the first of its stealth fighters around the end of this year. (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2017. Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 12 Comments Login to comment 5 YubaruFeb. 05, 2017 - 07:39AM JST Japan’s splurge on U.S. equipment has put a strain on its finances. In 2016 procurement through the Foreign Military Sales system totaled 485.8 billion yen compared with 117.9 billion yen three years earlier. Blame the defense budget....don't blame Abe for spending billions, upon, billions, in ODA, on infrastructure to nowhere, etc etc etc. Strain? Obviously written by a dove. -2 BertieWoosterFeb. 05, 2017 - 09:08AM JST Total waste of money. The only thing Abe does well. -2 Ron BarnesFeb. 05, 2017 - 10:54AM JST War machines are a waste of money When their is a bigger problem fixing up Tepco,s mess Where this money could go or to those displaced because of the melt down from neglect to have backup generation that worked for cooling water. 1 WeaselFeb. 05, 2017 - 12:01PM JST So when does FRP (full-rate production) quantities start? Because that's when the real "savings" start - supposedly, as the initial releases in LRIP typically have quality control or performance issues that don't get resolved until FRP. Still its hard to say that a 5th Gen military jet for nearly $90 is a bargain, when the Israelis announced on CNN that the current tech on the fighter will be obsolete in about a year. Thanks guys. Anyway - this latest press release seems to be nothing more than just smoke, mirrors, and misdirection - as the US Air Force's budget for 2017 had anticipated an even greater price reduction of $85 million per jet (for the F-35A - the non-"harrier" version), which is $10 million off of the already "good and fair deal" of $95 million just announced. 3 kiyoshiMukaiFeb. 05, 2017 - 12:38PM JST We wouldnt need all these planes if we didnt have China and North Korea 0 serendipitousFeb. 05, 2017 - 01:32PM JST With China continuing to up the ante, Japan doesn't have much choice. -2 socrateosFeb. 05, 2017 - 04:24PM JST Japan has the best negotiator in White House now. Thanks to the president F35 is cheaper. -1 bass4funkFeb. 05, 2017 - 06:01PM JST Total waste of money. So Japan should use more or less outdated F-15 instead? -1 AsakazeFeb. 05, 2017 - 06:53PM JST Very qustionable deal. F-35 is too costly, untested, with a host of still unresolved problems. In Nov.2016 Canada cancelled its plans to buy 65 F-35s. Why Japan should buy it? Better develop its own fighter plane. -2 RecklessFeb. 05, 2017 - 06:56PM JST if advanced military equipment deters enemies and ultimately keeps the peace, then it is money well spent. 0 Ron BarnesFeb. 06, 2017 - 07:43PM JST beets me why money needs to be spent this way we need to get rid of poverty first world wide including Japan and the Philippines 0 Poor English SpeakerFeb. 06, 2017 - 10:38PM JST That's good. The original price of that F-35 is terribly expensive. I think there is not enough money to buy them in Japan. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight When, Where, and How to Wear Kimono Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Top Jobs in Japan, Feb 11-17, 2017 Japan Today CareersJobs Romantic place to spend Valentine’s Day TableauxDining Special Offers 5th Annual AJE Summer Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in Politics Trump, Abe discuss security alliance, trade Feb. 11, 2017 - 03:00PM JST ( 13 ) Japanese gov't debt hits record-high Y1,066 tril at end of December Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:11AM JST ( 5 ) Abe arrives in Washington for talks with Trump Feb. 10, 2017 - 04:30PM JST ( 18 ) 'Quiet night' demand by residents near Kadena base dismissed Feb. 10, 2017 - 04:15PM JST ( 11 ) Abe to propose new cabinet level talks with U.S. Feb. 10, 2017 - 06:50AM JST ( 3 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Nearly half of married couples sexless in Japan: survey 54 2 Trump considering 'brand new order' after travel ban halted 39 3 Insults fly back and forth online over baby carriages 16 4 Trump, Abe discuss security alliance, trade 13 5 Off to Florida 10 View all Jandworld Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:43PM JST Its always a bit awkward to be no1, now its the first " visitor ", lets… Posted in: Trump, Abe discuss security alliance, trade Robert pearce Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:42PM JST 52c at Lightning Ridge today. The home Australians national gem stone the Black Opal. Many Japanese… Posted in: Nearly 50 fires rage in heat wave in eastern Australia itsonlyrocknroll Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:42PM JST That beef looks temptingly delicious with a dollop of freshly made horseradish sauce. Posted in: Japan's farm, fishery produce exports hit record high in 2016 Strangerland Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:36PM JST Hmm that's twice I've seen 'pre-911 mindset' today. I'm guessing it's the new talking point on… Posted in: Trump considering 'brand new order' after travel ban halted gaijin playa Feb. 11, 2017 - 06:33PM JST im married to a cute little j-bird myself, and sex has never been a problem for… Posted in: Nearly half of married couples sexless in Japan: survey View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In E-Commerce Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map February 11, 2017 01:45:03 AM PST E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce | Next Article in E-Commerce Amazon to Build $1.5B Prime Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky Print Email By David Jones Feb 4, 2017 10:40 AM PT You dont need an army of developers to create segmented & personalized email campaigns. Klaviyo's advanced features  like automation, AB testing, auto reminders, abandoned cart flows, analytics & more - are designed to drive results. Sign up Free. Amazon, which has moved forward aggressively in recent years to take control of its retail distribution chain, this week announced plans for a US$1.5 billion Prime Air cargo hub in Kentucky. Amazon already employs more than 10,000 people at 11 fulfillment centers in the state. The company received about $40 million in government incentives to base its new air cargo hub at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Airport (CVG) in Hebron, which will add an additional 2,000 jobs to the local economy. "As we considered places for the long-term home of our air hub operations, Hebron quickly rose to the top of the list," noted Dave Clark, Amazon's senior vice president for worldwide operations. It has "a large, skilled workforce," he noted, as well as a "centralized location with great connectivity to our nearby fulfillment locations, and excellent quality of living for employees." As part of the agreement, Amazon will have a 50-year lease with access to 900 acres of land, which will be available if the facility needs to expand. Juicy Incentives The Kentucky Airport Development Finance Authority approved a package of up to $40 million in incentives through the Kentucky Business Investment Program as an inducement for Amazon to commit to the new hub. The performance-based program allows the company to keep a percentage of its investment through corporate income tax credits and wage assessments by meeting job and investment targets. The company also is eligible for career resources through the Kentucky Skills Network, which provides no-cost recruitment and job placement services, customized training, and job-training incentives. Amazon last year signed agreements with Atlas Air and the Air Transport Services Group to lease up to 20 Boeing air freighter jets from each firm, which will be used to transport air cargo. Sixteen of those jet aircraft are currently in service and will be used to transport goods. Long Relationship Amazon is one of several major shipping companies to operate in Kentucky, which is the third-ranking state in air cargo shipping volume, according to Jack Mazurak, spokesperson for the Kentucky Cabinet for Economic Development. The UPS Worldport air hub and the UPS Centennial ground hub operate out of Louisville; the DHL Americas hub, one of only three of that company's global hubs, operates out of CVG; and Fedex operates several large ground hubs around the state, he told the E-Commerce Times. Amazon said it will offer competitive pay and a full package of benefits -- including health and disability insurance, retirement savings plans and company stock -- to full-time employees at the airport. Amazon also offers up to 20 weeks of paid leave, plus programs such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which offers flexibility to new parents with growing families. Amazon's Career Choice training program, available to hourly employees, pays 95 percent of tuition to learn in-demand jobs, the company said. Amazon's investment is the biggest in Northern Kentucky in more than 30 years, making the region one of the top air cargo sites in the world, said Campbell County Judge/Executive Steve Pendery, chair of the Northern Kentucky Tri-County Economic Development Corporation (Tri-Ed). The air cargo hub won't have much of an impact on superstores like Walmart, which have thousands of physical department stores for holding inventory, noted Paula Rosenblum, managing partner at RSR Research. "Amazon doesn't have those, so it is forced to build very fancy distribution networks," she told the E-Commerce Times. "It also has regional distribution centers where it can keep slow movers or other products that don't necessarily fit in their stores." David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Join the discussion! Re: Amazon to Build $1.5B Prime Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky jescott418Posted 2017-02-05 My own feeling on Amazon bringing some of it's transportation logistics internally is of skepticism. For many reason but mainly the fact that you now begin to absorb all the variables of doing that. Labor costs, fuel costs, maintenance and so on. I am sure Amazon did some very lucrative deals with UPS and Fedex as well as USPS. These were most likely locked in rates with predictable expenditures. If you look at many companies who make or provide a product that requires transportation for shipping. They have abandoned private fleets for outside sources. This is also why Amazon will fail at drone delivery as a transportation means. Because you have to meet regulations, buy equipment, hire pilots, support staff and pay for liability insurance. I am sure Jeff Bezo and Amazon corporate is obsessed with being ... Read More Reply Related Stories Amazon's Prime Air Brand Takes Flight Aug 10, 2016 Air Cargo Deal Gives Amazon More Control Over Deliveries May 10, 2016 More in E-Commerce EC to Take a Hard Look at E-Commerce Practices Calling Facebook Customer Service? Beware of Fraudsters Personalization, Simplicity Key to Smart Home Device Adoption Google Gets Rid of 1.7 Billion Bad Ads Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 2 New FCC Chair Ajit Pai Vows to Kill Net Neutrality Rules Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Can Former Amazon Fire TV Exec Save Apple TV From Itself? SnapRoute Snags $25M With AT&T, Microsoft Backing Silicon Valley Firms Lock Arms Against Trump Immigration Order Tech Industry Reacts to Trump's Immigration Order Apple Goes on Record-Breaking Spree Silicon Valley Up in Arms Over Proposed H-1B Overhaul Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you find your way around? I rely on Google Maps. I rely on Apple Maps. I use Google but it needs improvement. I use Apple but it needs improvement. I use a different smartphone navigation app. I use my car's built-in navigation system. I use old-school paper maps. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Gadget Ogling: Gaming's New Virtual Reality Frontier and Personal Cargo Robots Dozens of iOS Apps Vulnerable to WiFi Snooping Twitter Steps Up Efforts to Silence Trolls Anonymous Hacker Pulls Plug on Thousands of Dark Net Sites Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? Tech Industry Reacts to Trump's Immigration Order Facebook Aims to Carve Out a Spot in the Living Room 3 Teams Qualify for Tube Test in Hyperloop Pod Competition CRM Buyer Quip Adds Serious Muscle Winning the Sales Talent War in the Big Data Era Ode to Sprint: Somebody Calls You, You Answer Quite Slowly Does Avaya Have a Post-Chapter 11 Prayer? Calling Facebook Customer Service? Beware of Fraudsters Tech Industry Gets Political Banking Customer Satisfaction Barometer Inches Up Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 2 ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider SnapRoute Snags $25M With AT&T, Microsoft Backing How Linux Helped Me Become an Empowered Computer User SalentOS Switchers Will Have No Regrets LibreOffice Update Offers Fresh Experience Wine 2.0's New Delights Uncorked Asus Tinker Board Joins Raspberry Pi on the Bargain Table FastComputer: Fussy but Fixable Red Hat's OpenShift Container Platform Expands Cloud Options SPONSOR RESOURCES Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Twitter Investors Bail Following Bleak Q4 Can Former Amazon Fire TV Exec Save Apple TV From Itself? Is Salesforce Getting Serious About the Back Office? Silicon Valley Firms Lock Arms Against Trump Immigration Order Snap Seizes the Moment EC to Take a Hard Look at E-Commerce Practices Wireless, Telecom and Pay TV: The Future Is Coming Into Focus Apple Goes on Record-Breaking Spree Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing BlackBerry, Microsoft and the Ever-Smarter Connected Car Oracle's Important Little Acquisition Clarabridge Delivers Retail Banking Package Enterprise IT Silicon Valley Up in Arms Over Proposed H-1B Overhaul China Aims to Wash VPNs Out of Its Hair New FCC Chair Ajit Pai Vows to Kill Net Neutrality Rules Exclusives Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Expert Advice Creating the Right Business Culture for Success The Lego-ization of Software, or the Rise of Snap-On SaaS Are Your Sales Tools Turning A-Performers Into B-Performers? Hot Topics Luckey Dons Virtual Flak Jacket for Zenimax Testimony Did BuzzFeed Just Commit Suicide? New Facebook Project Aims to Strengthen Journalism Marketing Google Gets Rid of 1.7 Billion Bad Ads Why Companies Botch Customer Care Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 1 Mobile Barra Leaves Post as Xiaomi's International Point Man Samsung Explains Note7 Failure, Promises to Do Better Samsung's Note7 Post Mortem Turns Up 2 Problems Security Hackers Targeted DC Police Cams Days Before Inauguration Trump Clings to Personal Phone Despite Security Risks Personalization, Simplicity Key to Smart Home Device Adoption SMB Facebook Launches Paris Startup Garage to Promote Entrepreneurs in Europe Zenefits Pays the Piper Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Social Media Facebook Taps Barra to Push VR to the Next Level New LinkedIn Site Design Encourages Engagement Google Gives Google+ Some Nips and Tucks Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Trends Can the TV Industry Sustain Falling Prices? The US Press Corps vs. Trump: A Teachable Moment Netflix Surprises Itself With Gangbusters Membership Growth Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home Business/Economy Iran to purchase passenger planes from ATR February 4th, 2017 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 6 Tehran, Feb 4 (IANS) Representatives of the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR will arrive in the Iranian capital Tehran on Sunday to discuss the sale of passenger planes to the country, a senior Iranian aviation official said on Saturday. After finalisation of the deal, valued at $400 million, 20 passenger planes will be delivered to Iran in a scheduled manner, Iranian Deputy Road and Urban Development Minister Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars News Agency. “ATR will deliver three or four passenger planes to Iran Air, Iran’s national flag air carrier, by the end of the current Iranian calendar year (ending on March 20),” Fakhriyeh Kashan said. In December 2016, Iran sealed a contract with Airbus to buy 100 aircraft worth over $18 billion. Airbus delivered the first plane to Iran in January. Also in December, Iran Air finalised another agreement with the US Boeing to purchase 80 commercial planes. The agreement envisages the purchase of 50 twinjet narrow-body Boeing 737 planes and 30 long-range wide-body 777 aircraft with a total value of $16.6 billion. The planes by Boeing would be delivered to Iran within 10 years. The first deliveries are expected in 2018. –IANS ahm/bg Tags ATR December Iran Air Iranian CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Trump's policies pose risk to Mexico's credit rating Feb 10th, 201704 Mexico City, Feb 11 (IANS) US President Donald Trump's potentially "disruptive changes to trade relations"... Nordstrom stock soared after Trump slams it on Twitter Feb 10th, 201702 Washington, Feb 11 (IANS) The shares of the Seattle-based luxury retailer Nordstrom, increased to 7 per... Elizabeth Warren probes Goldman Sachs' ties to Trump Feb 10th, 201705 Washington, Feb 11 (IANS) After US President Trump signed an order to begin the process of dismantling... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Health Foot wrap to treat patients with 'restless legs syndrome' Jun 28th, 2016 485 Entertainment Deepika Padukone opens up on getting married with Ranveer Singh Jan 14th, 2016 214 World Over a million people using Facebook on 'dark web' Apr 23rd, 2016 195 Entertainment Jake T. Austin dating fangirl after she seeks after him on Twitter for a considerable length of time Jan 16th, 2016 180 Canada Deadline looms for the 2016 Canadian Census May 9th, 2016 167 Tags 11209 people 9144 India 6417 film 4420 statement 4104 country 4051 state 3720 study 3630 the Congress 3336 cent 3204 police 2987 percent 2979 reports 2902 Rs 2847 time 2572 world 2552 second 2546 officials 2513 children 2482 down 2409 company February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Here’s Why NASA’s Space Shuttle Program Came To An End 4 February 2017, 9:09 am EST By Katrina Pascual Tech Times Space Travel - Five Cool FactsNow Playing Fascinating Facts About NASANow Playing Fascinating Facts About Mars - The Red PlanetNow Playing Astronaut Kathryn D. Sullivan checks the latch of the SIR-B antenna in the space shuttle Challenger's open cargo bay during her historic spacewalk on Oct. 11, 1984.  ( NASA ) Advertisement NASA retired its Space Shuttle program in 2011. While remaining an object of fascination and an engineering wonder, the Shuttle required significant maintenance after each flight and did not truly deliver the next major leap forward. The interest in spaceflight too suffered the brunt of tough economic conditions. So why did the U.S. space agency give up the Space Shuttle despite no alternative launch vehicle? Not On NASA’s Hands In a response made on Quora, NASA instructor and flight controller Robert Frost said that NASA does not have sole powers to decide on such matters. “NASA is an agency of the government. Its direction comes from the government,” Frost said, as reported by Forbes. Former president George W. Bush initiated the Space Shuttle’s cancellation back in 2004 as part of his Vision for Space Exploration, where its main purpose in the coming years was to “help finish assembly of the International Space Station.” He announced that the Space Shuttle will retire from service in 2010, after three decades of duty. In that same speech, Bush broached the idea of a new Crew Exploration Vehicle to bring the United States back to the moon and eventually take it to planet Mars. In terms of budget, he said the new endeavors will be fueled by an $11 billion reallocation within NASA’s five-year budget of $86 billion at that time. Effectively saying no new funds will be provided, Bush added that funding decisions in the future will be “guided by the progress we make in achieving our goals.” Here’s the situation back then, as outlined by Frost: the Space Shuttle program remained pricey to operate, with the 20-year-old Orbiters getting more expensive to maintain. It would aid in completing the new space lab but would not assist in the new Constellation project that would take astronauts out of low Earth orbit. Human Resources, Change Of White House Administrations It’s not just the money, Frost continued. He added that there was “a very limited pool of people” that can provide expertise in operating spaceflight and an even smaller one for manned missions since others had already devoted work to the Space Shuttle and ISS missions. Jumpstarting the Constellation program, he explained, meant transferring manpower, and ISS surely couldn’t give up its people. It was a sad decision to end the Space Shuttle, but Frost deemed it logical. Building another spacecraft for new missions meant harnessing new technology and entering foreign territory, adding to the fact that Congress did not fund work that would complete the CEV according to schedule. With the entry of a new U.S. president and Congress, priorities changed again. The Space Shuttle bought time, CEV became Orion and got delayed, and Constellation was called off. The decision: tapping into commercial spaceflight and letting commercial firms pitch in bringing astronauts to and from the ISS. NASA’s Commercial Crew Program was brought to life to achieve “safe, reliable, and cost-effective access” to and from the ISS and low-Earth orbit, awarding contracts to the likes of SpaceX and Boeing for space taxi services. Both companies, however, discovered that human spaceflight could be more complicated than thought, and they proved to be not ready at the expected time, Frost said. Since the Space Shuttle program came to a close, NASA has had to rely on purchasing a spot inside the Russian space agency’s Soyuz spacecraft, which launches from Kazakhstan. This capsule has flown American astronauts to the space lab and back on several occasions, including Scott Kelly’s historic return to Earth last March after spending 340 days aboard the ISS. Prospects For SLS After bidding goodbye to the Space Shuttle era, the attention is now on next-generation rocketship inspired by the Saturn V era, Eureka Magazine reported. NASA’s Space Launch System is poised to be the most powerful rocket ever launched, hopefully bringing humanity closer to a return to the moon and stepping into Mars, but how long will it take for this to come to fruition? “We will keep the teams working toward a more ambitious readiness date and will be ready no later than November 2018,” said William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for the human explorations and operations mission directorate at NASA. For its maiden flight test, the SLS will be configured for a 70-ton lift capacity and carry the unmanned Orion crew module beyond low-Earth orbit, but in its most powerful configuration, the SLS will offer a lift capability of 130 tons and push missions farther into the solar system, including the moon, asteroids, and even the Red Planet. How NASA, in a post-Space Shuttle era, will shoot for the moon and beyond in coming years remains to be seen. TAG NASA, Space Shuttle, Commercial Crew Program, Spaceflight, SpaceX, Boeing © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Astronaut MRIs Show How Spaceflight Alters Brain Shape Space Travel May Lead To Gene Changes, NASA Twin Study On Astronauts Scott and Mark Kelly Reveals 31 Years After Challenger Explosion: Timeline Of A Space Shuttle Disaster Remembering Apollo I, Challenger, And Columbia: NASA To Hold Day Of Remembrance 2017 On Jan. 31 First Look At Boeing's Sleek Blue Astronaut Suit For Travel To ISS From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games This Year's 'Call Of Duty' Will Take The Series 'Back To Its Roots' 2 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Battery Life Test Shows Beastly Performance, Nearly Double Than The Galaxy S7 3 Medicine Corticosteroid Emflaza Receives FDA Approval As Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Treatment Advertisement 4 Space Radioactive Glass From First Nuclear Explosion Test Site May Hold Clues To Moon Formation 5 Space NASA, ESA Join Forces For Space Explorations Around Moon 6 Animals Scientists Test Pollinating Drone Amid Dwindling Bee Populations Advertisement 7 Earth/Environment Ancient Underwater Landslide Triggered 8-Story High Tsunami Near Australia's Great Barrier Reef 8 Wearable Tech Google Brings VR To Chrome: Here’s How To Browse VR-Ready Sites On Your Phone 9 Earth/Environment Crack In Antarctica’s Ice Shelf Larsen C Heading To Full Split 10 Ancient 5000-Year-Old Chinese Beer Recipe Tastes Fruity: Stanford Students EDITOR'S PICKS The Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x, Kickass Torrents Users: No More Warnings Or Punitive ISP Action More Than 450 Ancient Earthworks Resembling Stonehenge Built In Amazon Rainforest WhatsApp Beta Update: Enjoy iOS Emojis In Android Devices Google Play Store February 2017: The New Apps, Music, Movies And TV Shows Available To Download T-Mobile Is Now The Most Liked Carrier While Verizon, AT&T Have More Unhappy Customers Anonymous Attacks Thousands Of Websites On The Dark Web Science Explains Why Loud Chewing Makes You Furious Here’s Why NASA’s Space Shuttle Program Came To An End Crack In Antarctica’s Ice Shelf Larsen C Heading To Full Split Life & Style More Life & Style A Harambe-Shaped Cheeto Just Sold For $100,000 On eBay How To Win An Oscar: Be An American Actor In Movie That Shows American Culture, Reveals Study New Yorkers 'Turn Hate Into Love,' Here's How How To Land An Internship At Google, Apple And Facebook: Harvard Grad Gives Resume, Interview Tips LOOK: This Graphene Dress Lights Up Based On Breathing Pattern Twitter, Netflix File Legal Documents Emphasizing The Importance Of Immigrants Bad With Social Cues? MIT Researchers Built A Wearable For You Arnold Schwarzenegger Gives The Perfect Response To Trump Criticism: 'Why Don't We Switch Jobs?' TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login News Politics Business Science & Technology World Popcorn Sport Lifestyle Video Police rubber bullet kills 11-year-old 'The allegation is that he was shot with a rubber bullet. He was admitted to a hospital in Bela Bela‚ and later transferred to Polokwane where he died' Most Read Damning details in the report Eskom didn't want you to see 1 day ago How not to ‘do an Audi’ 1 day ago Applications open for new student funding scheme 1 month ago POLITICS LIVE: I really should write something about the State of the Nation Address ... 'He was mocking and taunting her, she was edging ever closer to her nuclear option. Then she pulled the trigger ... ' Most Read WATCH: Was this Malema’s most scathing attack on Baleka Mbete ever? 1 day ago TONY LEON: Zuma's three options as he confronts Gordhan 3 days ago POLITICS LIVE: I really should write something about the State of the Nation Address ... 23 hours ago Monopoly capital? How big retail chains keep the small guy down 'The formal South African supermarket industry is concentrated, with only a handful of large chains holding more than 70% of the national market share' Most Read Gordhan: It would be illegal to make Absa 'pay back the money' 12 days ago The Ford Kuga fiasco: How not to manage a crisis 15 days ago Why South Africa is still on the road to a junk rating 24 days ago Apple's new $5bn headquarters is an architectural marvel 'It's not about maximizing the productivity of the office space, it's about creating a symbolic center for this global company. They are creating an icon' Most Read Human ancestor was a big-mouth worm from China, say scientists 10 days ago Scientists create 'metallic hydrogen' 14 days ago U.S. government scientists go 'rogue' in defiance of Trump 15 days ago US, Chinese planes 'inadvertently' close in South China Sea The aircraft came within 305 meters of each other in the vicinity of the Scarborough Shoal, between the Philippines and the Chinese mainland Most Read Another blow for Trump as federal court also says no to travel ban 1 day ago Why Trump is a paper tiger 3 days ago 'Racist, sexist' Trump not welcome in British parliament, says Speaker 3 days ago Barber uses blowtorch to style hair In Ramadan Odwan's barbershop in Gaza, hair isn't just blow-dried, it's blowtorch-dried. "People have gone crazy about it, many people are curious to go through the experience and they are not ... Most Read Oprah sold this artwork for $150-million 1 day ago Man arrested for bugging All Blacks team meeting in Sydney 2 days ago The search for the best chocolate in the world is over ... 7 days ago WATCH: ’95 World Cup heroes carry Joost's casket during moving Loftus memorial Led by Francois Pienaar, members of the 1995 World Cup team and management carry Joost van der Westhuizen's coffin onto the pitch at Loftus for his memorial service Most Read WATCH: The Joost tribute song that brought the nation to tears 4 days ago WATCH: ’95 World Cup heroes carry Joost's casket during moving Loftus memorial 22 hours ago Russian runner’s doping ban could give Caster Semenya a belated Olympic gold 20 hours ago CHARMAIN NAIDOO: There it was again, the reptilian laugh as the MPs screamed 'This week, I dug deep to find some way to understand the violence and the racism and the anger and the confusion and the hate at the State of the Nation address' Most Read CHARMAIN NAIDOO: There it was again, the reptilian laugh as the MPs screamed 1 day ago JONATHAN JANSEN: Are you teaching your kids how to grow in a free society? 2 days ago CHARMAIN NAIDOO: How will we remember them when they’re gone? 28 days ago Most Read Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, Myeni, the Guptas and the grab for SAA 'Nene’s directive was said to have incensed Myeni. She, two other board members, and the acting-CEO Musa Zwane, wrote to Zuma to intervene' 03 February 2017 - 12:20 PM Lily Gosam SAA boss Dudu Myeni and President Jacob Zuma. Picture: GCIS IMPORTANT NOTICE: Lily Gosam is a psuedonym and Lily Gosam does not tweet or write Facebook posts or publish on social media. Any accounts appearing with the name Lily Gosam are fake accounts and in no way reflect the views, opinions, likes or dislikes of Lily Gosam. The scheme to hijack South Africa’s national carrier financially has since crashed and burned, thanks to the heroics of Nene, Gordhan and others. Nevertheless the implications of what was attempted needs to be understood, as the ramifications are profound. Pre-flight check In 2002, SAA entered into a purchase agreement with Airbus to acquire A320-200 aircraft. From a total order of 20x A320s, the first ten were delivered in 2013. But in order to defray costs, SAA immediately sold the aircraft - with the approval of Airbus - to Pembroke (the aviation division of Standard Chartered, an international bank) and then SAA leased the aircraft back [1]. The final order of 10x A320s were set to be delivered between 2015 and 2017, with a series of pre-delivery payments falling due. Prior to delivery of the aircraft, SAA was endemically cash-strapped, and so was struggling to fulfil its obligations. Furthermore, because of escalations built into the original purchase agreement with Airbus, the amount due for the 10 aircraft exceeded their market value. To rectify the onerous contract, SAA and Airbus came up with a sensible, and even elegant, solution [2]. Since SAA's previous purchase had resulted in an immediate sale and lease-back, Airbus agreed to cancel the purchase agreement and the outstanding order of 10x A320s, and instead it would lease to SAA 5x A330-300s (a more modern, more fuel efficient, and longer ranged aircraft) [3][4]. This swap transaction would result in Airbus refunding SAA R1.3 billion of payments the airline had already made towards the as yet undelivered ten A320s, it would absolve SAA of the outstanding R5.2 billion pre-delivery payments for the A320s, and it nullified R1 billion in payment impairments resulting from the price versus market-value difference [5]. In September 2015, the swap transaction was unconditionally approved by treasury, under Nene [6]. Yet, the SAA board and its chairperson, Duduzile (“Dudu”) Myeni, refused to sign off on the deal [Fin24]. Myeni is said to be a close personal friend of Zuma and is seen as untouchable [7][8]. There were rumours that their relationship was romantic [9][10], but this was denied by Zuma in a December 2015 statement, a couple of days after he had fired Nene [11]. Myeni is the chairperson of the Jacob Zuma Foundation. Sam Sole reported in August 2012 for Amabhungane that the Foundation’s memorandum of association states that it is a public benefit organisation, promoting community-based projects and the provision of educational programmes for “abandoned, abused, neglected, orphaned or homeless children” [12]. In that same article, Sole stated that Myeni ran the foundation from her private house in Richard’s Bay [13]. As at August 2012, the Foundation had not released an annual report since its registration in 2008 [14], and in a January 2015 Daily Maverick article by Rebecca Davis it stated that there appeared to be little transparency about the foundation’s operations or funding [15]. City Press reported in July 2015 that Myeni was making tens of thousands of rands selling access to Zuma, using her private company, Dudu Myeni Consulting, which charges for meetings with and introductions to “HE”, an abbreviation for His Excellency President Jacob Zuma [16]. In that same subject, City Press stated that Myeni, speaking through her lawyers, refused to comment on detailed questions, despite initial undertakings to do so in telephone conversations and emails [17].)      Fly in the ointment Myeni - without the agreement or involvement of SAA executives [18][19], but claiming as much [20] - approached Airbus directly to renegotiate the swap transaction. She insisted that an unnamed “African leasing company” was to act as financier in a straight-out purchase of the aircraft [21][22], after which it would lease the aircraft to SAA. Myeni stated that the financier had R6 billion available, and that her hand-picked transaction advisor would manage the process [M&G] [23][24]. The media has since established that Quartile Capital was the African leasing company in question, and its chief executive, Modise Motloba, was Myeni’s transactional advisor [25]. (How the company intended financing the purchase remains a mystery.) Nevertheless, at the time, several SAA executives were in the dark about the identity of the company Myeni was lobbying for [26][27][28]; and Myeni failed to take the public into her confidence (so it was left to the media to uncover the truth). Treasury, too, was not informed of the identity of the local leasing company, or how it intended financing the deal [29], or even what the proposed leasing terms were - which treasury was concerned may be “more onerous than assumed by SAA” [30]. After Myeni had met with Airbus, the head of sales at Airbus called the then SAA CFO Wolf Meyer and allegedly said, “What the f**k is going on here?” [31] [For those who are interested, Myeni made Airbus two payment proposals, both resulting in SAA leasing the aircraft from the African leasing company: 1. The leasing company lends money to SAA-> SAA pays Airbus and receives the aircraft -> SAA sells the aircraft to the leasing company -> the leasing company leases the aircraft to SAA; or 2. The leasing company buys the aircraft directly from Airbus -> the leasing company then leases the aircraft to SAA [32]. Myeni showed no preference for either option, as long as, in the end, SAA leased the aircraft through the African leasing company. Myeni eventually justified her actions by stating that SAA would prefer leasing the aircraft from a domestic company rather than Airbus or any other non-local company, because that way it would ensure that SAA is not exposed to currency fluctuations, as the lease agreement would be rand-denominated. However, aviation experts together with an ex-SAA board member, Russell Loubser, have rubbished Myeni’s claims, on the basis that the domestic financier would price in the dollar-denominated asset into the contract [33][34][35]. SAA in the doodoo In short order, Airbus rejected Myeni’s proposal, as it failed to meet its internal compliance standards [36]. Since the swap transaction had, by all accounts, fallen through, Airbus issued a formal letter to SAA for the (now overdue) R1.6 billion pre-delivery payments, based on the original purchase agreement[37]. As a result, a memorandum, drafted by the then CFO Meyer to the SAA board, spelt out the airline’s precarious financial position relating to the Airbus transaction swap [38][39]. (SAA successfully applied for an urgent gag order of the memo through the courts, but the High Court later set aside the gag, marking a significant victory for media freedom). By not accepting the swap transaction, the memo stated that SAA was required to make Airbus pre-delivery payments, but that the airline did not have sufficient cash resources to pay Airbus as well as all its other debts [40]. SAA had been given R14.5 billion in state guarantees, but only R3 billion remained [41]. (The national carrier is said to currently require at least R14 billion more [42]). The memo warned the board that should Airbus issue a notice of default or terminate the purchase agreement for breach, it could trigger cross-default clauses on other loans and leases – meaning that banks and lessors have the right to call for full repayment of all outstanding debt (plus claims for damages), which would amount to some R11 billion [43]. This would result in financial distress and/or insolvency for SAA. The memo stated that by having not accepted the swap transaction, there were reasonable grounds to show that the board had carried out its business “recklessly” or “negligently”, and under such circumstances, any director of the company was liable for any loss, damages or costs sustained by the company. The memo concluded that SAA was financially distressed, and thus the board had to either place SAA in Business Rescue, or the directors were obliged to urgently file for liquidation. It was recommended that the board secure funding, and immediately revive and finalise the swap transaction with Airbus [44]. On 3 of December 2015, treasury determined that SAA had failed to produce any evidence that the airline would be in a better financial position if it pursued the arrangement Myeni proposed. Furthermore, it determined that, "A default would have severe negative consequences for SAA and could have spill-over consequences for the country as a whole. Specifically it would negatively impact on government’s capacity to deliver on its social and developmental objectives." [45][46] That same day, Nene ordered SAA’s chair and board to ratify the swap transaction before 21 of December, or the SAA board would be deemed to have breached the Public Finance Management Act. This would constitute an act of financial misconduct, which could be grounds for sanction against the board [47]. The police started a probe into SAA. Nene’s directive was said to have incensed Myeni. She, two other board members, and the acting-CEO Musa Zwane, wrote to Zuma to intervene (Business Report) [48]. During this period, Nene was believed to have been on the verge of announcing a new SAA board, as was his right as finance minister [49][50]. On the 9 of December 2015, Zuma fired Nene (just hours after the SAA board held a meeting) [51]. Consequently, the original purchase for 10x A320s remained enforceable by Airbus, and R1.6 billion pre-delivery payments became payable on 21 of December 2015 [52][53]. On the 13 of December 2015, Gordhan was appointed new finance minister. On the 21 of December 2015, the SAA board approved the transaction swap at the 11 hour [54]. And, on the 28 of December 2015, the lease agreement between SAA and Airbus was officially concluded [55][56]. That’s how close we came to the liquidation of South African Airways, thanks to the negligence and recklessness of Myeni and her supporters on the board. The good, the bad, and the ugly Myeni’s stated reasons for trying to renegotiate the Airbus lease deal were, according to ex-SAA board member Russell Loubser, just plain “stupid”[57]. So the question remains – What were her real intentions? Some have speculated that it was an attempt to solicit “rents” [58] or “incentive payments”[59].  Loubser (in an interview with Alex Hogg) said that to get to the bottom of what was attempted at SAA, all one needed to do was “shine the sunlight” onto the African leasing company involved in the renegotiations and then “you’ll see the largesse that is being dished out.”[60] So let’s start there. The African leasing company that Myeni referred to in her dealings with Airbus were said to have secured finance of up to R6 billion [61][62]. But from whom? Who was hiding behind the African leasing company? In a letter to the SAA board written in October 2015 (and seen by M&G’s amaBhungane), Myeni wrote, “a South African third party has indicated that it wishes to make a funding proposal … This consortium comprises both private and state-controlled financial institutions” [63][64]. And at a standing committee of finance (Scof) in Parliament in November 2015, Myeni asserted that local banks as well as the Public Investment Corporation (PIC) and the Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) had expressed an appetite for the deal [65]. Nene determined that these assertions were misleading and unsubstantiated [66][67]. So the question arises: why did Myeni structure a deal to purchase the aircraft through the African leasing company – and the “third party” it represented – when they did not actually have the “R6 billion” to finance it? In answer, it is possible that Myeni, her supporters, and backers found themselves in a Mexican standoff. The “third party” could not raise the funds for the renegotiated Airbus deal until Nene approved it (because it would then be government guaranteed), and Nene would not sign off on the deal until the third party proved they had the funds and had spelt out their terms and conditions. In other words, the third party was demanding Nene sign a blank cheque, so that they could use it as collateral to raise the necessary funds; and Nene refused to sign on the dotted line until they had proved their side of the bargain. Someone had to blink, and it ended up being Nene, by being fired. (Fiona Forde of the Financial Mail reported that in a statement issued from Zuma’s office a couple of days after he axed Nene - when the president was forced to explain his reckless move in an effort to contain the economic chaos that followed - he said it was because the SA government had identified Nene as the preferred candidate to head the Africa Regional Centre of the New Development Bank, BRICS Bank. However, nearly two months after Nene’s dismissal, the Financial Mail was informed by him that he was still in the dark about the job and had not had any communication with either Shanghai or Pretoria. “I still have not received a formal offer,” Nene said [68][69] . The Rand Daily Mail’s headline read simply, “Zuma lied about Nene ‘job’ at Brics.”[70] Observers have expressed the perception that Zuma’s reasons for dropping Nene had little to do with BRICS and everything to do with needing fuller access to the fiscus for his pet projects[71].) Now, if van Rooyen (Zuma’s newly appointed featherweight finance minister, after Nene’s departure) had stayed on longer than four days, and had signed off on Myeni’s SAA deal – What then? The third party – obscured behind the African leasing company - would have most likely raised the majority of funds from government lending institutions (such as the PIC, DBSA, FDC etc) on the strength of the lease deal being guaranteed by national government. They would have then purchased the aircraft fleet, after which secured the rights to lease billions of rand’s worth of aircraft to SAA, all cloaked in a dense structure that is built for “rents”, “largess”, “incentive payments” etc. Soap opera at 30 000ft What makes Myeni’s 2015 attempted hijacking of the Airbus deal all the more remarkable, is that she had tried the scheme not once, not twice, but three times, including a procurement deal worth up to R70 billion [72]. But the intrigue doesn’t stop there – there was alleged bribery, mass resignations, people forced out, secret emails, and a cryptic sms… In August 2012 the SAA fleet committee recommended the purchase of 23x long-haul A350 Airbus at a cost of up to R70 billion [73]; and the board, under Cheryl Carolus, approved the choice, as part of the board’s 20 year plan for the airline [74]. However, a month later, in September 2012, the public enterprises ministry, under Malusi Gigaba, said that there was no more cash for SAA, and so the programme had to be revised, to be aligned with a long-term strategy that was being developed [75]. M&G wrote that the ministry’s explanation of why the procurement process was placed on hold was called into question by allegations of a disturbing pattern of interference in procurement matters [76]. (Procurement demands for an African leasing company and an unknown transactional advisor, perhaps?) In September 2012, after Gigaba delayed tabling the airline’s financial statements, seven out of 14 SAA board members and the chair, Cheryl Carolus, all resigned in protest [77].  Myeni was one of the board members not to resign. Two days after the mass resignations, Gigaba appointed Vuyisile Kona as SAA’s acting board chair. One week later, in early October 2012, CEO Siza Mzimela and key members of the fleet committee resigned. Fast running out of personnel, SAA appointed Kona as acting-CEO while he retained his acting-chairmanship. In effect, the separation of powers at the airline had disappeared, thus endangering corporate governance [M&G]. Two weeks later, in late October 2012, Kona was invited by Gigaba’s special advisor, Siyabonga Mahlangu, to what was termed a “stakeholder” meeting at the Gupta family’s Saxonwold home in Johannesburg [Sunday Times] [78]. (As an aside, M&G reported that Mahlangu [79] was a key player in securing a deal for the Gupta-owned newspaper the New Age with SAA. Mahlangu denied putting pressure on state entities in this regard.) The Saxonwold meeting was attended by Mahlangu, Rajesh “Tony” Gupta, Zuma’s son Duduzane, and Free State premier Ace Magashule’s son Tshepiso. (The Sunday Times spoke to several sources who had knowledge of the meeting). Tony and Duduzane are directors of the black economic empowerment group, Mabengela [80][81][82], which was involved in purchasing a minority share of the Shiva Uranium mine within the Gupta-owned Oakbay Resources and Energy (Oakbay). In a press statement in 2010, Oakbay highlighted a consortium of black economic empowerment investors that formed part of the company’s shareholding, it included: Mabengela Investments; the Umkonto weSizwe War Veterans Women's Group; and the MK War Veterans [83][84]. Tshepiso (the Free State premier’s son), who was also present at the meeting, listed Mabengela as his employer. The meeting was said to have dissolved after Kona allegedly refused a R500 000 cash offer from Tony; the Sunday Times article does not specify what the money was for, but that Kona said “No” and left. Kona later told at least one confidante that he was stunned by what had transpired at the meeting. (According to the Sunday Times, Mahlangu and Tshepiso denied knowledge of the cash offer or that any illegal activities were discussed; attempts to speak to Kona by the newspaper were unsuccessful; and a spokesman for the Gupta family said that nothing unlawful was discussed and that the meeting was regarding possibly switching their corporate travel business to SAA). After the meeting, Kona confided the events to his fellow board member Myeni. When rumours of the meeting began to leak, Mahlangu sms’ed Kona at the end of November 2012, saying "Uyangithengisa [you are selling me out]. Why did you let her know that u knew where she was going. U will compromise the mission." M&G said that it appears likely that the text message was in reference to Kona’s discussion with Myeni, who was appointed acting-chairperson of SAA a week later. While, a well-placed SAA source told M&G that, “The ‘mission’ was clearly this contract [for 23x A350s], all of these contracts.” The contract being considered at the time were for the 23x large long-haul A350 Airbus aircraft worth R70 billion[85], and the contract for the purchase of A320s was ongoing. (Mahlangu denied there was any connection between his text message and Kona’s meeting with the Gutpas.) Almost immediately after Kona had arrived at SAA, he had demanded access to information about key, large contracts. But his efforts all ground to a halt not long after Mahlangu's November 2012 text message. Kona was removed as acting SAA chair, with Myeni assuming the position; the SAA security department began spying on him and would later send its reports to Myeni [Business Day]; the board began overruling him over appointments and union negotiations; in February 2013, the SAA board announced his “cautionary suspension” as acting-CEO; and in March 2013, Gigaba removed him from the board, citing a breakdown in trust. [The above subsection is based on a 17 March 2013 article by Sabelo Skiti of the Sunday Times entitled “Guptas tried to ‘buy’ SAA boss with R500k”, and a follow up article by Sam Sole and Lionel Faull of the Mail & Guardian on 22 March 2013 entitled “R10bn contract behind the dogfight at SAA” . A few months after these articles were published, the Gupta family sued the Sunday Times and the M&G for R500 million each. The Gupta’s court papers said the articles were “wrongful and defamatory” and were intended and understood by the reader to mean that Rajesh Gupta and the family were “dishonest, corrupt and deceitful”[86]. Both editors of the M&G and Sunday Times at the time called the lawsuit amount “ludicrous” and the M&G editor viewed it as more about intimidation than justice. The Sunday Times editor added that not only were they sure of their facts, but that they believed a trial would shed some much-needed light on the way the Gupta family does business in South Africa [87][88]. [From the information gathered, it appears the lawsuits are dormant, and the two newspapers did not apologise or retract their articles.]  The Guptas have known business interests in the aviation industry. A Bombardier jet is registered to the company Westdawn Investments [89], which is majority-owned by the Guptas and partnered with Duduzane Zuma. In August 2015, the jet was leased for the deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa’s trip to Japan (accompanied by a delegation) at a cost of R5 million to government [90]. Atul Gupta was a nonexecutive member of Comair and the Guptas owned a 5% stake in the airline (until Comair did a share buyback in February 2015) [91][92][93]. Peter Bruce wrote in Business Day that the Guptas have been keen on a stake in SAA for years and would happily take the opportunity if it arose [94]. In April/May 2013, Airbus had delivered the first batch of 10x A320s, and as stated earlier, the SAA board quickly resolved to sell the ten aircraft to Pembroke and then lease them back; the swap transaction eventually took place in July 2013, but not before a peculiar delay [95]. In June 2013, one month before the Pembroke swap transaction was concluded, Monwabisi Kalawe took up office as SAA CEO. He would later allege in an affidavit filed at the Labour Court in April 2015 as well as to M&G, that Meyni attempted on numerous occasions to reduce the board’s resolution of lease-swapping from ten aircraft, to just two. Kalawe said that in his view, Myeni was intent on securing a direct purchase arrangement with Airbus for the remaining eight aircraft[96]. His assertion is in line with a letter that Business Day had seen which was signed by six SAA non-executive directors and sent in January 2014. It was addressed to Myeni and the then minister of public enterprises Gigaba. In the letter, the directors expressed their “major dissatisfaction” with Myeni’s leadership[97]. (After Business Day broke the story in April 2014, Myeni said that she rejected the letter’s allegations as untrue and without merit, and that she had responded in writing to the letter, refuting in factual detail each and every inference). The nonexecutive directors alleged in the letter that Myeni personally pursued alternative funding for the A320 aircraft without the involvement of the relevant executives. In addition, she made four attempts to have the number of aircraft to be purchased under the Pembroke package reduced from the 10 that the board had approved to two [98]. The directors also alleged that she went as far as writing to Gigaba claiming that the board had amended its resolution from financing 10 aircraft, to two. "This amounted to a gross misrepresentation of the facts," the directors said [99][100]. An insider speaking to Business Day said the government preferred to secure local, rand-denominated financing and this was the reason for the delay in the 10x A320s lease swap. Two months after it was agreed by the board, the Pembroke lease swap finally went through for the 10 aircraft. (As an aside, the then CEO Kalawe was suspended by Myeni in October 2014 [101]. Public enterprise minister Lynn Brown demanded his reinstatement in November 2014, as Myeni had given no reasons for his suspension – a month later SAA was transferred out of the public enterprise ministry into treasury. Kalawe resigned as CEO in April 2015 [102]). In July 2013, the same time the Pembroke swap was concluded, a rift developed between Gigaba and Myeni, as the board complained that Myeni had issued the request for proposals for 23 long-haul aircraft worth R70 billion without their consent and without informing Gigaba [Sunday Times] [103][104]. A month prior, Myeni had allegedly misrepresented the facts to him about the board’s decision to lease all 10x A320s [105][106][107] not just two. In addition, Myeni allegedly arranged a meeting with one of the bidding companies during the procurement process for the long-haul aircraft. The Sunday Times saw the e-mail in which Myeni invited other board members to her meeting with aircraft manufacture Airbus in October 2013. In the e-mail, Myeni said a meeting with another bidder, Boeing, had not been confirmed [108][109]. Insiders told the Sunday Times that board members cautioned her about holding a meeting with Airbus during the bidding process. In January 2014, Gigaba announced that he had ordered the withdrawal of SAA’s tender for the 23 long haul aircraft, as it did not comply with government policies. “There must be benefits for our country,” Gigaba said [110]. Later, some senior managers quoted Myeni as boasting that before the May 2014 elections she was going to get rid of Gigaba and her opponents on the board [111]. Myeni was only slightly wrong - Gigaba was removed from his post by Zuma three weeks after the May 2014 general elections, and not before. (During that same cabinet reshuffle, Nene was appointed as finance minister in place of Gordhan.) Thus, as it turns out, Myeni’s attempt in 2015 to strong-arm her way into the Airbus deal was not exceptional; it’s corporate governance best practise Myeni-style. But this time, instead of coming up against the minister of public enterprises, she - with Zuma and his benefactors - took on finance minister Nene, and got far more than they ever bargained for. The vial high club As devious as the above graft-from-craft scheme could have been; it is likely that an even more sinister plot was afoot. In February 2015, treasury had refused to recapitalise SAA (beyond the R14.5 billion guarantees it had already provided [112]), and so the airline had to find ways to raise a further R14 billion, by debt-restructuring and consolidation. How the airline was meant to do that resulted in constant accusations and disagreements between the board and the executive, including accusations by Myeni against the then CFO Meyer that he was unjustly excluding certain unnamed players from the process. (Meyer eventually resigned in November 2015 [113].) In Myeni’s October 2015 letter to the board, in which she referred to a funding proposal by a “third party” - she also recommended that the African leasing company should be appointed to advise the board on consolidating all of SAA’s existing debt into one giant borrowing transaction of R15 billion [114]. This raises the question of whether this “third party” of unnamed players was perhaps prepared to bankroll SAA’s entire debt - not just the purchase of aircraft – by, as proposed before, raising the majority of funds from government lending institutions? An SAA insider told Business Report that after Nene had closed all avenues for further engagement on Myeni’s Airbus deal in December 2015, they had sought Zuma’s intervention, because SAA had secured R14 billion funding from the Free State Development Corporation [115] (FDC). Thus, the motive may have been far bigger than the mere leasing of a few jumbos – it was likely an attempt at the “grabification” of SAA itself. (Read on for a definition.) Grabification In the 1990’s, after the fall of the Soviet Union, the Russian economy was in disarray, while the government was severely cash strapped and saddled with badly managed State Owned Enterprises (SOE’s). In order for the government to raise much-needed funds, it was decided that the Russian banks would lend the government money, in exchange for temporary stakes in the SOEs. If the government defaulted on its loans, the banks then got to keep their stakes. The banks eagerly obliged, and as expected, the government defaulted on its loans, resulting in the banks taking ownership of their SOE stakes at fire-sale prices. Russian voters called this policy “grabification” [Business Insider] [116]. The scenario with SAA: The airline would consolidate all of its existing debt (with the “help” of a local leasing fronting company) into one giant borrowing transaction worth R15 billion, and then secure funding through a “third party”, with onerous terms. The third party would then sit back and wait for the struggling SOE to default on its payments. Inevitably this would occur, thus ensuring the third party are the first in line to take a substantial stake in the (yet again) near-bankrupt SAA at a fire-sale price. What this means of course is the privatisation of SAA, either partially or totally. But as opposed to a rational, well-considered privatisation process, which is based on sound economic principles to strengthen all SOEs as a collective, grabification involves privatisation of an SOE through brute force, after it has already been pummelled to its knees. (Under such circumstances, instead of calling it “privatisation”, Peter Bruce in Business Day proposed the word: “alienation” [117]. It could also be called “insider privatisation”, but “grabification” is equally apt.) For grabification to succeed, the SOE must be vulnerable, mismanaged, and cash strapped. This may explain (the otherwise inexplicable reasons for) Myeni’s appointment at SAA, when she lacks any of the skills and qualifications required[118]. Moreover, any transaction that may improve the SOEs sorry state would be sabotaged until after grabification had been achieved. Thus grabification may also explain why a deal such as that between SAA and Emirates Airlines in July 2015 - which would have generated approximately R1.7 billion [119] within 18 months for the near-bankrupt SAA [120] - was stopped by Myeni just hours before a “partnership signing” event was due to take place in a hotel room in Paris, France. The president of Emirates was to fly out especially for the signing.  The Sunday Times reported that all indications were that the senior SAA executive backed the deal with Emirates, as did several of the few remaining board members [121]. SAA’s then acting-CEO Nico Bezuidenhout, together with Myeni, and SAA’s chief commercial officer were meant to fly out to Paris for the signing, but Myeni was a no-show. Bezuidenhout was telephoned by Myeni at 1 a.m. and told not to sign. A source said that a red-faced Bezuidenhout had walked into the Paris hotel room where the Emirates team were, and informed them that he could not proceed with the signing. The Emirates officials were said to be livid about SAA’s about-turn [Sunday Times, Rand Daily Mail, Business Day] [122][123][124][125][126].  Four days after the incident, Bezuidenhout allegedly explained in an e-mail to the board and SAA top executives that, “In the early hours of June 16 I received a call from the SAA chair, advising that the chair had received a call from the President on this matter.” [127] [Business Day]. The email went on to say that, “I advised Emirates that we don’t have complete unanimity at this time and that I do not want to be in contradiction with my chair on this matter.” Two analysts suggested that involvement by Zuma, if true, would amount to interference and a violation of corporate governance [128]. (An SAA spokesman denied the matter had ever been referred to Zuma [129]). Myeni failed to respond to journalists’ questions about, amongst other things, whether Zuma called her personally to stop the agreement between SAA and Emirates; and in Parliament Myeni again refused to answer the same question[130]. A few weeks after the email, acting-CEO Bezuidenhout was encouraged to leave SAA with an offer from Mango, and the job specifications for SAA’s CEO position were changed to include qualifications he did not possess [Business Day][131]. Grabification could perhaps also explain why when public enterprise minister Brown announced in November 2014 that government would seek potential buyers for an equity stake in SAA as part of a recovery plan, that a month later SAA was unceremoniously jolted out of her ministry to treasury, under Nene [132][133]. One final observation regarding the alleged grabification attempt of SAA. It could well be described as “grabification-lite” because instead of the “third party” using its own money to gain a stake in a SOE, it was allegedly trying to raise capital through government financial institutions (e.g. the DBSA, PIC, and FDC). This adds an extra dynamic, and the implications are profound. To illustrate: if the “third party” planned to finance the Myeni Airbus deal in large part through the Free State Development Corporation (FDC) - as an SAA insider claimed - and this was done with the approval of the Free State provincial government, then one would have the nonsensical situation where the Free State province bankrolled a private organisation to prey on vulnerable state assets, resulting in a kind of twisted government cannibalism. Under such circumstances, the Free State could be viewed as a rogue state. In summary, it is probable that state funds - be it from provincial or national sources, and thus by all intents and purposes is government bailout money – would have been loaned to a private third party (with presidential influence). The third party would then channel the funds through a middleman to SAA, which in return would be forced to sign an onerous contract. National government would then be saddled indirectly with all the risks, responsibilities, and costs of that “loan” while paying an obscure entity. Upon SAA’s payment default, the third party would take part or full ownership of SAA and its fleet of aircraft, based on a fire-sale value. So instead of national government providing SAA directly with bailout guarantees, it would be providing a hidden private “third party” with those guarantees in an onerous contract. Therefore, it was all an alleged attempt to grab a private stake in SAA using government money to do it. BEEs are a-buzzing Black Economic Empowerment legislation (BEE) was enacted to help normalise South African society from the distortions and prejudices of the past, in a responsible and judicious way. It should be a positive and transformative process, ultimately to the benefit of the country as a whole. But when these policies are exploited by those in positions of power for their own nefarious purposes, then rather than encouraging social cohesion, its abuse does the exact opposite.  In Zuma’s February 2015 State of the Nation speech, he said that government will set-aside 30% of appropriate categories of state procurement for purchasing from small business [134]. SAA, under Myeni and her supporters, decided to treat Zuma’s comment as an “instruction” [135] – as if Zuma’s every utterance is law, without the necessity of it first being recognized as government policy in the normal course of a constitutional democracy.  In July 2015, SAA began demanding that a 30% share of its contracts with service providers must be transferred to black-owned small businesses - apparently nominated by SAA - irrespective of the service providers’ existing BEE credentials. (Moneyweb provided a real-life example:  A SAA service provider was already over 60% black empowered, and so by transferring a further 30% to an as yet unknown black-owned SMME would have resulted in just below 75% black shareholding). Corporate governance expert Charl Kocks of Ratings Afrika told Moneyweb that it is untenable for companies to tender, not knowing who will be given to them as partners. “Who at SAA will identify the entities that will benefit?” Kocks asked [136]. He said that, besides market competitiveness being diluted with this kind of central control and inefficiencies, it opens the door for corruption. As a result, companies may either avoid doing business with government, or build in substantial risk premiums that will be paid by the people of South Africa [137]. Three independent sources within SAA told Moneyweb that all existing maintenance and services contracts with SAA were being reviewed by the board to monitor compliance with transformation requirements. This has “got completely out of hand”, Moneyweb was told, with certain board members interfering in procurement, including that of fuel, and insisting on having 30% of contracts set-aside for small businesses with no track record in aviation [138]. (Two other state-owned companies have also started implementing Zuma’s 30% directive [139][140], including Eskom which is managed by CEO Brian Molefe – who tried to secure funding for Zuma from the PIC for the Gupta-Zuma uranium mine in 2010 - and CFO Anoj Singh – who allegedly helped facilitate kickbacks paid from Neotel to an ex-Gupta associate while Singh was CFO at Transnet, according to the M&G. Transnet, on Singh’s behalf, denied he had been involved or that there were any factual basis for the allegations against him.) In September 2015, DTI’s acting B-BBEE commissioner ordered SAA to cease implementing the 30% set-aside until it was approved by government. And treasury’s chief procurement officer, Kenneth Brown, wrote to SAA informing them that their 30% set-aside is not supported by a procurement legal framework “and must be stopped with immediate effect.”[141] In reference to a specific SAA contract being altered to include the 30% set-aside with a service provider, the then SAA CFO Meyer warned the board that the proposed amendments would be non-compliant with supply chain policies, the Public Finance Management Act and good governance [142]. In a constitutional democracy, the president is not a law unto himself. In an interview with News24, Myeni said, “Transformation means somebody out there must be able to say there was once a caring board at SAA and that it brought change at the parastatal.” She added, “Maybe it is only the rich people that do not like transformation, I don’t know…. The majority of South Africans are becoming impatient, they want to see change.” [143] Business Day said that Myeni supporters, including those on the SAA board, argued the intense scrutiny of the SAA board and executives is due to opposition to her efforts to “transform” the airline, and those who leaked information were trying to keep SAA in “white hands” [144]. Myeni herself said to EWN, “Because we’re focusing on transformation, I’m being attacked left, right and centre.”[145] An insider interviewed by M&G said that Myeni’s claims that she wants localisation and transformation are a “smokescreen” [146]. In Menyi’s October 2015 letter to the SAA board - in which she referred to an unnamed “third party” for funding, as well as the consolidation of SAA’s R15 billion debt into a “giant borrowing transaction” by her preferred transactional advisor - she further stated that SAA’s current request for proposals (RFP) for the R15 billion transaction was flawed. She wrote, “The current RFP does not talk about 8-BEE and the 30% set aside, a clear demonstration of a deliberate strategy to continue to exclude historically disadvantaged groupings and military veterans in contradiction of board resolutions.”[147] As it just so happens, in an Oakbay press statement in May 2010, Mabengela Investments, along with the MK War Veterans and its War Veterans women’s group [148][149], were listed as part of a consortium of black economic empowerment shareholders by the Gupta-controlled company, to explain how a government financial institution (the IDC) came to fund, on the face of it, R250 million for a R275 million uranium mine purchase [150][151]. Moreover, the source of Oakbay’s funding is not dissimilar to that proffered by the “third party” in Myeni’s letter to the board, and what Myeni said in person to treasury. In the case of the purchase of Shiva Uranium, the raising of funds were from government sources (the IDC), allegedly helped by their presidential links, and resulted in the Guptas winning the lion’s share of the company. So, Myeni’s insistence on a 30% BEE component in the “giant borrowing transaction” and its composition happens to fit miraculously with that of the consortium of BEE shareholders which the Guptas used to raise government funds to eventually obtain a majority share in the private company. While the lender, the IDC, was given a minority stake in the company, as payment for the loan. It is also interesting that the directors of Mabengela - Duduzane and Tony - were present at the “stakeholder” meeting where Tony allegedly offered Kona R500 000. This occurred around the time SAA was looking to procure R70 billions worth of aircraft, and a few months before the delivery of the first 10x A320s, for which Myeni attempted to force a direct purchase of eight of the aircraft, against the board’s decision. Equally intriguing is that Tshepiso – an employee of Mabengela and also present at the Gupta meeting - is the son of Ace Magashule, a staunch Zuma loyalist, and premier of the Free State. This, coincidentally, is where one finds the Free State Development Corporation (FDC), that was said by an insider to be allegedly willing and able to provide R14 billion for the local leasing of aircraft to SAA. All of this illustrates the dangers of perverting empowerment policies so that it becomes nothing more than a vehicle to dispense patronage to family members, benefactors and supporters. And, as a consequence, it disempowers the majority for the grotesque benefit of an elite few. In Zuma’s predatory state transformational policies have only invited a feast amongst the wolves. As an aside: An investigation by the M&G allegedly linked the FDC, the Free State government, the Free State premier Ace Magashule, the then Free State Agricultural MEC Zwane - now mineral resources minister - and the Guptas to the Vrede dairy project, which promised the community 51% BEE ownership, but unknown beneficiaries had already been selected. The project was riddled with irregularities, including inflated pricing, 30 dead cows and calves, and the unilateral handing over of government funds and resources to a private company with alleged links to the Guptas. The company had no history of running a dairy farm, and its sole director worked in information technology with apparently no farming background. The project, which was to cost over half a billion rand, was shut down after treasury conducted an investigation; but not before R144 million had already been spent, for which the Free State province had practically nothing to show for it, except an even more impoverished community – some of whom had sold their cattle to be part of the project [153][154]. The local chair of the African Farmers Association of South Africa in Vrede, Ephraim Dlamini, said, “Politicians don’t understand…these are people’s lives.” [M&G]. As to SAA, a Business Day editorial stated it succinctly: It is time that cronyism, to which many SAA board members owe their places on the board, is regarded as anti-transformational and rejected with contempt [155]. You reap what you SOE The objective of grabification is not to create functioning, efficient SOE’s, but rather to run them into the ground so that they are ripe for the picking. As a Business Day editorial observed, “Incompetence is one thing, and there is a fair amount of that in the governance structures of SA’s state-owned entities. But the deliberate and destructive flouting of the principles of governance and of plain good business is entirely another” [156]. After firing Nene, hiring van Rooyen, firing van Rooyen and hiring Gordhan in a space of six days, Zuma broke his silence, and said, “Government… remains committed to provide support to state-owned companies in a fiscally sustainable manner, including South African Airways.” [157] Yet, Independent Online (IOL) wrote that irregular deals, poor financial management, impunity of culprits, and business challenges have contributed to the R469.4 billion provided in government loan guarantees to state-owned enterprises, of which R225.9 billion has been used, according to latest treasury figures [158]. Peter Bruce in Business Day warned that the grabbing of equity in SAA can easily be applied to a host of other SOEs [159]. This includes the likes of Eskom, Prasa, SABC, SA Post Office, PetroSA and even the somewhat improved Telkom and Transnet [160]. According to Nicky Smith in a 5 of February 2016 Financial Times article, SAA has lost and failed to replace the following executive positions: a permanent CFO, a permanent CEO, a chief strategy officer, a chief procurement officer, and a chief commercial officer. The SAA board has four members, down from an average of 14. Besides the damage done to the executive level, the airline’s commercial division, which Smith says is the heart of an airline’s business, has lost: its general manager; its head of ancillary revenue; its manager in the chief commercial office; and, the head of global sales and alliances (which also oversaw network planning and scheduling, together with revenue management and pricing). Morale among SAA’s staff has tanked [161]. In December 2015, public enterprise minister Lynne Brown said in a speech to the Johannesburg Chamber of Commerce and Industry that many SOEs were in "distress" and needed close monitoring. “It is clear that the current status quo cannot be maintained as it poses major risks." [162] That same month, Gordhan - whose appointment prevented the treasury from becoming the playground of those who wanted to harvest the South African fiscus [news24] [163] - said, “We are serious that good governance is non-negotiable...we cannot have individuals thinking that state owned entities are toys for personal profit.” [164] But how long will it be before Zuma and the Guptas again make a play for it? Organs of state can only be resuscitated when people are appointed who have the required leadership skills and expertise - and who place the country’s interests before their own. This includes the office of the presidency. more by lily gosam LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power An ambitious plan to redraw provincial boundaries, control the treasury and conclude mega-deals to keep the ANC under Zuma control was hatched Politics 15 days ago The truth about the ANC's descent down the ladder of power A detailed analysis of the 2016 election shows how the party is no longer in a majority in urban areas and is losing rural voters Politics 3 months ago LILY GOSAM: Revealed - How Zuma planned to capture the country Their objectives are naïve and disastrous - so much so that they tripped at the first step, namely the firing and replacement of finance minister ... Politics 23 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the Russians — the inside story A nuclear procurement process in a constitutional democracy should be transparent, logical, considered, legal, participatory, and unbiased Politics 23 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the great media heist Lap-dog newspapers, set-top boxes, a cowering public broadcaster and a plan to own the public mind Politics 24 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma, spies, smugglers and the killing fields of Marikana 'Nothing is impossible in these days of treachery and treason' Politics 25 days ago  FOOTNOTES: [1] https://www.sc.com/en/news-and-media/news/africa/2013-07-23-landmark-deal-with-SAA-for-10-AirbusA320-200.html [2] http://www.rdm.co.za/business/2015/11/27/saa-s-latest-totally-homegrown-disaster [3] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/timeline-all-you-need-to-know-about-the-controversial-saa-airbus-deal-20151218 [4] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2015/12/17/The-secret-memo-SAA-did-not-want-you-to-see [5] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/11/08/State-fumes-as-SAA-boss-eyes-R5bn-fleet [6] http://www.politicsweb.co.za/politics/saa-why-we-said-no-to-dudu-myeni--national-treasur [7] http://www.sowetanlive.co.za/news/2015/11/19/i-dont-take-bribes-says-saa-s-dudu-myeni [8] http://www.financialmail.co.za/features/2015/12/10/zuma-fires-finance-minister-nene-rand-crashes-to-record-r1538us [9] http://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2015-01-05-the-jacob-g-zuma-foundation-doing-good-until-jesus-comes-back/#.Vrb1x49OKUk [10] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/zuma-defends-myeni-quashing-rumours-of-a-romantic-relationship-20151212 [11] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/zuma-defends-myeni-quashing-rumours-of-a-romantic-relationship-20151212 [12] http://amabhungane.co.za/article/2012-08-10-the-foundations-on-which-presidents-empire-is-built [13] http://amabhungane.co.za/article/2012-08-10-the-foundations-on-which-presidents-empire-is-built [14] http://amabhungane.co.za/article/2012-08-10-the-foundations-on-which-presidents-empire-is-built [15] http://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2015-01-05-the-jacob-g-zuma-foundation-doing-good-until-jesus-comes-back/#.Vrb1x49OKUk [16] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/Buy-face-time-with-Number-1-20150726 [17] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/Buy-face-time-with-Number-1-20150726 [18] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/10/18/Myeni-letter-puts-Airbuss-SAA-bail-out-in-danger [19] http://www.dispatchlive.co.za/news/airbus-deal-r3-1bn-risk/ [20] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [21] http://www.iol.co.za/news/politics/shady-deals-big-debt-break-zumas-vow-1.1959642 [22] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [23] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [24] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/11/08/State-fumes-as-SAA-boss-eyes-R5bn-fleet [25] http://www.bdlive.co.za/companies/2015/11/26/myenis-preferred-adviser-changes-tune-about-working-with-saa [26] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/11/08/State-fumes-as-SAA-boss-eyes-R5bn-fleet [27] http://www.bdlive.co.za/companies/2015/11/26/myenis-preferred-adviser-changes-tune-about-working-with-saa [28] http://ewn.co.za/2015/11/12/Uncertainty-looms-around-SAA-plane-deal [29] http://www.politicsweb.co.za/documents/saa-why-we-said-no-to-dudu-myeni--national-treasur [30] http://www.politicsweb.co.za/documents/saa-why-we-said-no-to-dudu-myeni--national-treasur [31] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [32] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/TravelAndLeisure/SAA-execs-did-not-broker-best-Airbus-deal-leaked-memo-20151020 [33] http://www.dispatchlive.co.za/news/saa-appoints-new-ceo/ [34] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2015/11/18/crisis-hit-saa-dumps-acting-ceo [35] http://www.fin24.com/BizNews/russell-loubser-saa-only-voters-can-stop-the-plundering-by-anc-cronies-20151208 [36] http://m.news24.com/fin24/companies/industrial/timeline-all-you-need-to-know-about-the-controversial-saa-airbus-deal-20151218 [37] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/11/10/editorial-reckless-myeni-a-liability-to-saa [38] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [39] http://www.biznews.com/leadership/2015/12/18/to-rent-or-buy-saa-airbus-deal-still-on-the-table-deadline-21-dec/ [40] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2015/12/17/The-secret-memo-SAA-did-not-want-you-to-see [41] http://www.bdlive.co.za/companies/2015/11/26/myenis-preferred-adviser-changes-tune-about-working-with-saa [42] http://www.bdlive.co.za/companies/2015/11/26/myenis-preferred-adviser-changes-tune-about-working-with-saa [43] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [44] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/saa-memo-what-they-didnt-want-you-to-know-20151217 [45] http://www.politicsweb.co.za/politics/saa-why-we-said-no-to-dudu-myeni--national-treasur [46] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/saa-meets-deadline-for-airbus-swap-deal-20151228 [47] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/nene-rules-on-saa-airbus-swap-20151203 [48] http://www.financialmail.co.za/features/2015/12/17/saa-gordhans-test [49] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-12-22-myeni-fought-saa-deal-to-bitter-end [50] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/12/13/Nene-on-SAA-I-did-what-was-best-for-the-country [51] http://www.iol.co.za/business/companies/saa-intrigue-unseats-nene-1.1958792 [52] http://www.iol.co.za/business/companies/nene-tells-saa-to-lease-airbuses-1.1956115 [53] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/11/08/State-fumes-as-SAA-boss-eyes-R5bn-fleet [54] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-12-22-myeni-fought-saa-deal-to-bitter-end [55] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/saa-meets-deadline-for-airbus-swap-deal-20151228 [56] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-12-22-myeni-fought-saa-deal-to-bitter-end [57] http://www.biznews.com/interviews/2015/12/08/russell-loubser-saa-only-voters-can-stop-the-plundering-by-anc-cronies/ [58] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/11/10/editorial-reckless-myeni-a-liability-to-saa [59] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [60] http://www.biznews.com/interviews/2015/12/08/russell-loubser-saa-only-voters-can-stop-the-plundering-by-anc-cronies/ [61] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [62] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/11/08/State-fumes-as-SAA-boss-eyes-R5bn-fleet [63] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [64] http://www.fin24.com/Companies/TravelAndLeisure/SAA-execs-did-not-broker-best-Airbus-deal-leaked-memo-20151020 [65] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/in-depth/investigations/saas-presentation-to-parliament/ [66] http://www.iol.co.za/business/companies/saa-intrigue-unseats-nene-1.1958792 [67] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/12/13/Nene-on-SAA-I-did-what-was-best-for-the-country [68] http://www.financialmail.co.za/features/2016/02/04/nhlanhla-nene-new-job-far-from-decided-after-all [69] http://www.rdm.co.za/politics/2016/02/05/zuma-lied-about-nene-job-at-brics [70] http://www.rdm.co.za/politics/2016/02/05/zuma-lied-about-nene-job-at-brics [71] http://www.financialmail.co.za/features/2016/02/04/nhlanhla-nene-new-job-far-from-decided-after-all [72] http://www.news24.com/Archives/City-Press/SAA-to-spend-up-to-R70bn-for-long-haul-aircraft-20150429 [73] http://www.news24.com/Archives/City-Press/SAA-to-spend-up-to-R70bn-for-long-haul-aircraft-20150429 [74] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2012/09/28/saa-spins-into-free-fall-as-carolus-walks-away [75] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-03-22-00-r10bn-contract-behind-the-dogfight-at-saa [76] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-03-22-00-r10bn-contract-behind-the-dogfight-at-saa [77] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/05/21/saas-ceo-says-he-expected-sabotage [78] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2013/03/17/guptas-tried-to-buy-saa-boss-with-r500k [79] http://m.timeslive.co.za/?articleId=8465797 [80] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-19-gupta-incs-dubai-secret [81] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-10-00-guptas-riches-wrapped-in-mystery [82] http://mg.co.za/article/2011-03-18-veterans-helped-by-brothers [83] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-10-00-guptas-riches-wrapped-in-mystery [84] http://mg.co.za/article/2011-03-18-veterans-helped-by-brothers [85] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [86] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2013/10/03/guptas-want-apology-or-r1-billion-from-sunday-times-mg [87] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2013/10/03/guptas-want-apology-or-r1-billion-from-sunday-times-mg [88] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-10-02-gupta-family-suing-mg-for-r500m [89] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-07-the-beginners-guide-to-the-guptas [90] https://www.enca.com/south-africa/gupta-jet-hire-r5-mil-could-have-been-put-better-use [91] http://www.cnbcafrica.com/news/southern-africa/2013/11/07/comair-buys-non-executive-directors%E2%80%99-shares/ [92] http://mg.co.za/article/2014-07-03-transnet-tender-bosss-r50-billion-double-game [93] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-07-the-beginners-guide-to-the-guptas [94] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/columnists/2015/12/11/thick-end-of-the-wedge-be-very-afraid-zumas-only-just-begun [95] https://www.sc.com/en/news-and-media/news/africa/2013-07-23-landmark-deal-with-SAA-for-10-AirbusA320-200.html [96] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [97] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/05/29/new-fracas-rocks-saa-board-of-directors [98] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/05/29/new-fracas-rocks-saa-board-of-directors [99] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [100] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/05/29/new-fracas-rocks-saa-board-of-directors [101] http://mg.co.za/article/2014-10-30-tensions-escalate-between-saa-bosses [102] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2015/04/24/suspended-saa-ceo-monwabisi-kalawe-resigns [103] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2014/11/06/qualified-to-teach----but-can-she-run-saa [104] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/01/30/gigaba-tells-saa-to-ditch-new-fleet-plan [105] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [106] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/05/29/new-fracas-rocks-saa-board-of-directors [107] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2014/11/06/qualified-to-teach----but-can-she-run-saa [108] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2014/11/06/qualified-to-teach----but-can-she-run-saa [109] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-04-03-allegations-against-myeni-puts-saa-management-into-question [110] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2014/01/30/gigaba-tells-saa-to-ditch-new-fleet-plan [111] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2014/11/06/qualified-to-teach----but-can-she-run-saa [112] http://www.bdlive.co.za/companies/2015/11/26/myenis-preferred-adviser-changes-tune-about-working-with-saa [113] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [114] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [115] http://www.iol.co.za/business/companies/saa-intrigue-unseats-nene-1.1958792 [116] http://www.businessinsider.com/what-is-a-russian-oligarch-2013-3 [117] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/columnists/2015/12/11/thick-end-of-the-wedge-be-very-afraid-zumas-only-just-begun [118] http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2014/11/06/qualified-to-teach----but-can-she-run-saa [119] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/07/26/Zuma-called-Myeni-to-torpedo-SAA-Emirates-deal [120] http://www.rdm.co.za/business/2015/12/04/saa-s-dudu-myeni-give-her-enough-rope-and-she-ll-hang-herself [121] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/06/21/SAA-snubs-Emirates-over-R2bn-deal [122] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2015/08/04/unstable-saa-gets-another-acting-ceo [123] http://www.rdm.co.za/business/2015/12/04/saa-s-dudu-myeni-give-her-enough-rope-and-she-ll-hang-herself [124] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/07/26/Zuma-called-Myeni-to-torpedo-SAA-Emirates-deal [125] http://www.financialmail.co.za/features/2015/12/17/saa-gordhans-test [126] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/06/21/SAA-snubs-Emirates-over-R2bn-deal [127] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/07/26/Zuma-called-Myeni-to-torpedo-SAA-Emirates-deal [128] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/07/26/Zuma-called-Myeni-to-torpedo-SAA-Emirates-deal [129] http://www.timeslive.co.za/sundaytimes/stnews/2015/07/26/Zuma-called-Myeni-to-torpedo-SAA-Emirates-deal [130] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/SAA-boss-mum-on-whether-Zuma-intervened-to-stop-SAA-Emirates-deal-20150903 [131] http://www.bdlive.co.za/business/transport/2015/08/04/unstable-saa-gets-another-acting-ceo [132] http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-11-25/south-african-airways-ceo-s-plan-requires-dropping-routes-a340s [133] http://www.rdm.co.za/politics/2014/12/12/is-the-anc-loosening-zumas-grip [134] http://www.gov.za/president-jacob-zuma-state-nation-address-2015 [135] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/12/01/editorial-saa-peddles-fallacy-on-bee [136] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-confirms-30-bidvest-contract-demand/ [137] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-confirms-30-bidvest-contract-demand/ [138] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-defies-national-treasury-dti-instruction/ [139] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/12/01/editorial-saa-peddles-fallacy-on-bee [140] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-confirms-30-bidvest-contract-demand/ [141] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-defies-national-treasury-dti-instruction/ [142] http://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/saa-defies-national-treasury-dti-instruction/ [143] http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/Transforming-SAA-hasnt-been-easy-says-Dudu-Myeni-20150813 [144] http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/12/01/editorial-saa-peddles-fallacy-on-bee [145] http://702.co.za/articles/6494/why-saa-chair-dudu-miyeni-believes-she-is-under-attack [146] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [147] http://mg.co.za/article/2015-11-27-00-how-myeni-broke-saa [148] http://mg.co.za/article/2011-03-18-veterans-helped-by-brothers [149] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-10-00-guptas-riches-wrapped-in-mystery [150] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-05-10-00-guptas-riches-wrapped-in-mystery [151] http://mg.co.za/article/2011-03-18-veterans-helped-by-brothers [153] http://mg.co.za/article/2014-02-06-free-state-dairy-project-damned-in-treasury-investigation [154] http://mg.co.za/article/2013-06-07-gupta-dairy-project-milks-free-state-coffers [155]http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/12/01/editorial-saa-peddles-fallacy-on-bee [156]  http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/editorials/2015/11/10/editorial-reckless-myeni-a-liability-to-saa [157] http://www.iol.co.za/news/politics/shady-deals-big-debt-break-zumas-vow-1.1959642 [158] http://www.iol.co.za/news/politics/shady-deals-big-debt-break-zumas-vow-1.1959642 [159]http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/columnists/2015/12/11/thick-end-of-the-wedge-be-very-afraid-zumas-only-just-begun [160]  http://ewn.co.za/2015/08/06/OPINION-Stephen-Grootes-State-owned-enterprises-Chaos-inside-a-mess [161] http://www.rdm.co.za/business/2016/02/05/how-saa-staff-haemorrhage-led-to-airline-s-nosedive [162]http://www.fin24.com/Economy/many-soes-in-distress-need-monitoring-brown-20151201 [163] http://www.msn.com/en-za/news/national/the-guptas-sa’s-first-family/ar-BBnwAl2?ocid=spartanntp [164] http://www.timeslive.co.za/politics/2015/12/14/Gordhan-won%E2%80%99t-allow-SOEs-to-be-used-as-%E2%80%98toys-for-personal-gain%E2%80%99 Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until 15 February 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. WATCH: Was this Malema’s most scathing attack on ... Politics 2. TONY LEON: Zuma's three options as he confronts ... Politics 3. POLITICS LIVE: I really should write something ... Politics 4. JACOB ZUMA: My radical plan for South Africa's ... Politics 5. Zuma planned 'mayhem' in Parliament, says Maimane Politics Related Articles LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power Politics The truth about the ANC's descent down the ladder of power Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, spies, smugglers and the killing fields of Marikana Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the great media heist Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the Russians — the inside story Politics LILY GOSAM: Revealed - How Zuma planned to capture the country Politics Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until 15 February 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. WATCH: Was this Malema’s most scathing attack on ... Politics 2. TONY LEON: Zuma's three options as he confronts ... Politics 3. POLITICS LIVE: I really should write something ... Politics 4. JACOB ZUMA: My radical plan for South Africa's ... Politics 5. Zuma planned 'mayhem' in Parliament, says Maimane Politics Related Articles LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power Politics The truth about the ANC's descent down the ladder of power Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, spies, smugglers and the killing fields of Marikana Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the great media heist Politics LILY GOSAM: Zuma, the Guptas and the Russians — the inside story Politics LILY GOSAM: Revealed - How Zuma planned to capture the country Politics Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. News Politics Business Science & Technology Sport Lifestyle World Popcorn Read More About us Privacy policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Flight Navigation System Global Market by Flight Instrument & Data Mining, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Flight Navigation System Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advanceme (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Flight Navigation System market is expected to grow from $10.76 billion in 2015 to reach $17.98 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 7.60%. The increasing demand for aircrafts across the world and rise in the air traffic are driving the market growth. The rising demand for exact navigation and advancing technologies are also an extra benefit to generate business opportunities for the key players in this market. Efforts to diminish CO2 discharge and ecological consciousness are some of the important factors influencing this market. The factors that are hampering the market growth are high costs, difficulty of the systems, and their accuracy. GPS compatibility is also an extensive challenge for the market. Sensors segment witnessed the largest share in market during the forecast period due to the demand for the most recent navigation systems and tools which will help in improving the protection of passengers. RoW region is likely to rise at the maximum CAGR for flight navigation system market. The Middle East, in particular, is likely to witness the maximum traffic increase during the forecast period. Major airlines from this region such as Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Air Arabia Airways will emerge as the leading contributors of the flight navigation market. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in global Flight Navigation System market include Esterline Technologies Corp, Garmin Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman Corp, Raytheon Company, Rockwell Collins, Sagem, The Boeing Company, Universal Avionics Corporation, Navtech, and GE Aviation. Products Covered: - Flight Navigation Systems o Doppler Navigation System o Hyperbolic Navigation System o Flight Management System o VOR/DME o Inertial Navigation System o Instrument Landing System o Automatic Direction Finder o Radar o Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) o Heads Up Display - Communication Devices o Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System o Automatic Dependent Surveillance o Portable Avoidance Collision System o Aircraft Transponders - Flight Control Systems o Secondary Flight Controls o Primary Flight Controls - Flight Management Systems o Control Display Unit o Flight Management Computers o Visual Display Unit Aircraft Types Covered: - Fixed Wing - Rotary Wing Flight Instruments Covered: - Altimeter - Gyroscope o Turn Rate Gyro o Attitude Gyro o Directional Gyro - Autopilot - Magnetic Compass - Sensors o Air Speed Indicator o Pilot Tube o Vertical Speed Indicator Request Sample Copy: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583437/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Esterline Technologies Corp 10.2 Garmin Ltd. 10.3 Honeywell International Inc. 10.4 Moog Inc. 10.5 Northrop Grumman Corp 10.6 Raytheon Company 10.7 Rockwell Collins 10.8 Sagem 10.9 The Boeing Company 10.10 Universal Avionics Corporation 10.11 Navtech 10.12 GE Aviation Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583437/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
تماس با ما | خبرنامه | پیوندها | جستجو | آرشیو | آب و هوا | اوقات شرعی | RSS به‌روز شده در: ۱۳:۱۵ شنبه ۲۳ بهمن ۱۳۹۵ Saturday 11 February 2017 صفحه نخست آی تابناک استانها تابناک با تو فرهنگی هنری تابناک جهان اقتصادی ورزشی اجتماعی مجلس انتخابات با بینندگان نگاه شما تابناک من استان ها آذربایجان شرقی آذربایجان غربی اردبیل البرز اصفهان ایلام بوشهر تهران هرمزگان چهارمحال و بختیاری خراسان جنوبی خراسان رضوی خراسان شمالی لرستان مازندران خوزستان زنجان سمنان سیستان وبلوچستان فارس قزوین قم کردستان کرمان کرمانشاه کهکیلویه و بویراحمد کیش گلستان گیلان مرکزی همدان یزد تماس با ما خبرنامه پیوندها جستجو آرشیو آب و هوا اوقات شرعی RSS نسخه عربی جدیدترین اخبار | پربیننده ترین اخبار جشنواره بزرگ زمستانه  (نوین چرم ) هدیه 10% + 25% تخفیف ( انتخاب بهرام رادان )                                         آغاز بازدید رایگان زمستانه ایرتویا      طراحی سایت       نسخه اصلی فارسی العربیه تابناک جهان » آمریکا ۳۴۸بازدید ‍ پ Trump's move on Iran could cost jobs at Boeing Boeing's $8 billion deal to sell 80 jets to Iran Air was already in trouble before President Trump took office. Now it's even more in doubt. کد خبر: ۶۶۳۳۳۶ تاریخ انتشار: ۱۶ بهمن ۱۳۹۵ - ۰۹:۴۹ 04 February 2017 امتیاز خبر: 84 از 100 تعداد رای دهندگان 348 And that could mean trouble for American factory workers whose jobs depend on that sale. Trump has long been harshly critical of the Iran nuclear deal which allowed the Obama administration to clear Boeing's sale to Iran last December. After he assumed office, he signed an immigration ban restricting people from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, from entering the U.S. Then, after Iran performed a missile test, he issued a new round of Iranian sanctions Friday morning. These new sanctions don't specifically kill the Boeing deal, but they could make it harder for it to go through, should Iran retaliate and cancel the deal. A similar deal for European rival Airbus, to sell 100 Airbus jets to Iran for about $10 billion could also be in jeopardy. Since the Airbus jets are made with mostly U.S. parts, that sale also needs U.S. approval. "This doesn't end well for the jetliner deals," said Richard Aboulafia, aviation analyst with the Teal Group. Boeing wouldn't comment directly on its outlook for the deal. "We're operating under our current...license," said Boeing Friday. "Should we receive new guidance from the Treasury Department, we will act accordingly." The problem for Trump is that a hard line stance on Iran could hurt the U.S. manufacturing jobs he says are his top priority. Boeing (BA) and its U.S. suppliers such as jet engine makers GE (GE) and United Technologies (UTX) are major U.S. employers. Boeing said at the time the Iran deal was announced that it would support nearly 100,000 jobs at the company and its suppliers. Boeing has a large backlog of orders, so there won't necessarily be 100,000 layoff notices if the deal falls through. But Boeing has been trimming jobs. Likewise, if Trump nixes the Airbus sale, that could cause problems for the U.S. aircraft parts makers, according to Adam Pilarski, vice president with industry consulting firm Avitas. "That would really annoy the Europeans," said Adam Pilarski, vice president with industry consulting firm Avitas. "And that could cause problems for the U.S. because it could move the Europeans not to rely as much on American parts." Aboulafia said the Trump administration doesn't necessarily have to block these deals for them to fall through. He said Trump's tougher stance on Iran could hurt their ability to finance an Iran purchase with western banks, since they might be reluctant to sign on to risky deals. "If nothing else, the climate for financing jets is going to get worse and worse, and that alone could kill the deal," he said. "That risk premium was already pretty high." Neither Iran nor Boeing or Airbus have provided details on the financing particulars, he said. بازگشت به بالای صفحه 0 .به کانال تلگرام ما بپیوندید روی خط سایت ها فروش ویژه ترسناک‌ترین آزمایشات تاریخ بر روی انسان‌ها پیش فروش هتل های نوروزی مدیا ویدیوی انتقادهای مسلسلی سینماگران در جشنواره از هفت، افخمی و فراستی / ویدیوی آتش نشانی که در شبکه های اجتماعی کشته شد! / فیل... شکایت سپرده‌گذاران کاسپین کی به پایان خواهد رسید؟ /«ضعیف‌ بودن قدرت تشخیص زنان» از نگاه مشاور وزیر کشور / ا... دو حادثه در قم و بندرعباس و کارگرانی که زیر آوار ماندند / ولایتی ترامپ را تهدید کرد: مسلمانان درسی به... اصلاح طلبان به رهبر انقلاب نامه نوشته اند؟/ واکنش تند دادستان کل کشور به اظهارات وزیر فرهنگ/ دستگیری گروهی از ع... نظر شما نام: ایمیل: * نظر: آخرین اخبار ۳ کشته در پی سقوط خودرو به رودخانه یارانه هفتاد و دوم کی واریز می‌شود؟ فروش کالا به مشتریان ایرانی از سوی آمازون ۹ عادتی که باعث از دست دادن شغل می‌شود سلب عضویت ۱۲۶ عضو شورای شهر انتخابات الکترونیکی در حوزه‌های کم جمعیت فایده‌ای ندارد تغییرسال پایه محاسبه رشداقتصادی از1383 به1390 تکرار حادثه شین آباد این بار در لرستان داوران دربی:امیدواریم ادامه دهنده راه شهداباشیم‎ تشکیل پرونده قضایی برای حادثه متروی قم موگرینی: آمریکا برجام را کامل اجرا می کند افزایش محدودیت برای نوگواهینامه‌ها از سال 96 ترامپ و طولانی‌ترین دست دادن تاریخ وب گردی میوه بخوریم کبد چرب نگیریم حجاب‌ پرسروصدای‌ این‌ دختر در جشنواره+عکس چه نوع ماستی بخوریم برایمان بهتر است؟ تجربه ای متفاوت از صنعت گردشگری با این سمج های همیشگی چه کنیم؟ دریافت تسهیلات با اقساط بلندمدت لئوناردو با برنامه آموزشی جنگنده های آمریکایی رقابت می کند امکان پویش فایل‌های مشکوک به ویروس در سامانه ماهر اولین سوپرمارکت آنلاین مواد غذایی پرخاصیت ترین میوه جهان که به کاهش وزن شما کمک میکند برترین برندهای پوشاک در دسترس شما بزرگترین شبکه فروش و خدمات پس از فروش محصولات سونی در ایران مشاوره و برگزاری تورهاي داخلي و خارجي برای سفرهاي تفريحي و يا كاري تاریخچه کاخ نیاوران + عکس پربازدید ها پربحث ترین عناوین اظهارنظر عجیب ژاوی درباره استقلال اصلاح طلبان به رهبر انقلاب نامه نوشته اند؟/ واکنش تند دادستان کل کشور به اظهارات وزیر فرهنگ/ دستگیری گروهی از عناصر داعش در اطراف تهران!/ حاشیه های عجیب راهپیمایی امروز/ ژاوی از باخت به استقلال چقدر ضرر کرد؟ میزان حقوق آیت الله هاشمی چقدر بود؟/ راهکار تقابل با ترامپ چیست؟ یک سورپرایز آخر هفته دیگر ترامپ برای ایران / دو نکته در مورد تصمیم ترامپ برای وارد کردن سپاه به لیست سیاه تروریسم تشکر از مردم آمریکا در راهپیمایی ۲۲ بهمن / مطهری: دیدار با محصوران هنوز قطعی نشده است آیت‌الله نوری همدانی: مردم پولشان را به بانک‌ها ندهند/کسب اجازه برای ملاقات با محصوران دلیل مرموز قلعه نویی برای اخراج بنگر از تراکتور احمدی‌نژاد استقلالی است یا پرسپولیسی؟/ تعبیر عجیب آقای وزیر از کولبری/ آخرین وضعیت پرونده شکایت ایران از آمریکا/ اصلاح‌طلبان به دنبال گزینه‌ای کنار روحانی/ آیت‌الله هاشمی ترور شد؟ جمله جالب ژاوی به نکونام درباره جو ورزشگاه آزادی تصاویری از مرسدس میباخ G650 فاش شد توصیه سعید جلیلی به ترامپ/ احتمال تبانی در بازی پرسپولیس و استقلال/ ایران آماده گفت‌وگو با عربستان است؟/ روایت عارف از استراتژی اصلاح طلبان/ هاشمی برای مجوز کدام کتاب به جنتی نامه نوشت؟ ترامپ در نخستین گفت‌و‌گو، اردوغان را ناامید کرد حجاب این دختر در جشنواره مورد توجه قرار گرفت تعطیلات اوباما در جزایر کارائیب معاون اول رئیس‌جمهور به آیت‌الله جنتی نامه نوشت نظر شما درباره ممنوعیت ورود کشتی‌گیران امریکایی به ایران چیست؟  (۶۸۳ نظر) تفسیری از سکوت معنادار مسکو در خصوص افزایش تنش میان آمریکا و ایران  (۱۹۰ نظر) دست نوزادم را فلج کردند و می‌گویند، پزشک تنها 17 درصد قصور کرده!  (۱۲۰ نظر) واکنش یک مغازه‌دار تهرانی به قانون ترامپ  (۱۰۳ نظر) عیدی کارمندان نباید کمتر دو میلیون تومان باشد/ این پرداخت عین بی عدالتی است  (۱۰۳ نظر) مخاطبان چه نمره‌ای به «حسن روحانی» در برخورد با منتقدان دادند؟! + عکس  (۸۱ نظر) کپرنشینانی که تنها با «بلد راه» می توان نشانی از آنها گرفت! +ویدیو  (۸۱ نظر) مجوز ورود کشتی گیران امریکایی به ایران صادر شد  (۷۱ نظر) تعرض‌های محسوس و نامحسوس به زنان در سکوت  (۶۱ نظر) چرا ما راحت تحریم می‌شویم و هر اتهامی را به ایران نسبت می دهند؟  (۵۶ نظر) پرسپولیس 3-تراکتورسازی 0/سه گل رنگارنگ روی هنر پاس سروش/فاصله 9 امتیازی در صدر+جدول  (۵۴ نظر) بی عدالتی در پرداخت های بازنشستگان بیداد می کند/ افزایش سن بازنشستگی، یعنی افزایش بیکاری  (۵۳ نظر) صحنه مشکوک گل اول پرسپولیس به تراکتور  (۴۸ نظر) مراسم تشییع پیکر حسن جوهرچی  (۴۷ نظر) بهترین پاسخ ایران برای رادیکالیسم دولت ترامپ  (۴۲ نظر) فارسی العریبة صفحه نخست تابناک جهان اقتصادی ورزشی اجتماعی مجلس انتخابات تماس با ما خبرنامه پیوندها جستجو آرشیو آب و هوا اوقات شرعی RSS تمام حقوق مادی و معنوی این سایت متعلق به تابناک می باشد و استفاده از مطالب با ذکر منبع بلامانع است. طراحی و تولید "ایران سامانه"
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Donald Trump Lockheed Martin to supply 90 F-35 jets to the US for $8.5bn, the lowest price in 16 years This follows Donald Trump criticising the high cost of Pentagon's F-35 programme during his election campaigns. By Kedar Grandhi February 4, 2017 04:10 GMT As per the latest contract, each Lockheed Martin F-35 aircraft will cost the Pentagon less than $95mGetty Images Lockheed Martin and The Department of Defense have negotiated a new order for F-35 jets. According to the deal announced on Friday, the American aerospace firm will supply 90 F-35 jets to the US for $8.5bn (£6.81bn). The deal marked Pentagon's tenth batch of orders for the stealth fighter aircraft. Also, the agreement puts the price of each F-35 aircraft at below $95m, which is said to be the lowest price given by Lockheed Martin in 16 years. Compared to the previous batch, where each F-35 cost $102m, the US Government is said to have saved $728m. This was more than the $600m savings that US President Donald Trump had claimed to have achieved recently from the F-35 programme. The reduction in prices also follows Trump criticising the Pentagon's F-35 programme during his election campaigns. He had pledged to bring military expenditures down. Trump had not only threatened to close down the programme, but had also suggested he could consider rival Boeing to provide the US with an alternative fighter jet. Lockheed Martin too credited Trump for the reduction in price. "President Trump's personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price," it was quoted as saying by Reuters. However, defense analysts argued that the reduction in price had nothing to do with Trump's involvement. They said the lower price was in line with what both Lockheed and Pentagon officials had been expecting for some time. This follows Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, head of the F-35 Joint Program Office saying in a briefing on 19 December that the next set of F-35 orders would be purchased for a lower price. He had said that the cost per plane would decrease by about "6 to 7 percent" in the next contract. The F-35 program is Pentagon's most expensive weapons programme, costing about $400bn. While Lockheed is the prime contractor, its partners include Northrop Grumman Corp, United Technologies Corp's Pratt & Whitney and BAE Systems Plc. More from IBTimes UK US Department of Defense in talks with Lockheed for $9bn F-35 fighter jets contract F-35 jets have over 200 deficiencies, unlikely to be combat ready by 2018-2019, Pentagon report says President Trump-driven market rally 'has been good' for the British economy Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Three ways to improve the returns on your cash ISAs Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Meet Anil Stocker: Boss of peer-to-peer outfit MarketInvoice Fintech boss explains how a nascent pathway in 2011 led to the... Reckitt Benckiser buys Mead Johnson for $17.9bn The household goods giant buys the US rival to boost its global... Commodities Round-up: Oil futures spike after IEA report confirms Opec cuts Opec's production data is not due until 13 February, but IEA said... British Airways cabin crew to stage four-day strike from next week Mixed fleet cabin crew's industrial action over pay will be the third... How to increase your cash ISA return by five times Cash ISAs can be easily transferred into stocks & shares ISAs, which... FTSE Moves: Stocks rise on strong UK manufacturing and trade data Company news was dominated by Reckitt Benckiser's takeover US baby... FX Focus: Pound declines despite strong economic data Euro extends losses as concerns over Greece debt crisis continue to... Germany warns London will lose its role as banking hub after Brexit Bundesbank executive says 'equivalence regime' for banks will not be... Just Eat boss steps down over 'urgent family matters' David Buttress, who oversaw the rapid growth at the online takeaway... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Share 20 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss SpaceX Rocket Problems Could Spell Trouble For Elon Musk News 20 0 0 February 3, 2017 SpaceX Rocket Problems Could Spell Trouble For Elon Musk Coburn Palmer Problems with SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket engines could keep the private space fleet from ferrying astronauts to the International Space Station and threaten its government contracts. A new report from the Government Accountability Office shows that turbine blades used to pump fuel into Falcon 9 rocket engines have a tendency to crack under stress, according to a Wall Street Journal article. The cracking issue is especially concerning on Falcon 9 rockets because they’re designed to be reused, meaning they’ll repeatedly undergo the stress of launch making them more susceptible to mechanical failure, which usually means an explosion. The GAO report hasn’t been published yet, so government officials can’t comment on it, but WSJ reports that congressional investigators consider the Falcon 9 engine cracking issue to be a persistent problem that could pose a major safety threat. “Such cracks pose an unacceptable risk for manned flights.” [Image by NASA/Getty Images] The tendency for the turbine blades, commonly known as turbopumps, to crack means the SpaceX rockets might not be the best choice for NASA astronauts to ride in if the space agency wants to meet its safety goal. NASA has a stated goal of limiting astronauts fatalities to one death in 270 launches. The cracking issue is a different problem from the fueling difficulty that caused a Falcon 9 rocket to explode, or experience a fast fire using SpaceX lingo, last year. That explosion raised questions on the safety of the company’s fueling methods and whether they would endanger the lives of astronauts hitching a ride to the ISS. The engine cracking problem could spell trouble for the company’s plan to become the first private carrier to carry astronauts to the International Space Station beginning in 2018. [Image by NASA/Getty Images] When asked about the government report, SpaceX spokesman John Taylor had this to say to Popular Science. “We have qualified our engines to be robust to turbine wheel cracks. However, we are modifying the design to avoid them altogether. This will be part of the final design iteration on Falcon 9. SpaceX has established a plan in partnership with NASA to qualify engines for manned spaceflight.” He might be referring to the Falcon 9 Block 5, the next iteration of the SpaceX rocket scheduled to go into production soon. Apparently, NASA officials have known about the problem for some time now and is working with the private space travel company to fix the issue. It could take a while to fix the problem, however, especially if SpaceX needs to use larger parts, Robert Lightfoot, NASA’s acting administrator, told the Wall Street Journal. “We’re talking to [SpaceX] about turbo machinery. We know how to fix them.” The news comes as SpaceX announced at least a two-week delay on launches from its Cape Canaveral pad and highlights the technical issues facing Elon Musk’s private space travel company. [Image by NASA/Getty Images] SpaceX had originally intended to double the number of rockets it launched last year to meet government contracts and commercial obligations put on hold after the Falcon 9 rocket explosion last year. Boeing is also expected to miss a 2018 deadline to start carrying NASA astronauts to the ISS, raising issues with President Trump’s idea to contract out space flights to private companies. The company is having difficulties with the parachute system designed to deploy after reentry and help crew capsules return to land safely. Until the space travel companies can meet certification requirements, NASA astronauts will be forced to ride Russian Soyuz rockets to the ISS as they’ve done since the shuttle fleet was retired in 2011. When the shuttle fleet was still flying, Russia was charging $21.8 million per seat, but since then has increased prices some 370 percent and by 2018 will be charging the space agency $81 million for a single berth. In contrast, NASA plans to spend $58 million for a seat aboard a SpaceX or Boeing spacecraft. [Featured Image by NASA/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Jeff Sessions Confirmed By Senate As Attorney General Now Read This: Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Share 20 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Coburn Palmer Tags: Astronauts, elon musk, Falcon 9, international space station August 24, 2011 Philadelphia Eagles have several chinks in the armor August 22, 2011 Oakland Raiders select Terrelle Pryor in the third round of NFL supplemental draft Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos News Statue Of Liberty Beheaded By Trump On German Magazine Cover Politics Donald Trump Reacts On Twitter To “Ridiculous” Court Decision Politics Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Space & Science After Trump’s tough talk, Pentagon makes $8.9B deal for 90 Lockheed Martin F-35s by Alan Boyle on February 3, 2017 at 10:57 amFebruary 3, 2017 at 11:21 am Comments  1 Share  275 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! An F-35 Lightning II fighter jet prepares to land at Hill Air Force Base in Utah (U.S. Air Force Photo / Alex R. Lloyd) The Pentagon has struck a deal with Lockheed Martin for the purchase of 90 F-35 stealth fighter jets at a cost that adds up to nearly $9 billion, finishing up negotiations highlighted by President Donald Trump’s threats to walk away. It’s the latest order in what’s expected to amount to nearly $400 billion in sales for Lockheed Martin, involving thousands of the jets. This round, known as Lot 10, marks the first time that the per-jet purchase price for an F-35A has been below $100 mlilion. Lockheed Martin said Lot 10 reflects a $728 million reduction in the total price, compared with the previous lot. The cost reduction is basically in line with what Lockheed Martin and Pentagon officials were expecting, even before Trump started complaining about the program last December. But Lockheed Martin acknowledged in a statement that “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price.” “This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers,” Lockheed Martin said. LM and @DeptofDefense with support from @POTUS @realDonaldTrump reach agreement on next 90 @thef35 fighter jets pic.twitter.com/Ngzm1aSjDJ — Lockheed Martin (@LockheedMartin) February 3, 2017 The Pentagon echoed Lockheed Martin’s assessment. “The LRIP-10 contract is a good and fair deal for the taxpayers, the U.S. government, allies and industry,” Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, F-35 program executive officer, said in a statement. “We continue to work with industry to drive costs out of the program.” The deal covers 44 of the conventional F-35A variant for the U.S. Air Force, nine F-35B jump jets for the Marines, and two F-35C carrier jets for the Navy. The other 35 jets will be sold to U.S. allies, including Britain, Norway, Australia, Turkey, Japan, Israel and South Korea. Lockheed Martin listed the approximate prices as $94.6 million for the F-35As, $122.8 million for the F-35Bs, and $121.8 million for the F-35Cs. Tallying up the totals for all the jets, including the sales to allies, results in a figure of $8.9 billion. Deliveries are to begin in early 2018. Just last week, the Pentagon ordered budgetary reviews to follow up on Trump’s concerns about the F-35 as well as plans to replace the presidential Air Force One jets with new Boeing 747 jets. The outcome of the F-35 negotiations hints at how the Air Force One negotiations with Boeing are likely to turn out, with both sides reporting that they’re saving money for the taxpayers. Lockheed Martin’s share price was up slightly after the deal was announced. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  275 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Previous StoryLondon calling Amazon’s Treasure Truck? Job postings point to UK expansion for tech giant’s deal-mobile Next StoryWeek in Geek: Tech vs. Trump Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: Aviation • Donald Trump • F-35 • Lockheed Martin • Military GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Following Trump’s lead, Pentagon orders reviews of Air Force One, F-35 fighter jets Lockheed Martin shares take big hit after Trump grumps about F-35 fighters in tweet Boeing works with Donald Trump on cost concerns over Air Force One and Lockheed Martin’s F-35 jets Boeing and Lockheed protest Air Force’s snub on long-range bomber Previous StoryLondon calling Amazon’s Treasure Truck? Job postings point to UK expansion for tech giant’s deal-mobile Next StoryWeek in Geek: Tech vs. Trump Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Engineer – Data ServicesWhitepages Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp Technical Support EngineerKinetiq × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Analysts Give Alamos Gold Inc Cls A (AGI) a C$10.00 Price Target Toromont Industries Ltd (TIH) Price Target Increased to C$42.00 by Analysts at TD Securities Precision Drilling Co. (PD) Upgraded at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Price Target to C$40.00 Scotiabank Analysts Give Agrium Inc. (AGU) a C$110.00 Price Target Bp Plc Holds Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR) Bp Plc Has $3,146,000 Stake in HP Inc. (HPQ) Bp Plc Maintains Stake in Macy’s Inc (M) Smith Moore & CO. Increases Position in Cerner Corporation (CERN) Johnson Financial Group Inc. Has $1,494,000 Stake in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) Position Decreased by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Roth Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (SKYS) Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) Given “Buy” Rating at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FVI) Given New C$10.25 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Vecima Networks Inc (VCM) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 at Pi Financial VCA Inc. (WOOF) Position Maintained by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €47.00 Price Target at S&P Global Raging River Exploration Inc (RRX) Given a C$14.00 Price Target at TD Securities TripAdvisor’s (TRIP) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group Landauer, Inc. (LDR) Shares Bought by Cadence Capital Management LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Has $3,996,000 Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Affinity Investment Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) by 27.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 139,835 shares of the company’s stock after selling 51,665 shares during the period. Affinity Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Air Lease Corporation were worth $3,996,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Williams Jones & Associates LLC bought a new position in Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $19,370,000. Point72 Asset Management L.P. bought a new position in Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $10,658,000. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL bought a new position in Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $9,416,000. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its position in Air Lease Corporation by 287.4% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 458,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,282,000 after buying an additional 340,248 shares during the period. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Air Lease Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $9,616,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.93% of the company’s stock. Shares of Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) opened at 37.00 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $3.81 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.23 and a beta of 1.60. The company has a 50 day moving average of $35.57 and a 200 day moving average of $31.70. Air Lease Corporation has a 12 month low of $22.47 and a 12 month high of $37.24. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.82 by $0.04. The firm earned $355.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $356.47 million. Air Lease Corporation had a net margin of 26.09% and a return on equity of 14.83%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 13.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.71 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Air Lease Corporation will post $3.42 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/affinity-investment-advisors-llc-has-3996000-position-in-air-lease-corporation-al.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on AL shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, October 10th. Stephens began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. FBR & Co increased their target price on shares of Air Lease Corporation from $35.00 to $36.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Compass Point began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 target price for the company. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $46.06. In other Air Lease Corporation news, Director Ian M. Saines sold 6,630 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total value of $238,680.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert A. Milton sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.73, for a total transaction of $951,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 30,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $980,107.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 59,641 shares of company stock valued at $2,007,991 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. About Air Lease Corporation Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saturday 11 Feb 2017 / Tehran - 13:15 / GMT - 09:45 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/I3FIQ2 Sat Feb 04, 2017 2:1 ATR Representatives Due in Tehran Tomorrow Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Representatives of the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR will arrive in Tehran on Sunday to discuss selling of the passenger planes to the country, a senior aviation official announced. "ATR will deliver three or four passenger planes to Iran Air, Iran's national flag air carrier, by the end of the current Iranian calendar (will end on March 20); the visit of the European company's representatives will also take place within the same framework," Iranian deputy Road and Urban Development Minister Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan said on Saturday. He reiterated that after finalization of the deal valued at $400 million for 20 passenger planes, the aircraft will be delivered to Iran. On January 11, French Airbus also delivered the first plane to Iran under the deal between Iran and Airbus to purchase 100 passenger planes from the French manufacturer of civil aircraft. Airbus sealed a contract with Iran Air in December to sell 100 of its passenger planes, worth over $18 billion. The announcement came after Iran Air Managing Director Farhad Parvaresh and Airbus President Fabrice Bregier finalized a deal which was initially signed in Paris back in January 2016. The agreement covered 46 Airbus A320 planes, 38 A330 planes and 16 A350 XWB aircraft, with deliveries due to begin in early 2017. Airbus is the world’s Number 2 jet maker after Boeing, a US-based multinational plane manufacturer. Bregier described the deal as “a significant first step in the overall modernization of Iran’s commercial aviation sector,” saying it also includes pilot training, airport operations and air traffic management. Parvaresh, for his part, expressed delight at cooperation with Airbus, stressing it has paved the way “for more practical steps to follow for Iran Air’s fleet renewal.” "Iran Air considers this agreement an important step towards a stronger international presence in civil aviation. We hope this success signals to the world that the commercial goals of Iran and its counterparts are better achieved with international cooperation and collaboration,” he added. The deal with Airbus received the go-ahead from the US Treasury Department in November. Early in December, Iran Air finalized a deal for 80 jetliners from US plane maker Boeing Co., with the planes scheduled to start arriving in 2018. The deals were made possible after the US removed a ban on selling Iran passenger aircraft and spare parts following the nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Tehran and the six world powers (the US, Russia, China, France, Britain and Germany) hammered out the nuclear accord in July 2015. It went into effect in January 2016 and resolved a long-running dispute over Iran’s peaceful nuclear program.         Related News Iranian Experts Build Boeing 737 Simulator  Iran Receives 1st Airbus 321 Passenger Plane  Japan's Mitsubishi Emerging as New Rival for Boeing, Airbus in Iran's Aviation Industry  Suspicious Object in Iran's Boeing 737 Plane Delays Tehran-Mashhad Flight  Minister: Iran Needs over 500 Airplanes in Ten Years  Boeing to Fix “Dollar Issue” for Iran Plane Deals  LATEST STORIES (9) 54 Women, Children from Lattakia Reunite with Their Families After over Three Years of Captivity Syrian Pro-Government Forces Repulse Multiple Terrorist Attacks on Their Positions in Northern Lattakia Syrian Army Takes Control of Another Village in Oil Rich Regions, East of Homs Millions of Iranians Show Massive Support for Revolutionary Causes (4) Iraqi Popular Forces Rescue Families Fleeing from ISIL in Western Mosul Syrian Army Repels Terrorists' Offensive near Harasta Syrian Warplanes Strike Terrorists' Positions in Homs Bahrainis Protest Killing of 3 Activists Trying to Flee Kingdom Syria: President Assad Receives 54 Families Freed After Prisoner Swap with Militants The Rise and Resilience of Islamic Revolution: Iran’s All for Fighting Injustice, Tyranny, and Oppression Millions of Iranians Show Massive Support for Revolution Causes (3) Bashar Assad: US’s Only Way to Defeat Terrorism in Syria Is Through Cooperation with Damascus Iranians Rally in Millions to Mark Anniversary of Revolution Victory Iranians Stage Nationwide Rallies to Mark Anniversary of 1979 Islamic Revolution (2) Syrian Army Repels Terrorists' Attacks on Gov't Positions in Lattakia 54 Women, Children from Lattakia Reunite with Their Families After over Three Years of Captivity TEHRAN (FNA)- 54 women and children returned home to Lattakia late on Thursday and reunited with their families after finally their three and a half years of suffering in terrorists' captivity was ended in a prisoners exchange deal with militants. [PHOTOS] Syrian Pro-Government Forces Repulse Multiple Terrorist Attacks on Their Positions in Northern Lattakia TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army and National Defense Forces repelled several terrorist attacks on their military posts in Northern Lattakia province and killed a number of the militants during the battle.[VIDEO] Syrian Army Takes Control of Another Village in Oil Rich Regions, East of Homs TEHRAN (FNA) -The Syrian army units hit hard the ISIL's concentration centers in the surrounding areas of Hayan oil rich region in al-Bayarat and won control of Al-Bayda village near Palmyra, East of Homs province. [VIDEO] Millions of Iranians Show Massive Support for Revolutionary Causes (4) TEHRAN (FNA)- Tens of millions of Iranians staged massive rallies in hundreds of cities across the country on Friday to mark the 38th anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Rescue Families Fleeing from ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The 12th Brigade of Iraqi Popular Forces (Hashd Al-Shabbi) rescued families who were running from ISIL terrorists in Western Mosul. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Repels Terrorists' Offensive near Harasta TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian government forces fought off terrorists' offensive launched jointly by al-Nusra Front and Faylaq al-Sham during a two-hour long battle near Harasta outside Damascus. [VIDEO] Syrian Warplanes Strike Terrorists' Positions in Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian warplanes pounded militants' positions in triple strikes in response to terrorists' rocket attack on civilians in Al-Waer neighborhood in Homs. [VIDEO] Bahrainis Protest Killing of 3 Activists Trying to Flee Kingdom TEHRAN (FNA)- People staged demonstrations across Bahrain to express their strong condemnation over the killings of three pro-democracy activists as the ruling Al-Khalifah regime’s crackdown on dissidents and human rights campaigners continues unabated in the kingdom. [PHOTOS] Syria: President Assad Receives 54 Families Freed After Prisoner Swap with Militants TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma received 54 women and children, who were recently freed after being kidnapped by militants for three and a half years, at the Presidential Palace in Damascus. [PHOTOS] The Rise and Resilience of Islamic Revolution: Iran’s All for Fighting Injustice, Tyranny, and Oppression TEHRAN (FNA)- On Friday, February 10, millions of Iranians took to the streets nationwide to mark the 38th anniversary of the victory of Islamic Revolution. Millions of Iranians Show Massive Support for Revolution Causes (3) TEHRAN (FNA)- Tens of millions of Iranians staged massive rallies in hundreds of cities across the country on Friday to mark the 38th anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution. [PHOTOS] Bashar Assad: US’s Only Way to Defeat Terrorism in Syria Is Through Cooperation with Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- President Bashar Assad said that the United States will be able to defeat terrorism in Syria only in cooperation with the Syrian authorities. Iranians Rally in Millions to Mark Anniversary of Revolution Victory TEHRAN (FNA)- Millions of Iranians in different cities across the country staged massive rallies on Friday to mark the 38th anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution. [VIDEO] Iranians Stage Nationwide Rallies to Mark Anniversary of 1979 Islamic Revolution (2) TEHRAN (FNA)- In their millions, Iranians in Tehran and other cities filled the streets to remember the day 38 years ago when the nation’s hard-fought Islamic Revolution against the former US-backed regime embraced victory. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Repels Terrorists' Attacks on Gov't Positions in Lattakia TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army warded off fierce attacks by the terrorist groups from several directions in Northern Lattakia, inflicting heavy casualties on the terrorists. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to main content Home About Advertise Contact Giving to NCR Give Now Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Printable Forms Subscribe Account Give Now National Catholic Reporter The Independent News Source Search Search Menu Menu Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Search form Search Campus Notebook: Saint Joseph's College in financial trouble; Silver Lake poised to gain Work College status Shireen Korkzan  |  Feb. 3, 2017 NCR Today PrintemailPDF Rensselaer, Ind.— Saint Joseph’s College President Robert A. Pastoor, says the college needs $100 million, with commitments of $20 million before June 1, to adequately serve its students and be successful in the higher education marketplace. Pastoor said in Jan. 25 letter to the Saint Joseph’s College community that he and his staff have “exhausted possible strategies” to reverse the college’s “deteriorating financial trends.” In November, the Higher Learning Commission issued a public disclosure notice stating Saint Joseph’s College would be put on probation until 2018 due to years of financial troubles. If the financial needs are not met, the institution may have to close permanently. Greg Gill, director of marketing, told the Journal & Courier “the $100 million figure is the amount needed to address the college’s debt, deferred maintenance and other costs necessary to bring it to a financially healthy status.” The board of trustees are meeting Feb. 2 and 3 to discuss the school’s future. Like what you're reading? Sign up for NCR email alerts. In response to Pastoor’s announcement, a Facebook page called Involved for Life was created to help save the struggling college. As of Friday, 1,449 people like the page. About 1,200 students are currently enrolled at Saint Joseph’s College. Manitowoc, Wis.— Silver Lake College is poised to become both the first Catholic college in the nation and the first college in Wisconsin to adopt the Work College model. Work Colleges integrate learning, work and service into their curriculum by requiring all students work outside of classes, regardless of major or financial need. Through this program, called SLC Works, students can build their resumes and reduce their loan debt by applying earnings towards education costs. The program is mandatory for all students, including freshmen and transfer students. Underclassmen must work on campus, but juniors and seniors may work off campus for jobs or internships relevant to their degree programs. Silver Lake College started the SLC Works program in the fall 2016 semester. After two years, the college will be eligible to apply for official Work College status. There are currently seven Work Colleges in the country: Alice Lloyd College, Berea College, Blackburn College, College of the Ozarks, Ecclesia College, Sterling College and Warren Wilson College. Belmont, Calif. — Notre Dame de Namur University in California will honor environmental rights activist Berta Cáceres on campus Feb. 9 at the Cunningham Memorial Chapel, starting at 7 p.m. Cáceres was assassinated in her native Honduras in March 2016 after joining the indigenous Lenca people to oppose the construction of the Agua Zarca Dam, a proposed joint Honduran-Chinese project located in the Río Gualcarque. Special guests will include a local delegation headed by Rev. Deborah Lee and Silvio Carillo, Cáceres’ nephew. The honoring will take place at the annual commemoration of Sr. Dorothy Stang, a member of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur congregation who was assassinated in her native Brazil in 2005 for speaking out for the poor and the environment. Stang, a naturalized Brazilian born in Ohio, is known today as the “Martyr of the Amazon” and has been recognized as a modern-day martyr by the Vatican. Her murder investigation is the subject of the 2008 documentary, "They Killed Sister Dorothy." For more information, contact Jim McGarry at (650) 508-4120 or jmcgarry@ndnu.edu. Washington — The Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities denounced President Trump’s executive order on U.S. immigration policy, which bans the citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. on any visa category for 120 days. It also bars all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. indefinitely. The countries listed in the temporary travel ban include Libya, Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. “We stand in solidarity with other Catholic and higher education organizations that recognize the moral obligation of our country to assist migrants, particularly those who are fleeing any kind of persecution,” the ACCU said in a Jan. 29 press release. The news release was published during the ACCU’s annual three-day meeting in Washington, which concluded Jan. 30. Presidents from 155 colleges affirmed the statement with their signatures. This year’s theme for the annual meeting was “Inclusion on Campus: Exploring Diversity as an Expression of God’s Grandeur.” Detroit — Two alumni of University of Detroit Mercy have donated $4.5 million in endowments to their alma mater. Bernard Schlaff left $3 million in his will to establish an endowed scholarship for engineering students. After graduating from the university with a bachelor of aeronautical engineering degree in 1944, he worked for NASA's Ames Aeronautical Laboratory, Lockheed Missiles & Space Co. and Boeing Aircraft Co. Schlaff died in 2015 at the age of 95. Jane Kay Nugent donated $1.5 million to the university with $1 million going to the Jane Kay Nugent Chair in the College of Business Administration and $500,000 going to the Jane Kay Nugent Endowed Scholarship to help women business students. Nugent graduate from Mercy in 1948 and went on to serve as president and board member of numerous organizations, businesses and committees, including the International Association for Personnel Women and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Southeastern Michigan. In 1982, she became the first woman vice president of administration at the Detroit Edison Co., now known as the DTE Electric Company. Nugent was inducted into the Michigan Women’s Hall of Fame in 1988. Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities Notre Dame de Namur University Catholic Church in the United States Saint Joseph's College Silver Lake College University of Detroit Mercy ACCU Work College Advertisement Print email PDF Show comments National Catholic Reporter uses Civil Comments. Please keep your comments on-topic, focus on the issue and avoid personal insults, harassment and abuse. Read the user guide.   Search form Search NCR Email Alerts Sign up to get NCR updates by email. Existing users: change your preferences here. Enter your email address in the box below and click “Go.” NCR on Facebook NCR on Twitter NCR on YouTube NCR on Instagram NCR Email Alerts NCR RSS feed   In This Issue February 10-23, 2017 Read select articles from our print issue Special Section [Print Only]: Religious Life SUBSCRIBE! Latest Posts Grasped by love by Mary M. McGlone, Illustration by Mark Bartholomew Spiritual Reflections Aid to Middle East refugees can not be exclusive to Christians, say U.S. bishops by Tom Roberts NCR Today 'I Am Jane Doe' dives into dark world of online sex trafficking by Sr. Rose Pacatte NCR Today Curses by Ken Briggs NCR Today Links for 02/10/17 by Michael Sean Winters Distinctly Catholic Fake Vatican newspaper pokes fun at Francis, but makes his point by Joshua J. McElwee NCR Today Campus Notebook: Schools participate in RecycleMania, Saint Joseph's to close its doors by Shireen Korkzan NCR Today Pope's quotes: A new beginning by NCR Staff The Francis Chronicles 17th-century Spanish play speaks to today's concerns by George Goss NCR Today President Trump and the rule of law by Michael Sean Winters Distinctly Catholic More posts > Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Contact Address and Phone Customer Service Company Directory Website Help About NCR Mission Job Opportunities Submission Guidelines Web User Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise NCR Media Kit Online Advertising Email Advertising Donate Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Subscribe Subscribe to NCR Give NCR as a Gift Renew Kindle edition Store National Catholic Reporter publications: NCRonline.org | CelebrationPublications.org | GlobalSistersReport.org Copyright © The National Catholic Reporter Publishing Company | 115 E. Armour Blvd., Kansas City, MO 64111 | 1-800-444-8910
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Pacer Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Air Lease Corporation (AL) February 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pacer Advisors Inc. raised its position in Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) by 9.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,324 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 612 shares during the period. Pacer Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Air Lease Corporation were worth $209,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its position in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 761.7% in the second quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 4,188 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 3,702 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 179.2% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 4,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 2,693 shares in the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its position in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 55.1% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,025 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 1,786 shares in the last quarter. BlueMountain Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 168.1% in the second quarter. BlueMountain Capital Management LLC now owns 5,134 shares of the company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 3,219 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dreman Value Management L L C purchased a new position in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the third quarter valued at $160,000. 89.93% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) traded up 1.43% on Friday, reaching $37.00. 563,909 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Air Lease Corporation has a one year low of $22.47 and a one year high of $37.24. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $35.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.65. The firm has a market cap of $3.81 billion, a PE ratio of 11.23 and a beta of 1.60. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.82 by $0.04. Air Lease Corporation had a return on equity of 14.83% and a net margin of 26.09%. The firm had revenue of $355.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $356.47 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.71 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 13.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Air Lease Corporation will post $3.42 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/03/pacer-advisors-inc-raises-stake-in-air-lease-corporation-al.html. Several research firms have recently commented on AL. TheStreet raised shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. FBR & Co boosted their target price on shares of Air Lease Corporation from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Compass Point began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $46.00 target price on the stock. Stephens began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, October 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $46.06. In other news, Director Robert A. Milton sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.73, for a total transaction of $951,900.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 30,889 shares in the company, valued at approximately $980,107.97. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Marc H. Baer sold 3,140 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.48, for a total value of $111,407.20. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 131,566 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,667,961.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 59,641 shares of company stock worth $2,007,991 in the last quarter. Insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. About Air Lease Corporation Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
