National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Menu National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns + Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Latest 6th June 2017 - FDI: Boeing, SpringFountain boost Nigerian airline industry with $20bn investment 6th June 2017 - Five ways to create wealth with N10,000 6th June 2017 - Fidelity Bank inducts new staff into workforce 6th June 2017 - AFCON 2019 qualifier: Uyo comes alive for Eagles 6th June 2017 - …’Wayo leads Bafana against Nigeria 6th June 2017 - African football stars mourn Cheick Tiote 6th June 2017 - 55 govt officials, businessmen stole N1.35trn –Report 6th June 2017 - INEC to release list of new registered political parties Wednesday 6th June 2017 - Stop police raid on my homes, Wike tells court 6th June 2017 - $39bn lost as undeclared crude –NEITI Home / Business / FDI: Boeing, SpringFountain boost Nigerian airline industry with $20bn investment FDI: Boeing, SpringFountain boost Nigerian airline industry with $20bn investment — 6th June 2017 By Louis Ibah  US aircraft manufacturer, the Boeing Company, yesterday, announced it was partnering with SpringFountain Infrastructure Nigeria Limited to provide a credit facility that would assist in the lease of aircraft by local airline owners in Nigeria. The two firms are also partnering to float an aircraft Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) as well as spares logistics, supply and aggregated services solutions centres in Nigeria.  Speaking yesterday at the agreement signing ceremony in Lagos, Executive Director of SpringFountain Infrastructure, Mrs. Tokunbo Fagbemi, said  the two parties would be investing about $20 billion in the deal. She said the Boeing aircraft leasing deal was the first of its kind in Africa and that it will create a window for Nigerian airline owners to access about 200 Boeing aircraft in the next 20 years. Also speaking, Sales Director for Boeing Company in West and Central Africa, Mr. Larry Tolliver, said they have been working with SpringFountain in the past two years to perfect the deal. “The partnership with this Nigerian company is a demonstration that Boeing is ready to carry along its Nigerian customers in the manufacturing of aircraft,” he added.  Indigenous operators including Air Peace Limited described the aircraft leasing window as one of the best things to happen to Nigeria, given the hurdles operators face in their bid to get aircraft from foreign lessors. Fagbemi said local airlines were short of aircraft in their fleet and that with a current estimated passenger traffic of 19 million, which is projected to increase to over 44 million, local airlines would require more new airplanes to match travellers’ demand.  Air Peace Chairman/CEO, Mr. Allen Onyema, who was at the event said the partnership between Boeing and SpringFountain Infrastructure would greatly boost the growth of Nigeria’s aviation industry.  He said the partnership will also assist in building local capacity in diverse fields ranging from piloting, aviation engineering, aviation economics and aviation law. To enable the deal sail through smoothly, Fagbemi said the Federal Government would also need to create the right investment environment. “Government should provide exemption from certain charges such as Customs duties and grant us pioneer status to create a one stop shop for the processing and issuance of all necessary permits and licenses,” she said. “The project will need fiscal support from the government. The importation and clearing of aircraft spares will need to fall under a different customs clearance regime. We will need a special visa regime and dedicated immigration procedure for crew and workmen in the aviation industry. Airport concession fees and other charges will need to be waived or differed for these brand new aircraft and especially for the MRO bound aircraft. “Freight cargo handling and freight cargo handling procedure will need to be improved. Cargo clearance procedure will need to be harmonised especially for spares as domestic cargo,” she added.  How I cure baldness using these natural techniques. Read story 23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here! Wow offer: Get The BillionCoin (1TBC) for just N50,000. Click Here! Diabetes is curable! Don't let it threaten you! To NORMALIZE your blood sugar in 21 days for life. Click Here! Financial Empowerment: Get financially stable and get multiplied income today. Register Here!! Read your favourite song lyrics here! Share this Post: « Previous Article Five ways to create wealth with N10,000 About author Uche Atuma Leave a reply Cancel Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment (required): Name (required): Email (required): Website Latest FDI: Boeing, SpringFountain boost Nigerian airline industry with $20bn investment — 6th June 2017 By Louis Ibah  US aircraft manufacturer, the Boeing Company, yesterday, announced it was partnering with SpringFountain Infrastructure Nigeria Limited to provide a credit facility that would assist in the lease of aircraft by local airline owners in Nigeria. The two firms are also partnering to float an aircraft Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) as well… Five ways to create wealth with N10,000 — 6th June 2017 Stories by Omodele Adigun ‘It doesn’t take a lot of money to make more money’, says an expert. ‘You can start with as little as N1000 or N2000. The hard part is breaking the habit of spending so-called disposable income on disposable items that don’t appreciate over time.’ But what if you take the money… Fidelity Bank inducts new staff into workforce — 6th June 2017 After a rigorous three- month training programme at the Fidelity Crest Academy, the graduates of the school were admitted into the bank’s workforce at the weekend.   Speaking at a cocktail ceremony to celebrate the graduands in Lagos, the Managing Director of the bank, Mr. Nnamdi Okonkwo, urged them to make use of the exposure… 55 govt officials, businessmen stole N1.35trn –Report — 6th June 2017 •Banks still housing looted funds, says Osinbajo From Juliana Taiwo-Obalonye, Abuja Fifty-five top government officials and private businessmen in Nigeria illicitly diverted N1.35 trillion (about $7.5m then) between 2006 and 2015, a study has revealed.    Chairman, Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC), Itse Sagay, who made this known at the “Conference on promoting international… INEC to release list of new registered political parties Wednesday — 6th June 2017 …Nwanyanwu unveils new party From Romanus Ugwu, in Kaduna and Ndubuisi Orji, Abuja The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said it would release list of registered new political parties out of the 95 political associations seeking INEC registration, tomorrow. INEC boss, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, who made the disclosure at the ongoing workshop on the Review… Entertainment “Our songs shouldn’t be just about ‘wine-your-waist’,”: Daddy Fresh — 5th June 2017 Veteran musician, Innocent Onyemuwa, popularly known as Daddy Fresh, on Monday advised the new generation of musicians to focus more on creating songs that would impact positively on the country’s economy. Daddy Fresh said that they should not focus on whine-your-waist songs alone. They should involve themselves in activities that were relevant and meaningful to… South-West Report Olubadan stool review — 1st June 2017 • Oyo govt, Ibadan high chiefs at loggerheadsFrom Oluseye Ojo, Ibadan From Oluseye Ojo, Ibadan         These days, fragile peace is pervading the atmosphere of Ibadan, Oyo State, over the resolve of Governor Abiola Ajimobi to review Olubadan chieftaincy system. The government had set up a technical committee to review the chieftaincy system in… Abuja Metro Paying for darkness: Kuje residents complain of neglect by AEDC — 31st May 2017 AEDC staff indulge in sharp practices, most transformers substandard -Mohammed  By Romanus Ugwu The level of human traffic in and out of the Kuje Area Council commercial office of the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) on a daily basis is unprecedented. While some arrive with burning anger over one complaint or the other, many others… Oriental News CBN takes stock of agric loans to Enugu farmers — 31st May 2017 When CBN rewards microfinance houses in Enugu From Chidi Nnadi, Enugu Last week, the management staff of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Enugu, gathered the chairmen and managing directors of microfinance banks and Agricultural Credit Guarantee Scheme (ACGS) commercial banks in the state to take stock of the performance of the ACGS in 2016…. Features 6 things to consider before renting an apartment for the first time — 5th June 2017 When you become a part of the private rented sector for the first time, there are a number of things you have to consider to ensure you are not cheated and that you’re in a secure and safe tenancy. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares 6 things you as a first time renter should… Literary Review Gbenro Adegbola: Copyright war ‘ll be better served with public education — 27th May 2017 Mr. Gbenro Adegbola is the CEO/MD of First Veritas, a digital publishing firm he set up after quitting Evans Publishers Ltd, where he was the Managing Director some years back. Adegbola’s crossover to digital publishing was an expression of a cumulative experience he garnered in a tripartite career, spanning decades –broadcasting, publishing and ICT. From… Lifeline Daily Sun report breathes new life into decrepit school — 2nd June 2017 •Old students move to rebuild Mafograms, offer best student US scholarship By Tessy Igomu Tucked inside a rundown street in Mafoluku, Oshodi, a densely populated part of Lagos, Mafoluku Grammar School (Mafograms) was for years in a dilapidated, sordid state. Devoid of modern learning facilities and infrastructure, with a poultry-like appearance, the school provided minimal… Education Review 2017 jamb: a post-mortem — 30th May 2017 Why subject combinations become muddled up in UTME What can be done to stop the yearly occurrence Looking back at the hurdles in JAMB exam By Chika Abanobi Hillary Ashikodi, 16, and one of the candidates in this year’s Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) had chosen to read Law or Mass Communication (his second choice)… Marketing Matters Indomie, Coca-Cola, Delta State come out tops at 2016 ADVAN Awards — 30th November 2016 It was a unique gathering of major stakeholders in Nigeria’s marketing industry when the Advertisers Association of Nigeria (ADVAN) rolled out the red carpet to celebrate outstanding achievers at the 2016 ADVAN Awards for Marketing Excellence at the MUSON Centre, Onikan, Lagos, last weekend. The event threw up new champions who would bask in the… TSWeekend Poor time management, power cuts mar One Africa Music Fest in UK — 2nd June 2017 From Chika Oleh, London   Following two sold out shows in New York and Houston, the One Africa Music Fest, world’s biggest Afrobeats fiesta, held its 2017 edition in the United Kingdom at London’s SSE Wembley Arena on Saturday, May 13. Organised by Paul Okoye, CEO, Upfront and Personal Global Management Consultants (UPGMC), the festival was… Columnists Men-o-pulse: The harder they come — 5th June 2017 Well, the oppressors are trying to keep me down Trying to drive me underground And they think that they have got the battle won I say forgive them Lord, they know not what they’ve done ’Cause, as sure as the sun will shine I’m gonna get my share now, what’s mine And then the harder… An insulting political generation: Leadership suicide? — 5th June 2017 Nigeria has too much baggage which saddens, shames, and depresses an alarming majority of Nigerians. Thankfully, God created us so well that we are capable of making light of heavy-duty situations. But, with more and more Nigerians taking to suicide, the owl is coming home to roost. Since our literati live in denial, it might… APC’s poor mid-term report — 5th June 2017 EVEN with less than two years to round off its term, it is obvious from all indications that the All Progressives Congress (APC) may end up being worse than the hounded People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and the defunct National Party of Nigeria (NPN). So far, it has been one step forward and nine steps backwards…. Is leprosy coming back?….(2) — 4th June 2017     Last week, we introduced ourselves to the current rampaging effects of leprosy, a disease we thought had become obsolescence. We mentioned that according to the latest research by World Health Organization(WHO), new cases(2,892) of leprosy, almost of epidemic proportions have been identified in 15 States and still counting. Yes, leprosy has been in… AIG and the PPP option in the reform of the civil service — 4th June 2017 When some three weeks ago, the Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (OHCSF) signed an MoU with the Africa Initiative for Governance (AIG) in a significant public-private partnership (PPP) geared towards transforming the Nigerian Civil Service, I was filled with the bursting pride of someone who sits and watch some… Kidnapping is the new oil — 4th June 2017 One sign of a failed or failing society is paralysis of law and order; a complete breakdown of the conventional and enthronement of the bizarre. The Nigerian socio-economic ecosystem has witnessed such anarchical order in recent years. It is the elevation of a special variant of crime to one huge industry. It is called abduction;… I have fallen in love again — 4th June 2017 Please do not ask me what or who I have fallen in love with or why or how I have allowed myself to fall in love again. Again implies that I have fallen in love more than once. Of course I have. I have been falling in and out of love for many times since,… Nigeria and the Biafra challenge — 4th June 2017 Let me start with this admission: it was a herculean task determining what issue to deal with on this page today. Before the Biafrans surprised everyone with the huge compliance to the sit-at-home call to mark the Heroes Day on Tuesday, May 30, two issues were struggling for attention in my head and my mind…. Senators, watch your back! — 4th June 2017 Something is terribly wrong. It started as a huge joke. Strangely, it’s gradually becoming a sad norm. As politicians prepare to dig it out in 2019, this misnomer may become the new order. In case you are unaware, lawmakers are facing a dangerous uprising from their constituencies. They are being beaten up or attacked by… When God’s promises sound funny — 4th June 2017 Tough one! But trust me, I’m not about to blaspheme. I know it from experience, observed it in others and read about it. Very often, God’s promises contradict your circumstances.  And what do you do? In the case of Sarah, she laughed at God. What do you do? John Akpan was broke and busted, as… Home About Us Paper Ad Rate Online Ad Rate The Team Contact Us Archive June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Enquiries Take advantage of our impressive statistics, advertise your brands and products on this site. Call Uche on +234-805-633-4351 Editor, Online: Ikenna Emewu Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 46-55 We set you thinking Thursday 8 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed 1496928822 Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations 1496928540 Business Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private 1496927864 Business Italy rally soothes Europe's UK election, ECB jitters 1496925587 World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war 1496928406 Singapore Singapore Zoo’s white tiger, Omar, dies 1496898180 World Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar 1496927703 World Tehran blames Saudis for terror attack 1496871060 Sports Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans 1496906760 Business Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid 1496927120 World Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally 1496926586 World Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry 1496926705 Business More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts 1496927085 World Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' 1496925827 World UAE re-imposes port ban on Qatari-linked oil tankers 1496925755 World Al Jazeera says will keep editorial independence in Gulf dispute 1496925755 World Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies 1496925728 World U.N. expert mission assists Ivory Coast arms cache investigation 1496923803 World Britain drops opposition to new EU military command center 1496925225 Business ECB policy changes came without dissent - Draghi 1496926124 Business ECB's Draghi drops reference to 'downside risks' to economy 1496925711 Business Nissan to make automatic emergency braking standard in one million U.S. cars 1496923405 Business Jobless claims drop; labor market slack shrinking 1496926235 Business Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions 1496913339 Business Boeing studies pilotless planes as it ponders next jetliner 1496926512 World May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election 1496876899 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Singapore Plea deal offered to Australian involved in Changi Airport scuffle 1496924220 World Story of mankind rewritten as oldest fossils found 1496925730 Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa 1496924340 China&India Indian teenager tops exams, eschews college to become monk 1496924220 Sports Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson 1496923740 World Chad recalls ambassador from Qatar amid Gulf Arab row 1496922498 World ‘I am doing good’: A Syrian smuggler’s story 1496923027 Singapore More than 2,700 cartons of contraband cigarettes seized from a farm 1496923021 Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album 1496922724 Sports Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore 1496920980 World Boko Haram attack on Nigerian city of Maiduguri kills 14 people, say police 1496921084 World Norway Supreme Court turns down mass murderer Breivik's appeal 1496919670 World Kosovo Islamic State commander killed, police and family say 1496918466 World Manchester bomber radicalized in UK in 2015: Tripoli counter-terror force 1496917900 World Somalia's al Shabaab kills 20 soldiers in Puntland attack: officer 1496917390 World Final UK opinion poll shows PM May's Conservatives' lead widening 1496919038 Entertainment Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia 1496920338 World Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack 1496913416 World UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online 1496903745 World Australian police to get greater powers to shoot in militant sieges 1496903045 World Bodies, debris found in search for missing Myanmar aircraft 1496904598 Business Oil crawls off one-month lows, but supply gloom caps gains 1496913802 World Thailand proposes palace budget of more than S$170 million 1496918527 Business Lion Air may help launch Boeing 737 MAX 10: sources A Lion Air plane taxis after landing at Denpassar international airport in Bali. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:30 AM, June 6, 2017 Updated: 1:20 PM, June 6, 2017 CANCUN, Mexico/JAKARTA - Indonesian budget carrier Lion Air may be an inaugural customer for a new Boeing Co <BA.N> plane that will become the largest member of its 737 medium-haul jet family, expected to be launched at the Paris Airshow, three people familiar with the plans said. The order for the new 737 MAX 10 model may, however, include some aircraft originally ordered in a smaller size and upgraded to the proposed new 190-230-seat model, two of them said. Lion Air will be a launch customer for the 737 MAX 10, Lion Air Group President Director Edward Sirait confirmed to Reuters. He did not immediately provide the number of planes it has ordered. Boeing declined to comment. Indian budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> also is among carriers seen as potential targets for the aircraft, a version designed to seat up to 230 people and blunt strong sales of the Airbus A321neo, two of the sources said. SpiceJet could not immediately be reached for comment. United Airlines <UAL.N> also has been closely studying the aircraft as Boeing pitches for a marquee customer to launch the fifth variant of its 737 MAX family, two other sources said. United Airlines Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz, contacted at an airlines meeting in Mexico, declined to comment. Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS>, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single-aisle aircraft from either Airbus <AIR.PA> or Boeing, people familiar with the matter said earlier. If the deal is awarded to Jet's current supplier Boeing, it could include some of the new 737 MAX 10 model. None of the sources agreed to be named because the talks remain confidential. Private Indonesian carrier Lion Air ordered 201 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in 2012 and placed options for another 150. Such orders typically include the right to convert between different variants of each model. Other airlines are looking at the Boeing 737 MAX 10, but some are nervous about committing to a new variant given patchy sales of some current models of the 737 MAX, whose success rests mainly on sales of the Boeing 737 MAX 8, the sources said. At least one Chinese leasing company is said to be in negotiations with both manufacturers as Airbus tries to disrupt the launch, which sources say is planned for the June 19-25 air show. Airbus declined to comment on any ongoing negotiations. Airbus sales chief John Leahy earlier criticized the 737 MAX 10 as a "marginal" airplane, implying sales would be poor. Boeing marketing vice president Randy Tinseth told Reuters some airlines want more seats than existing versions and that the MAX 10 would be 5 percent more efficient than the Airbus A321neo. Airbus says its own plane is more efficient. "It (the 737 MAX 10) is not a me-too airplane. We are focusing on a better airplane," Tinseth said on the sidelines of the International Air Travel Association annual meeting in Cancun, Mexico. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan What does a CEO look like? New female 'Foundation 500' list challenges stereotypes Wells Fargo's business banking group expands to four regions Waymo working on self-driving trucks Warren Buffett lunch bidding quickly hits $1 million Wall Street slips ahead of UK vote, ECB, Comey testimony Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Inside Today World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans Foreign talent scheme ‘can help Lions roar again’ Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia Movie review: The Mummy George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Ella and Alexander About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
About US Contact US Thursday June 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Cyber Security Defence Intelligence Police Security Economics Environment Global Regions Africa Americas Canada Latin America United States of America Asia Pacific Asia Pacific Australia China India Japan New Zealand Europe Baltics Eurozone Ireland Russia Scandinavia United Kingdom Boeing delivers increased efficiencies; reduced waste, emissions By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 6, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing delivers increased efficiencies; reduced waste, emissions       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing delivers increased efficiencies; reduced waste, emissions CHICAGO, June 5, 2017 – Boeing (NYSE: BA) is building and delivering new jetliners that will reduce fuel use and emissions by up to 25 percent, reducing solid waste sent to landfills by almost 20 percent, and advancing promising environmental technologies through a first-ever collaboration with Brazil-based Embraer. These and other improvements to Boeing’s environmental performance are highlighted in the company’s 2017 Environment Report, released today. “Our unwavering commitment to innovation and environmental performance is reflected across our products, services and operations,” said Ursula English, vice president of Environment, Health & Safety. “Today, on World Environment Day, we acknowledge the progress we’re making, and we look forward to raising the bar as we work toward a sustainable future.” The 2017 Environment Report highlights include: Boeing operations reduced green-house gas emissions, solid waste to landfill, water intake and hazardous waste generation by between 5 and 19 percent in 2016. Five production facilities sent zero waste to landfills. The ecoDemonstrator program’s 2016 testbed was an Embraer E170 regional jet, and marked the first such collaboration with another airplane manufacturer. Overall, the program has tested 60 new technologies that show promise in reducing fuel use, emissions and noise. The new 737 MAX, which entered service in May, is 20 percent more fuel efficient than the original Next-Generation 737 and has a 40 percent smaller noise footprint than today’s single-aisle aircraft. The new 787-10, which began flight testing earlier this year, will be approximately 25 percent more fuel efficient than the airplanes it replaces. To read the full 2017 Environment Report, visit Boeing.com. # # # Contact:  Stephanie Miller Office: +1 425-237-8853 Mobile: +1 206-619-7280 stephanie.a.miller3@boeing.com Follow us on Twitter: @Boeing     Print       Email Published: 3 days ago on June 6, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 6, 2017 @ 7:14 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → American Climate Leaders Declare “We are Still In” ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE LWC Offers Bonding Services to State Employers About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
LATEST NEWS: May 28, 2017Read the PIGB as passed by Senate (business, economy, featured) May 22, 2017Why work has not started on Apapa roads - Fashola (featured, news) May 22, 2017Coach excited as FC Ifeanyi Ubah wallop 3SC in Ibadan + Match Day 20 results (football, sport) May 22, 2017Acting President to hold interactive session on new Executive Orders (business, economy, featured) 08. June 2017 LAGOS STATE27°C+234 809 400 0057 PRIVACY POLICYADVERT RATESSUBMIT NEWS     Home News Sport Politics Columns Business Life & Style Crime R&D Health Diet and Fitness Intimacy Entertainment Photos Fashion Movies Music TheEagleJune 5, 20174min0 Boeing Nigerian aviation industry Springfountain Related Articles BusinessEconomy Senate summons Fashola over abandoned road BusinessEconomy Kwara generates N6.6b in Q1 of 2017 BusinessEconomy Bill to amend CBN Act scales second reading in Senate BusinessEconomy Nigerian elected chairman Negotiations Forum Continental Free Trade Area BusinessEconomyFeatured Probe $15.9b NLNG dividends theft, NEITI urges Reps BusinessEconomy Bridge Concept, UBA introduce Naija Green Card for young Nigerians BusinessEconomy Renovated Transcorp Hilton Abuja executive floors unveiled BusinessEconomy Springfountain, Boeing sign agreement to invest $20b in Nigerian aviation industry Also speaking, Tolliver said the partnership was aimed at improving Boeing’s services to its clients, adding that Springfountain had demonstrated sufficient commitment towards making it a success. On his part, Senator Hadi Sirika, Minister of State, Aviation, congratulated Springfountain on the attainment of the strategic relationship with Boeing. Springfountain, one of Nigeria’s leading aviation infrastructure firms and aircraft manufacturers, the Boeing Company USA, have signed a strategic agreement that would lead to a $20 billion investment in the Nigerian aviation industry within the next few years. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that agreement was signed on Monday in Lagos by Tokunbor Fagbemi, the Managing Director, Springfountain, and Larry Tolliver, Head of Sales, West and Central Africa, the Boeing Company. Speaking at the ceremony, Fagbemi said the proposed investment would be carried out through the African Aircraft Leasing Company, OEM Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul Centre, African Aircraft Spare Parts Company and Aggregated Services Solutions. Fagbemi said it would cover aircraft leasing, maintenance, repair and overhaul, spares logistics and supply, as well as aggregated services solutions. She noted that the absence of such facilities and services in Africa were some of the major challenges faced by the Nigerian airlines and the aviation sector. Fagbemi said : “We, as dynamic Nigerians and as patriotic citizens of this great nation have made Nigeria our first port of call to situate, subject to provision of all the necessary enabling environment, free of the risk of expropriation. “We believe that through this venture, we would have added our quota to ensure that Nigeria does not lose out, as African aviation is gathering momentum and countries within Africa are repositioning, developing culture, business, economy etc, around aviation and increased intra-continental air connectivity.’’ According to her, the facilities and services will require the local skills in diverse fields ranging from piloting, aviation engineering, aviation economics and aviation law, thereby creating employment opportunities for Nigerians. She, however, appealed to the Nigerian government to make travelling affordable and convenient for the Nigerian masses, noting that the country only had 15 million domestic and foreign travellers, out of a population of 180 million. Fagbemi said: “We want to work with government and the aviation industry to bring brand new aircraft which hopefully will bring down the cost of operations for operators and bring down the cost of airfare for passengers in Africa. “We, therefore, call on government to facilitate the implementation of the Yamoussoukro Declaration and the African Union Declaration 2063.’’ She also urged the government to create an enabling environment for the projects to take off by way of policies and waivers, as well as investment in aviation education, skill building and skill development. Also speaking, Tolliver said the partnership was aimed at improving Boeing’s services to its clients, adding that Springfountain had demonstrated sufficient commitment towards making it a success. On his part, Senator Hadi Sirika, Minister of State, Aviation, congratulated Springfountain on the attainment of the strategic relationship with Boeing. Sirika, represented by Captain Sidi Abdullahi, Director of Operations, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, said the partnership was expected to bring in innovative solutions that would assist in solving major issues bedeviling the Nigerian aviation industry. Sirika said: “With the commitment of Boeing in Nigeria and the right quality of Nigerian human resources, there will be job creation and wealth retention in Nigeria.’’ Speaking similarly, the Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema, said the establishment of the MRO facility would help domestic airlines save up to $500 million annually. Onyeama said: “This is what we have been yearning for in Nigeria and I am calling on the government to ensure that this dream becomes a reality by supporting this partnership.’’ ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related previousUN mourns Osotimehin nextSpate of female killings continues unabated in South Africa Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Post Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Posts WHO issues new updates on antibiotics, HIV, cancer drugs Four-year-old starves to death holding mother’s dead body Why there is crisis in Kogi APC – Reconciliation committee How alcohol intake during pregnancy deforms babies MURIC opposes permission granted ex-Minister’s son standing trial to go for Hajj Senate to investigate illegal migration across the Sahara Parents of kidnapped Lagos students weep at Government House Nigeria too precious, problems too pressing to pander to divisive rhetoric – Atiku Actress Moji Olaiya buried Udeogaranya wants South-East to produce president in 2019 Senate summons Fashola over abandoned road What INEC requires for CVR at polling unit level – Chairman Looking to seriously shed those unwanted fat... Let's help out. * Sweet 16, figure 18 * Life begins at 40 * flat tummy, Sexy shape, hubby's choice. * just want to be Healthy? Time to get in touch is now, no more delays. Call/WhatsApp: 08023324727 Most Popular Four policemen killed, students injured as robbers hit banks on university road Naira gains eight points against Dollar Groups give Igbos three months to leave North Breaking: INEC registers five new political parties Bomb Scare: Passengers jump off plane Facebook founder meets Nigerian founder of Female In Nigeria Actress Moji Olaiya buried Encomiums from Nollywood, music artists at Moji Olaiya's night of tributes Four-year-old starves to death holding mother’s dead body About us The Eagle Online is published by Premium Eagle Media Limited 27, Joseph Odunlami Street, off Thomas Salako Street, Ogba, Lagos. Email: info@theeagleonline.com.ng, dotunoladipo@theeagleonline.com.ng Phone: 08023145962, 08094000057 Whatsapp: 08094000057 SEND US A MESSAGE Latest posts WHO issues new updates on antibiotics, HIV, cancer drugs How alcohol intake during pregnancy deforms babies Rivers United 100 CAF match balls dispatched to NFF top shot ‘disappears’ Newsletter Email * Categories HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US © Copyright by The Eagle Online 2012 – 2017. All rights reserved. HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Norwegian’s first 737 MAX delayed to the end of June Norwegian’s first 737 MAX delayed to the end of June Jun 5, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 737 MAX in Norwegian livery. Boeing Related Media Gallery: Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes flight Advertisement Low-cost carrier Norwegian has been told that the first Boeing 737 MAX it has on order will now arrive at the end of June. Norwegian was slated to receive its first 737 MAX 8 during week commencing June 12, but a Boeing spokesman confirmed it will now arrive at the end of the month. “Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between the US east coast and Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Norway will be operated by another aircraft type,” a Norwegian spokesman said. “On occasion delivery processes runs into minor issues—whether for maintenance or other reasons.  In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue. We fully expect to deliver later this month and look forward to the MAX entering revenue service with Norwegian.” Boeing suspended all 737 MAX flights May 10 after being informed by CFM, a GE Aviation/Safran Aircraft Engines joint venture, of a potential issue with the aircraft’s LEAP-1B engine. The suspension was implemented “out of an abundance of caution,” Boeing said, but test flights resumed a few days later. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Virgin Australia to delay Boeing 737 MAX deliveries   Garuda Indonesia to take first Boeing 737 MAX in 4Q   737 MAX’s first flight starts a year of transition for Boeing   Boeing bullish on 737 MAX for Asian LCC market   SpiceJet orders more Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Blogs & Commentary Jun 7, 2017 blog Airlines need Brexit answers. Soon. The UK is scheduled to leave the EU (Brexit) by the end of March 2019, but airlines don’t have two years, they need answers by April next year....More Jun 6, 2017 blog Editor’s Blog: Walsh’s meltdown over the BA meltdown A clearly irritated Willie Walsh was ready to chastise the press. “It wasn’t a computer meltdown,” he said as soon as he was asked about the British Airways incident that essentially shut down the airline’s London operations. “It was not a failure of IT; it was a failure of power.”...More Jun 5, 2017 blog Editor's Blog: The USA becomes the unnamed problem child If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it’s going to get a lot messier in world free trade”....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 7, 2017 Article Further US airline consolidation unlikely for now Further airline industry consolidation is unlikely in the US in the near future, but carriers may seek to grow through joint ventures or investments in foreign airlines, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC)....More Jun 7, 2017 Article ATW Plus CEO: Kenya Airways has potential to be major African carrier   Kenya Airways has all the ingredients to become a major player in Africa following restructuring over the last two years, CEO Sebastian Mikosz told ATW at the IATA AGM in Cancun....More Jun 7, 2017 Article Hawaiian Airlines on track for first two A321neo deliveries Hawaiian Airlines remains on track to receive the first of its Airbus A321neos in October, following delivery delays that have also affected other neo customers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 12:00 AM, June 06, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:00 AM, June 06, 2017 Regent Airways to raise Middle East flights 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link M Fazle Akbar Shamiul Hossain Regent Airways plans to add three new Boeing aircraft to its fleet in order to expand its operation to all countries in the Middle East by next year. “Our main aim is to let our expatriate Bangladeshis enjoy a comfortable and smooth journey at an affordable price,” said M Fazle Akbar, chief executive officer of Regent Airways. He talked about his company's plans on the sidelines of a programme at the Doha Marriott Hotel in Doha on May 21. The programme was organised on the occasion of Regent's inaugural flight to the capital of Qatar. Recently, a new Boeing 737-800 aircraft has been added to Regent's fleet to take the total number of carrier to seven -- five Boeing and two Bombardier Dash. Akbar said the airline is going to begin its flights to Dammam, Saudi Arabia and plans to fly to Abu Dhabi. “We are planning something big for the future to fly to Dammam and Riyadh in Saudi Arabia and Egypt.” “At the end of 2017, we will be working to operate our flights to tourist destinations such as Colombo. We are also eyeing Chennai. We have many Bangladeshi there.” He said Regent Airways offers cheaper fares compared to other airlines. “The fares of other airlines are quite high. In many cases, the passengers are also not happy with the food. Even though our fare is not high, we try to offer the best service, including better food, to our expatriate workers because they contribute so much to our economy.” The passengers can also carry heavier luggage while returning home, Akbar said. The company plans to cash in on the FIFA World Cup to be held in Qatar in 2022. “We hope many Bangladeshis will come to Doha to be a part of the historic moment. We are planning to contact an agency to offer an attractive package to the Bangladeshis who would like to watch the games,” said the CEO. Akbar also touched upon various problems confronting the private airlines in Bangladesh. “We pay a lot of taxes. The fuel price is very high. The truth is the private airlines are not growing that much. We don't get any subsidy, whereas in countries such as the UAE many airlines are government-backed.” He said in Bangladesh airport charges and the tax on imported spare parts are also very high. “So, airlines usually don't survive in Bangladesh.” The CEO said the Bangladesh market is being taken over by the foreign carriers. He said Qatar and Etihad airways fly a significant number of flights to and from Dhaka and they are full. “If the airlines from our country can grow and operate more flights, the earnings will remain in the country.” The airline employed some 5,000 Bangladeshis, directly and indirectly. “They are our people,” said Akbar.  He said if the government encourages the local airlines, they would be able to prevent foreign airlines from taking “our money”. “But all depends on the support from the government.” Akbar said airport charge, handling charge, surcharge and fuel prices have to be lowered. “A foreign carrier and Regent are paying the same charges. It isn't good.” The CEO is hopeful, saying the government seems to be sympathetic towards the local airlines. “We are hopeful of a solution.” Regent Airways is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Habib Group, a Chittagong-based conglomerate engaged in a diverse portfolio of business endeavors, including power, steel, readymade garments, textiles, spinning, cement, paper and fertilizer. Stay updated on the go with The Daily Star News App. Click here to download it for your device. The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business It's planned Baby with suspected Progeria born in Dhaka Moudud evicted from Gulshan residence EU slaps cargo curbs on Dhaka Income tax rates, tax-free limit to stay unchanged Many houses torched in Rangamati 12kms flyover for Dhaka dwellers Rampal Power Plant: Myths debunked Budget 2017-18 in pie charts MBBS entry test repeaters to be fined 5 marks 12kms flyover for Dhaka dwellers Budget 2017-18 in pie charts Muhith won’t reconsider excise duty on bank account Budget an economic illusion: CPD 6.8% growth in 2017: World Bank Used cars to be dearer Mobile handsets to be costlier Chinese investors keen on Bangladesh: SCB Incentive planned for leather industry Govt continues to encourage LPG use More from Business Transcom Foods helping youths build career Windows 10 has 500m active devices: Microsoft Oppo launches black version of Oppo F3 High taxes dent telecom sector's growth: operators New digitisation policy on cards 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live In case you missed it Streets of Dhaka: My gang and I Mamata at it again Day labourer turns successful retailer Heat wave to continue for a few days Streets of Dhaka: 7 reasons why we love Saat Masjid Road Multimedia you may like Today's Gallery (2017.06.08) Today's Gallery (2017.06.07) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.06.06) Today's Gallery (2017.06.04) Today's Gallery (2017.06.03) Today's Gallery (2017.06.02) facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Business & Economy Springfountain, Boeing to invest $20bn in Nigerian aviation industry Published June 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 One of Nigeria’s leading aviation infrastructure firms, Springfountain, and aircraft manufacturers, the Boeing Company USA, have signed a strategic agreement that would lead to a $20bn investment in the Nigerian aviation industry within the next few years. The agreement was signed on Monday in Lagos by Mrs Tokunbor Fagbemi, Managing Director, Springfountain and Mr Larry Tolliver, Head of Sales, West and Central Africa, the Boeing Company. Speaking at the ceremony, Fagbemi said the proposed investment would be carried out through the African Aircraft Leasing Company, OEM Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul Centre, African Aircraft Spare Parts Company and Aggregated Services Solutions. Fagbemi said it would cover aircraft leasing, maintenance, repair and overhaul, spares logistics and supply, as well as aggregated services solutions. She noted that the absence of such facilities and services in Africa were some of the major challenges faced by the Nigerian airlines and the aviation sector. Fagbemi said, “We, as dynamic Nigerians and as patriotic citizens of this great nation have made Nigeria our first port of call to situate, subject to provision of all the necessary enabling environment, free of the risk of expropriation. “We believe that through this venture, we would have added our quota to ensure that Nigeria does not lose out, as African aviation is gathering momentum and countries within Africa are repositioning, developing culture, business, economy etc, around aviation and increased intra-continental air connectivity.’’ According to her, the facilities and services will require the local skills in diverse fields ranging from piloting, aviation engineering, aviation economics and aviation law, thereby creating employment opportunities for Nigerians. She, however, appealed to the Nigerian government to make travel affordable and convenient for the Nigerian masses, noting that the country only had 15 million domestic and foreign travellers, out of a population of 180 million. “We want to work with government and the aviation industry to bring brand new aircraft which hopefully will bring down the cost of operations for operators and bring down the cost of airfare for passengers in Africa. “We, therefore, call on government to facilitate the implementation of the Yamoussoukro Declaration (YD) and the African Union Declaration 2063,’’ Fagbemi said. She also urged the government to create an enabling environment for the projects to take off by way of policies and waivers, as well as investment in aviation education, skill building and skill development. Also speaking, Tolliver said the partnership was aimed at improving Boeing’s services to its clients, adding that Springfountain had demonstrated sufficient commitment towards making it a success. On his part, Sen. Hadi Sirika, Minister of State, Aviation, congratulated Springfountain on the attainment of the strategic relationship with Boeing. Sirika, represented by Capt. Sidi Abdullahi, Director of Operations, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, said the partnership was expected to bring in innovative solutions that would assist in solving major issues bedevilling the Nigerian aviation industry. “With the commitment of Boeing in Nigeria and the right quality of Nigerian human resources, there will be job creation and wealth retention in Nigeria,’’ he said. Similarly, the Chairman of Air Peace, Mr Allen Onyema, said the establishment of the MRO facility would help domestic airlines save up to $500m annually. “This is what we have been yearning for in Nigeria and I am calling on the government to ensure that this dream becomes a reality by supporting this partnership,’’ he added. (NAN) Share Tweet Pin it +1 Boeing Springfountain Trending Ritualists target bald men, believe their heads harbour gold Man loses 22-year-old wife to football ‘bet’ Who will pay these huge debts? Cult members from Ilorin throw rival into Lagos lagoon Eagles promise Bafana win, 500 policemen for clash Download the Punch e-Paper here Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to content Menu Home Mining Economy Environment Finance Hospitality Technology Trade Manufacturing Agribusiness About Us Breaking News: How homegrown innovation solves Africa’s most pressing challenges High level panel on migration in Africa launched in Monrovia Africa becoming center of global trade Why Africa worries about food in the era of Nano technology Teddy Afro joins campaign on fathers’ role for child development Hospitality  June 5, 2017June 5, 2017 Ethiopian Airlines, NGOs partner for humanitarian flight Posted By: newbusin Ethiopian Airlines partnered with Boeing and three non-profit organizations to deliver 6.5 tons of humanitarian aids for St. Paul’s Hospital and Bihar Dar University College of Medicine & Health Sciences. Ethiopian and Boeing have synergized with Conscience International (CI), Horn of Africa Neonatal Development Services and Seattle Alliance Outreach (SAO) organizations for the deliveries. “For us, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities is as important as our focus on pure business performance,” said Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam, Group CEO Ethiopian Airlines. “This round of our humanitarian delivery is a continuation of our commendable collaboration with Boeing that has served as a source of vital service for our community and neighboring countries as well. Moreover, we are pleased to name our 18th B787 after Mother Teresa, who is always remembered as an icon of philanthropy. As a responsible corporate citizen, Ethiopian will continue to contribute on the socio-economic development of the country by relentlessly delivering on its corporate social responsibilities,” he said. “On the other hand, pursuant to our fleet modernization plan and to further meet the ever growing demand of our customers, we are in bold move of modernizing and expanding our fleet, networks and facilities. Hence, this move will further ensure unmatched combination of operational flexibility, efficiency, and passenger comfort that will allow Ethiopian to achieve its goal to be the leading Aviation Group in Africa and a leading global airline,” The CEO added. Currently, Ethiopian has 18 B787 in operation, deployed on its long haul passenger routes, and will receive the 19th by the end of this month, ferrying medical equipment and supplies for St. Paul’s Hospital. Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on LinkedIn Share Send email Mail Print Print Post navigation Africa, Europe call for full implementation of Paris Agreement Global economic spirits riving, research says nBE Featured Video Recent Posts How homegrown innovation solves Africa’s most pressing challenges June 7, 2017 High level panel on migration in Africa launched in Monrovia June 7, 2017 Africa becoming center of global trade June 7, 2017 Why Africa worries about food in the era of Nano technology June 6, 2017 Teddy Afro joins campaign on fathers’ role for child development June 6, 2017 CategoriesCategories Select Category Agribusiness Construction Economy Education Energy Entertainment Environment Finance Health Hospitality Informal Investment Manufacturing Mining nBE Blog nBE Videos Oil & Gas Other Media Politics Sponsored Technology Trade Photo Effects Online nBE Photos Copyright © 2017 . Theme: ColorNews by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
GET APP Home India Politics Movies Tech Cars18 iVideos Cricketnext Sports CompareIndia Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Buzz Latest News Photos Lifestyle World Business Buzz Football Travel French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Cars18 iVideos Cricketnext Sports CompareIndia All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Cars18 iVideos Cricketnext Sports CompareIndia Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Buzz Latest NewsPhotosLifestyleWorldBusinessBuzzFootballTravelFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Photos Lifestyle World Business Buzz Football Travel French Open Champions Trophy Jet Airways in Talks to Buy 75 Aircraft: Sources India Calls For Middle-income Country Coalition to Revive Globalisation Industry Cheers as Govt Paves The Way For Post Facto Environmental Clearance Sensex Slips 22 Points in Early Trade on Global Cues News18 » Business 2-min read Jet Airways in Talks to Buy 75 Aircraft: Sources Reuters Updated: June 5, 2017, 7:58 PM IST In this file photo, Jet Airways aircraft stand on tarmac at the domestic airport terminal in Mumbai. (Photo: Reuters/Punit Paranjpe) Cancun, Mexico/New Delhi: Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (http://bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. Airbus SE's A320neo Aircraft purchase plan Boeing 737 MAX Etihad Airways First Published: June 5, 2017, 7:43 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Photogallery +15 Shruti Haasan at the screening of 'Behen Hogi Teri' +25 CMT Music Awards 2017 - Show & Performances Recommended For You Ravindra Jadeja Becomes a Father, Blessed With a Baby Girl Why The Mummy Reboot Is Testing Waters For Tom Cruise, Makers Volkswagen Tiguan First Drive Review: The Subtle One Virat Kohli Wants BCCI to Consider Ravi Shastri for Coach's Job Latest Android Mobile Phones We Reviewed Recently About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Rahul Gandhi’s Motorcycle Diaries From MP, Without Number Plate India Calls For Middle-income Country Coalition to Revive Globalisation Pakistan Accuses India of Playing 'Devious Games' to Sabotage Ties With Afghanistan Sampaoli Hopes Lionel Messi Will Revive Argentina's World Cup Fortunes UK Arrests Three as Footage of London Bridge Attack Appears Online Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Boeing Sues Canada. Is It Making a Huge Mistake? Greed isn't good when it sacrifices huge profits for miniscule margins. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jun 5, 2017 at 8:46AM A founding member of the nine-nation international coalition that designed the F-35 stealth fighter, Canada once planned to acquire 65 of the stealth fighter jets for its air force. Under this scenario, the F-35's builder, Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), stands to enjoy a potential $30 billion payday for first selling Canada the airplanes, and then servicing and maintaining them for decades thereafter. That's one scenario, at least. Under another, Canada may buy no F-35s, and Lockheed may get no money at all -- unless Boeing (NYSE:BA) accidentally saves the day. Don't look now, but Boeing F/A-18 fighter jet sales could be shifting into reverse. Image source: Boeing. Canadian second thoughts Late last year, in a development disturbing for Lockheed, the Royal Canadian Air Force announced plans to acquire 18 new fighter jets to replace its aging fleet of 60 "CF-18" Canadian variant F/A-18A fighters. Canada's new planes won't be fifth-generation Lockheed Martin F-35s, though. Rather, the Canadian government has opted to purchase 18 Boeing-built fourth-generation F/A-18 fighters as a stopgap measure, while it continues to debate the merits of Lockheed's F-35. This could turn out to be a pricey proposition for Canada. By delaying a decision on Lockheed's F-35, the Canadian government has indicated it will have to pay to "modernize" its existing CF-18 aircraft, plus pay for the new Boeing F/A-18s. Even so, Canada may ultimately end up having to buy additional new fighters anyway, because eventually, those old CF-18s will become too obsolete to fly, even with upgrades. As the country continues to hem and haw, Lockheed is forced to cool its heels and await a final decision on whether one of the F-35s founding developers will ever buy the plane for itself at all. Canada's National Post now reports it's entirely possible Canada won't finish upgrading its air force until "the late 2020s." Will Boeing save Lockheed Martin's Canadian bacon? Here's where this story gets really interesting. Last month, Boeing -- the beneficiary of Canadian contrariness to date -- petitioned the Trump Administration U.S. International Trade Commission to punish Canadian aerospace champion Bombardier (NASDAQOTH:BDRBF) for offering its new CSeries civilian aircraft to U.S. airlines for sale at unfairly low prices. Last year, as you may recall, Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) placed a 75-plane order (upgradable to 125 planes) for Bombardier's CS100 civilian airliner. List-priced at $69.5 million per plane, the CS100 already costs less than the cheapest Boeing 737 (the 737-700), which lists at $82.4 million. But media reports suggest that Bombardier may have offered to sell Delta its CS100s for as much as 70% off of list price -- as little as $21 million per plane. Additional deals to sell CSeries jets to United Airlines, Spirit, and JetBlue are also said to be in the works -- and this has Boeing feeling nervous. In retaliation for Boeing's move, Canada is now threatening to "review" its planned purchase of the 18 F/A-18s described above. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland says Boeing's ITC challenge is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft" from competing against the Boeing 737, and vowed to "defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers" -- up to and including by killing the Boeing fighter jet deal in retaliation. Boeing's boneheaded move This would be horrible news for Boeing -- and it's an entirely unnecessary crisis of Boeing's own making. Granted, Boeing's 737 is one of the airplane maker's bigger profit makers in Commercial Airplanes. But according to Freeland, Boeing itself has admitted that Bombardier's tiny CS100 doesn't really compete with most larger Boeing 737s. (CSeries actually poses more of a threat to small passenger jets from Embraer than it does to Boeing). What's more, the profits Boeing earns on Commercial Airplanes pale in comparison to the margins it makes in Military Aircraft. According to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence, Boeing Commercial Aircraft sales yield operating margins of only about 4.8% on average. In contrast, Military Aircraft sales earn Boeing margins of better than 9.8%. In other words, the F/A-18s that Boeing had all but succeeded in selling to the Royal Canadian Air Force are all but guaranteed to be twice as profitable for Boeing as any 737s it might succeed in selling thanks to its ITC action. And any additional F/A-18s Boeing might succeed in selling to Canada, should the latter elect not to buy F-35s from Lockheed, would likewise be twice as profitable for Boeing. Now, Boeing has put all of those profits at risk. And it has no one to blame but itself. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Embraer-Empresa Brasileira. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 8:46AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $187.87 down $0.23 (-0.12%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $277.40 up $0.02 (0.01%) Delta Air Lines NYSE:DAL $52.27 no change (0.00%) BOMBARDIER INC B NASDAQOTH:BDRBF $1.89 no change (0.00%) Read More Boeing Wins Contract to Build DARPA XS-1 Experimental Space Plane Lockheed Martin Earnings: Beware of Falling Margins Lockheed Martin Green-Lighted to Produce New Helicopter for the Marines Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Look Who's Buying Lockheed Martin's F-35 Now! Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Boeing Sues Canada. Is It Making a Huge Mistake? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT, $DAL, $BDRBF
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Jet Airways in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets worth $5.6 bn Jet Airways in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets worth $5.6 bn Jet Airways India Ltd., the country’s biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 50 narrowbody jets worth at least $5.6 billion on top of a pending order for Boeing Co. 737 Max aircraft, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said. By: Bloomberg | Updated: June 5, 2017 4:41 PM Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC owns a 24 percent stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India. (Reuters) Jet Airways India Ltd., the country’s biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 50 narrowbody jets worth at least $5.6 billion on top of a pending order for Boeing Co. 737 Max aircraft, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said. The most likely model the airline is considering is the 737 Max, though it is also looking at Airbus SE’s A321neo jets as well as the 737 Max 10, a stretched version Boeing may introduce in Paris this month, the person said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are confidential. Jet Airways could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024, the person said. Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won’t comment on speculation, a spokesman said in an email. A representative for Boeing said in an email that the planemaker is in constant communications with airlines in India about their needs but doesn’t discuss specific conversations publicly. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares of the carrier extended gains to as much as 3.2 percent and traded at 500.30 rupees as of 3:29 p.m. in Mumbai on Monday. Also Watch: Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC owns a 24 percent stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India, one of the world’s fastest-growing aviation markets, where carriers offer cut-throat, below-cost fares to attract passengers. The Indian carrier made its first annual profit in seven years in the 12 months ended March 2016, mainly due to a drop in oil prices — the biggest cost for an airline. Airlines in Asia are ordering hundreds of new planes to meet surging demand as an emerging middle class spends more of its disposable income on air travel. In India, market leader IndiGo has ordered 430 A320neo jets and is in talks to buy 50 ATR turboprop aircraft, while budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd. has ordered as many as 205 Boeing jets. Pending Order The 737 Max is the fastest selling aircraft in Boeing’s history, with 3,700 orders from 87 customers from around the world, according to the Chicago-based company’s website. In 2015, Boeing said Jet Airways had an order for 75 Max 8 variants due for delivery starting 2018. The current list price of the Max 8 is $112.4 million before customary discounts for large orders. Jet Airways, which has 10 Boeing 787s on order, is also in talks with the planemaker to defer deliveries of the Dreamliners by two to three years, as the airline can use its existing relatively new 777 jets for a few more years, the person said. The carrier disclosed the 787 order in 2007 and has repeatedly delayed taking deliveries of the aircraft since 2011. In about three years, Jet’s A330s will exit its fleet, the person said. No Comments. Don't Miss Ease of doing business, tax relief & 24X7 power supply: UP's new industrial policy to be out in 2-4 weeks You may soon need your PAN or Aadhar card to book a flight ticket GST rates: A quick guide to how much tax you'll pay 4G speed in India 3 times lower than world average, ranks even below Pakistan, Sri Lanka: report India vs Sri Lanka LIVE Cricket Score: Shikhar Dhawan's century guides India to 321/6 MP farmers protest: Rajnath Singh says got information that some forces tried to instigate people in Mandsaur Pakistan accuses India of 'devious games' in Afghanistan UDAN scheme: Tamil Nadu signs MoU with Centre; Hosur, Neyveli set to have low-cost flight services Rahul Gandhi in Mandsaur Live Updates: Congress VP meets kin of Mandsaur victims, offers condolences Army deploys through the wall radars in Kashmir Business Gallery UK general election kicks off: Here are some choicest picks Sleep n fly lounge: Dubai Airport offers innovative Igloo pods for its travellers; here’s how it looks like DMK Chief Karunanidhi’s 94th birthday: From Rahul Gandhi, Nitish Kumar to Sitaram Yechury; opposition unity in pictures India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli-led India humiliates Pakistan, begins title defence in thumping style London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Technology Gallery WWDC 2017: iOS 11 brings powerful new features to iPhone and iPad; take a look WWDC 2017: Apple’s iMac Pro is the most powerful Mac ever; here are the key features WWDC 2017: Apple’s iPad Pro launched; know the key features WWDC 2017: From HomePod to iPad Pro and all new iOS update; know the key highlights from Apple’s big event ISRO GSLV Mk 3 rocket launches GSAT-19 satellite into space: 5 unique things you must know Hindi News MP किसान आंदोलन: राहुल गांधी को पुलिस ने रिहा किया, राजनाथ बोले- जांच रिपोर्ट आने दीजिए LIVE क्रिकेट स्कोर, भारत बनाम श्रीलंका, ICC चैंपियंस ट्रॉफी 2017: SL के सामने IND ने रखा 322 रनों का मुश्किल लक्ष्य मंदसौर जाते हुए राहुल गांधी ने खोया आपा...गाड़ी से उतरे, कुर्ते की आस्‍तीन चढ़ाई और पुलिस अफसर पर चिल्लाए- ऐ... Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Jet Airways in Talks to Buy 50 Single-Aisle Aircraft by Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz and Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky June 5, 2017, 5:45 AM EDT June 5, 2017, 1:55 PM EDT Indian carrier also studying A321neo as well as upgraded 737 U.S. manufacturer hunts orders as Max 10 debut looms in Paris Jet Airways India Ltd. is in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets worth at least $5.6 billion, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said, pitting the largest Boeing Co. 737 Max against Airbus SE’s A321neo. The 737 Max is considered the front-runner at the airline, the person said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are confidential. The carrier, India’s biggest full-service airline, operates an all-Boeing narrow-body fleet and already has an order for the Max 8, the most popular of the planemaker’s revamped 737 models. Jet Airways is studying two Boeing models: the high-density Max 200, favored by European budget carrier Ryanair Holdings Plc, as well as the Max 10, a stretched version Boeing may introduce in Paris this month, the person said. The airline could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024, the person said. Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won’t comment on speculation, a spokesman said by email. A representative for Chicago-based Boeing said by email that the planemaker is in constant communications with airlines in India about their needs but doesn’t discuss specific conversations publicly. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. The carrier’s shares climbed 2.5 percent to close at 497.15 rupees in Mumbai on Monday. Boeing was little changed at $189.58 at 1:25 p.m. in New York, while Airbus fell 1.1 percent to 74.76 euros. Hot Market Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC owns a 24 percent stake in Jet Airways, which is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India. It’s one of the world’s fastest-growing aviation markets, where carriers offer below-cost fares to attract passengers. The Indian carrier recorded its first annual profit in seven years in the 12 months ended March 2016, mainly because of a drop in oil prices -- among the biggest costs for an airline. Airlines in Asia are ordering hundreds of new planes to meet surging demand as an emerging middle class spends more of its disposable income on air travel. In India, market leader IndiGo has ordered 430 A320neo jets and is in talks to buy 50 ATR turboprop aircraft, while budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd. has ordered as many as 205 Boeing jets. The 737 Max is the fastest selling aircraft in Boeing’s history, with 3,700 orders from 87 customers from around the world, according to the company’s website. Jet Airways also had an order for 75 Max 8 variants due for delivery starting next year. The current list price of the Max 8 is $112.4 million before discounts that are customary for large orders. Jet Airways also is in talks with the U.S. planemaker to defer deliveries of 10 787 Dreamliners by two to three years, as the airline can use its existing relatively new 777 jets for a few more years, the person said. The carrier disclosed the 787 order in 2007 and has repeatedly postponed deliveries of the aircraft since 2011. In about three years, Jet’s A330s will exit its fleet, the person said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 London attack Manchester terror attack Cork Marathon 2017 Fine Gael leadership Lions Tour Home»Today's Stories Transatlantic flights to begin despite fresh delay Monday, June 05, 2017   Follow @EoinBearla By Eoin English Irish Examiner Reporter New low-cost transatlantic routes from Ireland will take off as planned next month despite a second delay in the delivery of new aircraft. Norwegian Air moved last night to reassure passengers that the launch of its new routes from Cork, Dublin, and Shannon to New York’s Stewart Airport and to Boston/Providence on July 1 will go ahead as planned after Boeing announced another delay in the delivery of its new 737 Max aircraft. Norwegian is the European launch customer for the 737 Max aircraft, with 108 on order. The airline had planned to collect the first aircraft from Boeing’s plant in Seattle on June 13 and fly it back to Oslo. But a spokesman said Boeing doesn’t expect the first 737 Max to be ready until the end of the month. “This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between Ireland and the US east coast will be operated by another aircraft type,” he said. It is understood Norwegian will use its existing 737-800 aircraft for the first few weeks, then switch onto the Max once it is delivered. The 737-800 and Max have identical interiors, seat room, and layout. A Boeing spokesman said the delivery processes for new aircraft can sometimes be affected by minor issues. “In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue,” he said. READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Fears grow for missing woman in Cork ‘Friendlier’ garda system needed to report radicalisation fears Care home resident required treatment in hospital after ingesting latex gloves Terence MacSwiney wedding gift on public display for first time Breaking Stories CSF/CIRA to disband and end 'futile' campaign, according to republican statement Limerick imam would 'physically tackle terrorist as last resort to save lives' Fitzgerald: No complacency about possibility of terror attack here Calls for Poolbeg incinerator to halt operations after 'uncontrolled release' of lime Lifestyle The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road A QUESTION OF TASTE - Ciara Higgins 11 things I never knew about flying ... until I became a flight attendant More From The Irish Examiner Nuns at polling stations is an election quirk to rival #dogsatpollingstations The person who set this Times crossword is the hero we need right now Meet some of the glorious dogs at polling stations as UK goes to polls Watch this hero jump through the window of a moving car to help the driver who was having a seizure Woman lets alpaca into her house to escape the rain, goes utterly viral Man at centre of viral tornado picture gives first Irish interview Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Call of Duty WWII to feature new Divisions System Apple's Planet of the Apps launches Lotto Results Wednesday, June 07, 2017 4 9 17 20 23 33 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories 120 people, mostly military families, feared dead after plane goes missing Man asks match to leave mid-way through first date and we're still cringing Man guilty of assault in row over breastfeeding Man killed in suspected hit-and-run named locally DPP to get file on death of young mother Anger as gang of up to 10 terrorises the people of Killorglin Dr Una May hits back at Eamonn Fitzmaurice claims Gardaí search Co. Cork house in connection with missing woman investigation Latest: Man arrested in Wexford is released; Gardai to get third more armed response officers Taxpayer faces €10,000 bill to put the A back in Lahinch NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Padraic Maher claims Tipp players opt to laugh off ‘ridiculous’ rumours Lions feeling Blue as chaos abounds and discipline fails LIFESTYLE The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
up next: now reading: While Boeing and Bombardier Bicker, Americans and Canadians Get Burned Boeing While Boeing and Bombardier Bicker, Americans and Canadians Get Burned By Allan Golombek June 05, 2017 Boeing X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... A current dispute between the Canadian government and the Montreal-based aircraft maker Bombardier on the one side, and Boeing on the other, appears to be proving one thing: Protectionism begets protectionism. The quarrel heated up a few weeks ago, when Boeing launched an anti-dumping petition against Bombardier, asking the U.S. Department of Commerce to find that the latter was guilty of dumping its C Series plane on the U.S. market at below market costs with the help of the Canadian and Quebec governments. Demonstrating an all-too-predictable tit-for-tat approach, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland responded immediately to the move, ordering a review of the government’s previously announced purchase, without an open competition, of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan made the link between Boeing’s trade action and the Canadian Government’s response even more explicit a few days ago, saying: “It is not the behavior we expect of a trusted partner and we call on Boeing to withdraw it." A few days later, the Canadian government suspended discussions with Boeing to iron out the details of the purchase. It is reminiscent of a Mafia Don: Nice aircraft contract ya got there. Would be a shame if anything were to happen to it. Let’s be clear about something right off the bat: The Canadian Government turned to the Super Hornet not as a favor to Boeing, but because it needed the fighter jets to fill a projected 20-year capability gap. The plane offers maneuverability, with the capacity to serve as a multi-role fighter capable of carrying a wide array of weapons, while providing compatibility with Canada’s existing fleet of CF-18s. If the government didn’t believe that Boeing’s fighter jet met those needs, the company wouldn’t have been awarded the contract, certainly not without competition. What the Canadian government is doing by holding up the contract is threatening to cut off its nose to spite Boeing’s face. Of course, Boeing is hardly in a position to complain about any country engaging in dirigiste economic policies. It has been a steady recipient of funds from Washington, channeled through the Export-Import Bank. In fact, Ex-Im is sometimes referred to as ‘Boeing’s Bank.’ And nobody comes to this fight with clean hands. Bombardier has consistently sought and obtained protectionist rents from Canadian governments. The billions in government largesse – including recent loans of $1 billion and $372 million from the Quebec and Canadian governments respectively – has allowed Bombardier to cut prices and win a contract from Delta Air Lines for its C Series airplane, prompting Boeing’s attempt to get the Commerce Department’s help. When one considers the way both Boeing and Bombardier have been getting fat off the largesse of their respective governments, in any competition between the two aircraft makers one thinks immediately of what Henry Kissinger was reputed to have said about the Iran-Iraq War: “It’s a pity both sides can’t lose.” But while both Boeing and Bombardier may benefit from their golden keys to their governments vaults, taxpayers, workers and other businesses on both sides of the border are the real losers. The money that Washington and Ottawa (and Quebec City) unload on the two aircraft companies only serves to distort the marketplace, restrain competition, divert capital and talent from other firms, and drain government revenue that could be used to cut taxes, reduce deficits, or improve infrastructure, education, training or other objectives. The dispute demonstrates, once again, that protectionism and mercantilism inevitably lead to a vicious cycle of favoritism, subsidies and low-interest forgivable loans, with all countries engaging in a true race to the bottom. For businesses like Boeing and Bombardier, it’s a hell of a ride – while citizens and taxpayers pay for it. Allan Golombek is a Senior Director at the White House Writers Group.  Related Topics: Canada, Bombardier, Boeing, Allan Golombek Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Aviation Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Infographics| Supplements| Flight Status | Style More Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Aviation Can UAE emerge as aircraft leasing hub? Matein Khalid Market View/Dubai Filed on June 4, 2017 | Last updated on June 4, 2017 at 08.18 pm Share More > Vote Boeing forecasts that the global passenger jet fleet will more than double to 45,250 by 2035. (AP) I was stunned to read a Boeing report that forecasts that the global passenger jet fleet will more than double to 45,250 by 2035. Given that almost 20,000 of the world's in service aircraft will be retired or converted to freighters in the next decade, Boeing forecasts at least $3 trillion in financing for 40,000 odd new aircraft deliveries in the next eighteen years. This makes aircraft leasing one of the few growth niches in global finance. While Tony Ryan and Guinness Peat Aviation pioneered the industry's growth in the late 1970's, putting Dublin on the world map as the epicentre of global aviation finance, I see no reason why Dubai and Abu Dhabi not take advantage of the sheer scale of the secular growth in the industry to nurture an ecosystem in aviation leasing and finance a new Dublin is in the desert. After all, even new, 8,000 of the 20,000 odd passenger jets in service even now are leased, not owned, by airlines. The global aircraft leasing markets enables Emirates and Etihad airlines to finance new aircraft orders, manage their balance sheets and manage their global route networks more efficiently. Chinese banks have emerged as major players in global aircraft leasing, as symbolised by the IPO of Bank of China (BOC) Aviation and CDB Financial Leasing's initial public assets in Hong Kong while investors as varied as Tony Fernandez's Air Asia and Li Ka Shing have actively acquired aircraft leasing assets. The world's top two aircraft lessors now are General Electric's Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) and Dublin's Aer Cap, with over 1,000 aircraft each leased to the world's leading airlines. Chinese megabanks ICBC are Bank of China and CDB own three of the world's largest operating lessors. Since Chinese demand for new passenger jets will shape the future of aviation in the next decade, it does not surprise me that Chinese banks, conglomerates and even Hong Kong taipans have scrambled to invest in aircraft leasing assets. There is surely a lesson here for the GCC's sovereign wealth funds, merchant banks, Islamic banks, insurance companies and family offices. As an investor, I find this sector interesting because it is possible to earn 6-8 per cent on senior debt and as much as 15 per cent in a diverse portfolio of aircraft leased to the leading airlines in the US, Europe and Asia. The Middle East and Africa are 10 per cent of the global leased aircraft market even now. Emirates airlines has a lessee fleet of 122 aircraft, though global airlines like American, Air France KLM, IAG (British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia) boast three times as many leased aircraft. It is no coincidence that 60 per cent of passenger jets owned by lessors are narrow body aircraft that are more cost efficient to operators and can be rerouted easily compared to wide-body aircraft while also in great demand by Asia, Europe, GCC and Latin America's low-cost carriers. Budget airlines use fleet expansion to launch short- to mid-haul routes. This makes the narrow-bodied jet leasing segment a highly liquid, particular to the white hot regional budget airline operating in the Pacific Basin and even India. It is no coincidence that both General Electric GECAS and Air Capso dominate the global narrow body passenger jet leased fleet market. The age of a leased aircraft is critical as older aircraft have significant residual value and maintenance cost risks which can gut their credit rating in an economic slump even as borrowing costs in the capital markets spike higher, as the airline bankruptcies in the 2008 and 2009 global recession demonstrate. This is the reason Chinese bank lessors tend to prefer aircraft fleets whose age ranges between 3 and 5 years. I believe investing in aircraft lessors not airlines, is the optimal play on the secular growth in global air travel. It is imperative that aircraft lessors must own young narrow body fleets, have stable cash flows, and the lowest cost bank funding possible scale is mission critical because there are 160 aircraft lessors operating worldwide and only the biggest firms can diversify jet type, fleet age, lease duration and client concentration risk. Of course, EPS growth, rising operating margins, free cash flow, cheap valuations and high ROE are the holy grail for investors in the global aircraft leasing market. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Aviation Can UAE emerge as aircraft leasing hub? I was stunned to read a Boeing report that forecasts that the global... READ MORE Markets Central Europe and the GCC private investors Poland's stocks performed well in 2015-16, writes Matein Khalid READ MORE Local Business DMCC, Cropdata sign deal to promote commodities... The objective of the memorandum is to collaborate to enhance... READ MORE Local Business Insurance firm Cigna opens Mena office in DIFC The firm is expanding the reach of its health services and solutions... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Sharjah Landlord throws UAE family out, police offer... The family had to live in a car for 20 days. READ MORE ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Pakistan target revised to 289 runs in 41 overs Rohit Sharma scored 91 while Virat Kohli hammered 81 not out. READ MORE Europe More than 1,500 injured in panic after football... The crowd "'was taken by panic and by the psychosis of a terror... READ MORE Europe 12 arrested after London terror attack No details have been released about the suspects READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1114 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Europe Now travel passport-free between these countries 43157 views | 2 June 2017 General Missing Abu Dhabi boy found dead 21508 views | 2 June 2017 Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan takes a dig at death hoax 20308 views | 2 June 2017 India Video: Bihar Class XII topper arrested, result cancelled 19207 views | 2 June 2017 Technology New iPhone 8 leaks reveal large display, rear Touch ID 13719 views | 3 June 2017 Dubai Look! Dubai has planted a 'forest' under a flyover 12922 views | 3 June 2017 Crime UAE woman embezzles Dh11 million from workplace, spends on 'fiance' 12826 views | 3 June 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 India vs Pak: Why Indians want to boycott the match 12371 views | 4 June 2017 International Dubai-sized iceberg on verge of split from Antarctic shelf 11006 views | 3 June 2017 Economy More than 52,000 private sector firms slapped with fines 10457 views | 3 June 2017 Bollywood Fire on the set of Sanjay Dutt's film 'Bhoomi' 10210 views | 3 June 2017 Dubai Fire breaks out in Dubai residential building 10072 views | 4 June 2017 Legal View Working extra hours in UAE? You must be paid for it 9623 views | 1 January 2017 Sharjah Landlord throws UAE family out, police offer hotel stay 9234 views | 4 June 2017 Aviation Video: Emirates cleans A380 without using water 8187 views | 4 June 2017 Abu Dhabi Panic as owner of UAE-based money exchange absconds 148 votes | 29 May 2017 Nation 30 intelligent radars installed in Sharjah 104 votes | 30 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 86 votes | 29 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 86 votes | 28 May 2017 Bollywood Video: Bollywood beauty Sunny Leone's plane almost crashes 68 votes | 31 May 2017 Bollywood 'Pakeezah' actress abandoned in hospital 65 votes | 29 May 2017 Africa 23-year-old man gang raped for days by three women 63 votes | 30 May 2017 Abu Dhabi A 500-year-old Quran in golden letters 60 votes | 29 May 2017 Ras Al Khaimah Man dies after car falls off cliff in Ras Al Khaimah 56 votes | 1 June 2017 In The City 13 exciting things to do in UAE this weekend 51 votes | 1 June 2017 Europe Now travel passport-free between these countries 45 votes | 2 June 2017 Nation Here's how VAT will affect your household financially 45 votes | 28 May 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE police car overturns after speeding vehicle rams into it 45 votes | 1 June 2017 International Video: Newborn baby walks immediately after birth, becomes internet sensation 44 votes | 29 May 2017 General Customers move court as money exchange shuts 42 votes | 30 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 2017 Investor's Guide to the Top 10 Fighter Jets in the World Only a handful of companies make fighter jets -- and fewer still are worth investing in. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jun 4, 2017 at 10:13AM In the 21st century, there are fighter jets, and then there are fighter jets. Which kind you get depends on how much you want to pay. Image source: U.S. Air Force. Got hundreds of millions of dollars to toss around? Then like the U.S. government, you can hire Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) to design and build you an F-22 Raptor stealth fighter -- widely considered the most capable air-superiority combat jet in the world. (Of course, if you cut your production run short before efficiencies of scale kick in, the planes end up costing $412 million apiece.) The same $412 million could buy you a handful of Boeing's (NYSE:BA) perfectly serviceable fourth-generation F/A-18 or F-15 fighter jets, retailing for about $100 million a pop. Or alternatively, if you're buying on a budget, you might enjoy a nice Soviet-era Sukhoi Su-34 Fullback ($18 million). Prefer to "buy American"? Have you given Textron's (NYSE:TXT) new Scorpion a try? It's a steal at $17 million per plane. Depending on what each nation needs, various buyers pick various warplanes and various price points. But which are the most popular combinations today? Let's find out. 10. Northrop Grumman F-5 Tiger, $20 million to $25 million (estimated) Image source: U.S. Navy. Northrop Grumman's F-5 Tiger is no longer in production (hence the really old photo), and its numbers are fading fast. As recently as last year, FlightGlobal's World Air Forces 2017 report put the number of F-5s in service globally at 482. Today, that number has fallen to just 416, which is still enough to make up 3% of all fighters in operation around the world. 9. Chengdu J-7 Fishbed (only sold in China and no longer in production) Two Bangladeshi F-7BG Defenders, an export version of China's J-7 fighter, accompanying a U.S. Air Force C-130H Hercules. Image source: U.S. Air Force. Tied with the F-5 at 3% global market share is No. 9, the Chinese J-7 fighter jet. It's actually China's version of the old Soviet MiG-21, and is no longer produced. Still, all 418 "Fishbeds" cited in last year's survey remain in service today. 8. Chengdu F-7 Airguard, $2 million in 1984 (~$4.7 million in 2017 dollars) The same two F-7s, preparing for takeoff. Image source: U.S. Air Force. The export version of China's J-7 is dubbed F-7, and it's likewise a twin to Russia's MiG-21. The global population of F-7s declined by nine planes over the past 12 months, and now stands at 450 aircraft, giving the F-7 a 3% market share as well. 7. Sukhoi Su-25 Frogfoot, $11 million Image source: Sukhoi. Rounding out the list of fighter jets with roughly 3% global market shares is Sukhoi's Su-25 Frogfoot, Russia's answer to the tank-busting American A-10 Thunderbolt II "Warthog." With 511 units in service, however, there are nearly twice as many Frogfoots (Frogfeet?) flying around the globe as there are A-10s. 6. Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 Fishbed, $25,000 (used) Two Croatian MiG-21s (left) fly formation with a Navy F-14 Tomcat. Image source: U.S. Navy. The global population of operational MiG-21s continues to dwindle, falling 31% from 793 in 2013 to just 547 today. Pretty soon, these MiGs will be collector's items -- in fact, they may already be. It seems you can sometimes buy a used MiG-21 on eBay for about 25 grand. The MiG-21 still commands 4% market share globally, and if you include its "twins" -- the Chinese J-7s and F-7s -- there are 1,415 MiG-21 lookalikes in service today. Counted that way, this would be enough to make the MiG-21 the world's No. 2 most popular fighter jet. 5. Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-29 Fulcrum, $16 million Royal Malaysian Air Force MiG-29N (middle). Image source: U.S. Navy. Awhile back, we mentioned that a new variant of the MiG-29, dubbed the MiG-35D, was slated to enter service in 2016, giving a new lease on life -- and increased market share -- to the Moscow warbird. That's now happened, and the world's most advanced MiG has enjoyed a market share boost to 6% (829 planes) as a result. 4. Boeing F-15 Eagle, $100 million Image source: U.S. Air Force. Losing more and more international fighter jet competitions through a combination of high cost and low stealth, Boeing's F-15 is down, but not out. With 874 planes in service, the F-15 still retains a 6% market share. What's more, that share is expected to grow. Late last year, the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) notified Congress of a pending sale of 72 F-15QA fighter jets to Qatar -- the first such foreign sale noted in several years, and for a whopping $21.1 billion purchase price. (That works out to $292 million per plane, a far steeper price than other countries have been asked to pay.) 3. Sukhoi Su-27 Flanker, $62 million Image source: Sukhoi. Russia's Su-27 Flanker (and the more advanced Su-30 "Flanker-C" upgrade) remains Russia's most popular fighter jet -- and the third most popular fighter in the world. Globally, the Flanker and Flanker-C command 6% global market share, with 940 aircraft in service. 2. Boeing F-18 Hornet, $92 million Image source: U.S. Navy. Last-minute deals negotiated under the Obama Administration to sell advanced fighter jets to Persian Gulf allies have salvaged Boeing's fighter-jet business. Not only will Boeing get to keep building F-15s, but its powerful F/A-18 Super Hornet franchise also appears to have been revived. Simultaneously with the announcement of the F-15 sale to Qatar, DSCA announced a sale of 32 F/A-18E fighter jets and eight more advanced F/A-18F fighters to Kuwait for a total cost of $10.1 billion. With 1,071 F/A-18 fighters of various configurations in service, and a 7% worldwide market share already, Boeing's F/A-18 looks set to make up a larger proportion of world air forces in years to come. 1. Lockheed Martin F-16 Falcon, $34 million Image source: U.S. Air Force. And last (first?), but not least, for the fourth year running, Lockheed Martin's modestly priced F-16 Falcon tops the rankings in this year's edition of FlightGlobal's report. With 2,312 planes in active service, the F-16 remains the most popular fighter jet on the planet, making up 16% of the world's air forces. Theoretically, that could change as F-16s age out of service, and are gradually replaced by Lockheed Martin's newer (but more expensive) F-35 Lightning II stealth fighter jet. Then again, India is said to be in negotiations with Lockheed about a deal to produce hundreds of F-16s locally -- which could keep Lockheed Martin at the top of the rankings of the most popular fighter jets for years to come. Why investors care about fighter jets So why is this important to investors in the defense industry? It works like this: the more planes a company sells, the broader the base over which it can spread research and development costs, and the less it must charge per plane. The lower the cost, the cheaper the plane. And the cheaper the plane, the easier it is to sell more planes, growing market share further. Thus the effect snowballs. Now, Lockheed Martin has sold more than 4,500 F-16s around the world. That's not surprising, because it's one of the most cost-effective warplanes in our inventory, costing just $21,450 per flight hour. Half of these F-16s are still flying, and generating services, maintenance, and upgrades revenue for Lockheed -- and according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence, earning Lockheed's shareholders better than 10.5% operating profit margins. Additional F-16 sales to India would help keep that plane at the top of the rankings -- and generating profits -- until the F-35 is ready to take its place. In that regard, Lockheed appears to be making progress with the F-35. Recently, the U.S. Air Force inked a deal with Lockheed pricing new F-35A fighters at less than $95 million each. If it can keep driving prices down while ramping sales up, then one day soon, we should see the F-35 make its debut on this list -- perhaps not next year, but soon. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends eBay. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Jun 4, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $187.87 down $0.23 (-0.12%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $277.40 up $0.02 (0.01%) Textron NYSE:TXT $46.84 no change (0.00%) Read More Boeing Sues Canada. Is It Making a Huge Mistake? Lockheed Martin Earnings: Beware of Falling Margins President Trump's 2018 Budget: 3 Things Defense Investors Should Hate About It The 7 Priciest Military Planes Made in the USA Lockheed Martin Green-Lighted to Produce New Helicopter for the Marines Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 2017 Investor's Guide to the Top 10 Fighter Jets in the World @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT, $TXT
Thursday 8 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 18:17 / GMT - 13:47 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories World http://fna.ir/PW5TZ5 Sun Jun 04, 2017 3:21 Saudi Arms Deal to Generate $28 bln for Lockheed, $50 bln for Boeing Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Reports said the US weapons manufacturers Lockheed Martin and Boeing seem to be some of the biggest winners of the $110 billion arms deal US President Donald Trump signed with Saudi Arabia, with Lockheed expecting to make $28 billion and $50 billion for Boeing. Boeing expects to get about a half of the pie, with their gain being estimated about $50 billion. It is known that this figure includes both military and commercial sales, but the company did not disclose what exactly it is going to sell, RIA Novosti reported. Boeing will also establish a joint venture with Saudi Arabia to provide "sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms," the company said in a statement, according to the Business Insider. It added that a separate joint venture would "provide support for both military and commercial helicopters." The other weapon maker, Lockheed Martin, expects to make about $28 billion, with a massive batch of 150 Black Hawk helicopters. The company also sells the Saudis its Littoral Combat Ships (LCS), the ones that have a long and sad development history, as a replacement option instead of multimission warships the Saudis were looking for. Lockheed is also preparing to sell the THAAD missile defense system to Saudi Arabia, in a deal mediated by Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, who reportedly helped the deal by calling Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson and asking her to lower the price for the Saudis. The other beneficiaries are believed to be Raytheon, which seeks to sell $1 billion worth of Penetrator Warheads and Paveway laser-guided bombs, and General Dynamics, which is about to finalize its order of 115 M1A2 tanks. According to the Business Insider, "Saudi Arabia is seeking closer defense and commercial ties with the US under Trump, as it seeks to develop its economy beyond oil, and leads a coalition that is fighting a war in Yemen. "         LATEST STORIES (33) Qatar Says State News Agency First Hacked in April Study Reveals Institutionalized Racism, Sexism against US Black Women Israeli Army Detains Former Hunger Striker Muhammad Allan, 10 Other Palestinians Deadly Clashes Between Taliban, ISIL in Nangarhar Leave Several Dead Rights Group: Israel Detained 57 Palestinian Minors in May 10 ISIL Militants Killed in Latest Airstrikes in Nangarhar Province Moscow Urges CNN Host to Take Honest Interview with Aleppo Boy Kazakhstan: Next Astana Meeting on Syria Postponed Iraqi Forces Liberate Important Crossing into Syria Airstrike by Iraqi Army Jets Kill ISIL Leader in Hawija Zakharova: Humanitarian Situation in Syria Improving Iraqi Security Forces Thwart Suicide Attack on Civilians in Eastern Mosul Report: Iraqi Forces to Capture Last ISIL Hideout in Mosul WHO: Deaths of Cholera on Yemen Increase to At Least 681 Turkey Sending Troops to Qatar as Erdogan Slams Doha Isolation Qatar Says State News Agency First Hacked in April TEHRAN (FNA)- Qatari investigators said that a cyber attack which saw the publication of explosive 'fake news' last month that helped trigger a crisis with the country's neighbours was prepared in April. Study Reveals Institutionalized Racism, Sexism against US Black Women TEHRAN (FNA)- The US National Domestic Workers Alliance and Institute for Women's Policy Research released a report that shows 'institutionalized racism and sexism within the criminal justice system' as well as elsewhere in the country, and urged that the issues must be properly addressed. Israeli Army Detains Former Hunger Striker Muhammad Allan, 10 Other Palestinians TEHRAN (FNA)- Israeli forces detained at least 11 Palestinians between Wednesday and Thursday across the occupied Palestinian territory, Israeli and Palestinian sources said, including prominent former prisoner Muhammad Allan. Deadly Clashes Between Taliban, ISIL in Nangarhar Leave Several Dead TEHRAN (FNA)- Deadly clashes broke out between the Taliban insurgents and militants affiliated with the ISIL terrorist group, leaving several dead from both the sides. Rights Group: Israel Detained 57 Palestinian Minors in May TEHRAN (FNA)- Palestinian Committee of Prisoners’ Affairs said on Thursday that Israeli courts have imposed fines on dozens of Palestinian minors detained in Ofer prison worth a cumulative sum of 10,740 dollars during the month of May alone. 10 ISIL Militants Killed in Latest Airstrikes in Nangarhar Province TEHRAN (FNA)- At least ten militants affiliated with the ISIL terrorist group were killed in the latest airstrikes carried out in the eastern Nangarhar province. Moscow Urges CNN Host to Take Honest Interview with Aleppo Boy TEHRAN (FNA)- The Russian Foreign Ministry’s spokeswoman Maria Zakharova on Thursday invited CNN host Christiane Amanpour to visit Syria to make an honest interview with the Syrian boy from Aleppo known as the "symbol of Aleppo suffering." Kazakhstan: Next Astana Meeting on Syria Postponed TEHRAN (FNA)- Kazakh Foreign Ministry spokesman Anuar Zhainakov on Thursday announced that the new round of Astana talks on Syrian crisis that was scheduled for June 12-13 have been postponed to unspecified date. Iraqi Forces Liberate Important Crossing into Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces liberated the Safouk Border-Crossing into the Syrian province of Al-Hasakah, media reports said. Airstrike by Iraqi Army Jets Kill ISIL Leader in Hawija TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior ISIL leader was killed in an airstrike by Iraqi jet targeting the terror group in the city of Hawija, in Kirkuk Province, according to Diyala provincial council’s security committee. Zakharova: Humanitarian Situation in Syria Improving TEHRAN (FNA)- Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova stressed that the humanitarian situation in Syria is improving and that the Syrian Government continues to deliver the humanitarian aid among civilians in liberated areas. Iraqi Security Forces Thwart Suicide Attack on Civilians in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Ministry of Interior said that the country's security forces managed to foil a suicide attack against civilians in Eastern Mosul. Report: Iraqi Forces to Capture Last ISIL Hideout in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi local media outlets said Iraqi security forces are approaching the last hideout of ISIL terrorist group in war-battered strategic city of Mosul as the besieged militants execute innocent civilians. WHO: Deaths of Cholera on Yemen Increase to At Least 681 TEHRAN (FNA)- World Health Organization said the death toll from the spread of cholera in Yemen has risen to at least 681. Turkey Sending Troops to Qatar as Erdogan Slams Doha Isolation TEHRAN (FNA)- Reports said Turkey is set to deploying troops in Qatar after the country’s president voiced disapproval of the Saudi-led sanctions on the Arab country. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEI Pharma’s (MEIP) Buy Rating Reiterated at Cann Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” OceanaGold Co. (OGC) Director Diane Renee Garrett Sells 27,836 Shares Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine Nora Mary Everett Sells 8,700 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Stock Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Strong Sell Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) VP Henry W. Kilmer Sells 3,000 Shares Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 292 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) KB Financial Group (KB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds CMS Energy (CMS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Mistras Group (MG) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (BFR) Will Post Earnings of $0.41 Per Share Susquehanna Bancshares (SUSQ) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.34 Energizer Holdings (ENR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Xerox Corp (XRX) Shares Sold by Gagnon Securities LLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Brokerages Anticipate BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) to Post -$0.24 EPS Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. Has $603,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. held its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT.’s holdings in Boeing were worth $603,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its position in Boeing by 0.5% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 1,674 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $225,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Howe & Rusling Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,898 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $512,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the period. Vicus Capital raised its position in Boeing by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 1,382 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its position in Boeing by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,995 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $353,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the period. Finally, IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its position in Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 8,240 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $1,457,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (BA) opened at 190.23 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $191.70. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $183.27 and a 200-day moving average price of $169.96. The company has a market capitalization of $114.82 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.44 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The business had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.74 earnings per share. Boeing’s revenue was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th were issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.99%. Boeing’s payout ratio is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/glenview-state-bank-trust-dept-has-603000-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of research firms recently weighed in on BA. Canaccord Genuity increased their price target on Boeing from $162.00 to $170.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price target on Boeing from $138.00 to $146.00 and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. ValuEngine upgraded Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday. Cowen and Company increased their price target on Boeing from $185.00 to $195.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $200.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $167.52. In related news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 7,986 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.78, for a total value of $1,467,667.08. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 39,251 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,213,548.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138 in the last quarter. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEI Pharma’s (MEIP) Buy Rating Reiterated at Cann Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” OceanaGold Co. (OGC) Director Diane Renee Garrett Sells 27,836 Shares Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine Nora Mary Everett Sells 8,700 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Stock Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Strong Sell Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) VP Henry W. Kilmer Sells 3,000 Shares Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 292 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) KB Financial Group (KB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds CMS Energy (CMS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Mistras Group (MG) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (BFR) Will Post Earnings of $0.41 Per Share Susquehanna Bancshares (SUSQ) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.34 Energizer Holdings (ENR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Xerox Corp (XRX) Shares Sold by Gagnon Securities LLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Brokerages Anticipate BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) to Post -$0.24 EPS Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc Janney Capital Management LLC Has $503,000 Position in Boeing Co (BA) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Janney Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 2.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,848 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 59 shares during the period. Janney Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $503,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC raised its stake in Boeing by 7.9% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 220,156 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $38,937,000 after buying an additional 16,106 shares during the period. Crossvault Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Boeing by 5.5% in the first quarter. Crossvault Capital Management LLC now owns 32,285 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $5,710,000 after buying an additional 1,670 shares during the period. Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Boeing during the first quarter worth about $309,000. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management raised its stake in Boeing by 57.4% in the first quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management now owns 11,395 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $2,015,000 after buying an additional 4,154 shares during the period. Finally, Sawgrass Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Boeing during the first quarter worth about $343,000. 74.66% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 190.23 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $191.70. The company has a market cap of $114.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.44 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $183.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $169.96. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.74 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th were paid a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.99%. Boeing’s payout ratio is presently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/janney-capital-management-llc-has-503000-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. ValuEngine raised Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday. Barclays PLC raised their target price on Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Vetr raised Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, May 18th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $215.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on Boeing from $205.00 to $210.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In related news, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,169,858.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Digital Trends Home > Cars > Inside the Lamborghini lab that’s… Inside the Lamborghini lab that’s reinventing carbon fiber By Ronan Glon — Updated June 2, 2017 3:52 pm Subscribe Share It’s easy to draw parallels between a Lamborghini and an airplane. Both boast a wind-cheating design, both are incredibly quick, and both are coveted by the rich and the famous. The fighter jet-style start switch on the center console of the brand’s most recent models adds substance to the comparison, as do the toggle switches on the dashboard. But, the similarities are more than skin-deep. Like airplane and helicopter manufacturers, Lamborghini relies heavily on advanced composite materials such as carbon fiber to make its cars as light as possible. Some of the technology – and the way it’s applied during the development process – comes straight from the world of aerospace. Lamborghini handles every step of the production process in-house; its engineers call this a building block approach. To find out how it’s done, we flew to the company’s headquarters in Sant’Agata Bolognese, Italy, put on a uniform, and spent a day shadowing workers. The Seattle connection Lamborghini began dabbling in carbon fiber in 1982. At the time, its cars were largely built using various types of sheet metal, and the composites department was just a tiny fragment of the brand’s research and development effort. Lamborghini’s composites department built an experimental Countach prototype with a full carbon fiber monocoque a year after it was founded. By chance, some of the engineers who founded the department were Italians that had previously worked for Boeing in Seattle, Washington. They diligently applied the lessons learned while developing the 767 airliner to the world of high-end, high-performance cars. The team was made up of just five people, yet it managed to build an experimental, fully-functional Countach prototype with a full carbon fiber monocoque only a year after the department was founded. The composites department grew in size during the 1980s and the 1990s after executives accurately predicted carbon fiber was the future of supercars. By 1998, all of the Diablo GT’s exterior body panels were made from the lightweight material. In 2011, the Aventador debuted an ultra-light carbon fiber body. Going straight to the source As we step inside the carbon fiber development center, we’re greeted not by a technician with oil-stained hands but by a researcher in a black lab coat. The first step of the process is to test samples (called coupons) to learn how various types of carbon fiber withstand pressure. The small, rectangular coupons are bent until they snap, crushed by hundreds of pounds, and subjected to extreme temperatures on both ends of the thermometer. They’re examined under a powerful microscope to identify even the tiniest imperfections that can later cause much bigger issues. Nothing is left to chance in the research lab. The valuable data gathered during these tests is used to manufacture elements, assemblies, components, and, ultimately, a full car. Attilio Masini, Lamborghini’s head of materials technology and manufacturing engineering, tells us this bottom-up approach came directly from Boeing. He explains it’s extremely important for Lamborghini to have full control over the entire production process. No step is outsourced, but engineers and researchers frequently exchange ideas with Boeing and the University of Washington.  The collaboration gives Lamborghini access to advanced software that allows it to calculate how a specific carbon fiber component will fare in an accident without needing to stuff an expensive prototype into a wall. Rolls of carbon fiber are stored in a massive walk-in freezer reminiscent of the cold room you’d find in a butcher’s shop. Members of the R&D department can tell ahead of time which parts of, say, an Aventador body will absorb impact. This greatly reduces the time it takes to get a car certified for road use. From the freezer to the oven Production of carbon fiber components takes place deep inside the growing Lamborghini complex. It’s not what you imagine when you think of a car factory. It’s well lit, the floors are clean enough to eat off of, and the entire process is done by hand so the facility is almost as quiet as a library. To experience the process first hand, we’re instructed to make a small part with ridges and grooves that R&D cuts up and uses for various tests. Having never played with carbon fiber before, we were surprised by how much time it takes to churn out a relatively simple part. Rolls of carbon fiber are stored in a massive walk-in freezer reminiscent of the cold room you’d find in a butcher’s shop. Once they’ve thawed, they’re cut to shape with a knife, because using a laser would create too much heat. With four small sheets of the material in hand, we set out to make our first part. The sheets must be carefully placed in a mold one layer at a time, and pressed down using a plastic tool to ensure a tight fit. The mold is placed in a vacuum bag to remove the air that gets trapped in between the layers. It sounds relatively simple when you read about it, but making the wave-shaped part took us about 45 minutes. It’s then baked in a large oven for about six hours. Carbon fiber parts need to look good, and they also need to be durable; craftsmanship is the name of the game in Sant’Agata. Consequently, the process of manufacturing even a basic component like a piece of trim is highly meticulous. Lamborghini explains it takes roughly a year before new workers are allowed to make carbon fiber parts on their own. While our part hardens, we head over to a different part of the factory to learn about what insiders proudly refer to as carbon fiber 2.0. The carbon fiber of the future Not one to rest on its laurels, Lamborghini has developed a brand-new type of carbon fiber named Forged Composites. The name might not sound familiar, but you’ve seen it before if you’ve been keeping up with Lamborghini news. It’s that cool, high tech-looking material prominently featured on the Sesto Elemento and, more recently, on the Huracán Performante. It was designed in-house, and the company’s brightest minds agree it’s the carbon fiber of the future. Designers love working with Forged Composites because it gives parts a unique look, and it can be shaped in ways that regular carbon fiber can’t. On paper, Forged Composites is similar to the carbon fiber we’ve gotten used to seeing in cars. Rolls of it are stored in a freezer until they need to be turned into parts. They’re also cut with a knife, and carefully placed in a mold layer by layer. However, the other tasks are entirely automated. Again, we’re instructed to make a small, wavy part used by members of the R&D staff for testing. This time, there is no need to poke, nudge, or force the material into a mold; a vertical press handles that part of the process with a single powerful strike. And, instead of sitting in an oven for hours, for fifteen minutes the part is placed in a purpose-built machine that heats it up to 275 degrees Fahrenheit while applying over 1,100 PSI of pressure. Right now, Forged Composites is used to make components like spoilers, bumpers, interior trim parts, and shift paddles. It will gradually replace carbon fiber on the assembly line, meaning it’s not too far-fetched to imagine one day Lamborghini will make a full monocoque out of Forged Composites. When it reaches that point, the brand will be able to increase production of its super sports cars as it sees fit. Ronan Glon/Digital Trends “Forged Composites provides the right balance between weight reduction, performance, and safety in our super sports cars,” Masini told us. Lamborghini designers love working with Forged Composites because it gives parts a unique look, and it can be shaped in ways that regular carbon fiber can’t. Engineers praise the material because it’s highly resistant to damage, and it’s easy to drill or trim. That’s why everyone at the factory refers to it as carbon fiber 2.0, and we’re going to be seeing much more of it in the coming years.
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Commercial Crew Vehicles May Fall Short of Safety Threshold By Jeff Foust, SpaceNews Writer | June 5, 2017 05:25pm ET MORE While both SpaceX and Boeing are making progress with their Dragon v2 (left) and CST-100 Starliner spacecraft in terms of improving their safety, both are facing challenges to meet a specific safety threshold in their contracts. Credit: SpaceX artist's concept and Boeing WASHINGTON — The two companies developing commercial crew vehicles for NASA may not be able to meet a safety threshold specified in their contracts, an agency safety panel found. At a meeting May 25 of the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, members said Boeing and SpaceX were making good progress in improving the safety of their vehicles in advance of test flights scheduled to begin within the next year, but have yet to achieve a key requirement in their Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) contracts. That requirement is known as loss of crew (LOC), a measure of the probability of death or permanent disability of one or more people on a spacecraft during a mission. The CCtCap contracts included a requirement that the spacecraft have a LOC of 1 in 270 or better. The shuttle program, by comparison, had a LOC of 1 in 90 at the time of the program's retirement in 2011. "The number one safety-related concern for the program is the current situation with respect to the estimate of loss of crew," Donald McErlean, a former engineering fellow at L-3 Communications and a member of the panel, said at the meeting. "The threshold values were considered to be challenging, and both contractors currently have a challenge to meet that precise number." McErlean didn't identify specific issues the companies were facing in their efforts to meet that LOC threshold. One factor, though, he said, is how the companies and NASA calculate the risk to the spacecraft from orbital debris and micrometeoroids while in orbit. "The numbers themselves depend very heavily on the model of orbital debris that one utilizes to develop the risk to the system," he said. "That is a driving factor in determining the potential for loss of crew." Those models, he said, "have been validated to some degree, but they are not perfect." That assessment matches a February report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office, which also warned that the companies could face problems reaching that LOC requirement. It cited the orbital debris and micrometeoroid environment of low Earth orbit as one of the main safety risks for the program. If either or both companies can't meet the LOC requirement with the spacecraft, NASA may have to issue waivers for that requirement. "That remains a risk to the program that will have to be addressed, in all likelihood, by a risk acceptance waiver," McErlean said. "It may be necessary to do a formal risk acceptance of the variance from the stipulated goal," he said later in the meeting. "We would remind NASA that that risk acceptance, including a complete presentation of the alternatives and the consequences, should be made formally, and that risk acceptance signed off by appropriate authorities." Despite the concern about the potential risk of not meeting the LOC requirement, McErlean praised the companies for working to improve the safety of their vehicles, in part because of the motivation to try and reach that safety threshold placed in the CCtCap contract. "We are very pleased to report that those requirements did drive systemic behavior on the part of both contractors," he said. "They have expended considerable time and energy in making their systems considerably safer than they might have been without such an incentive, and they have achieved considerable progress from the first time the estimates were made." He also warned against placing too much emphasis on the LOC metric alone. "One has to be judicious in how one applies these statistical estimates," he said. "One has to look at whether or not the contractors have expended the necessary effort and engineering activity to make the system as safe as they conceivably can and still perform the mission." He added that he was "very positive" both companies were doing so. "There was no known or indicated area where with, by spending even a small amount of money, the contractor could have made their systems considerably safer." Bill Gerstenmaier, NASA associate administrator for human exploration and operations, has also warned against focusing too much on the LOC statistic alone in weighing risks of flying crewed spacecraft. "Blindly striving to achieve a statistical loss of crew number may drive you to design a system that is less safe," he said in a February speech at a Federal Aviation Administration commercial space transportation conference here. That sounded counterintuitive, he acknowledged, but noted measures that can, on paper, reduce the LOC figure, like the addition of redundant systems, can increase a vehicle's complexity and result in unforeseen failure modes. The use of LOC is good when comparing the relative safety of different designs in the same model. "But it's not a very good tool for determining absolute risk," Gerstenmaier. "That really misleads, sometimes, our overall design decisions." "I really don't have a better method than to use this as a absolute measure of safety," he said of LOC. "We just need to be careful when we discuss these numbers." This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Read SpaceNews for the Latest Space Industry News Atlas V Rocket Ride For Boeing Starliner - ULA Progress Update | Video SpaceX Crew Dragon Parachutes Tested Successfully | Video Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Watch Live! Now: 2017 Astronaut Class Interviews, Later: NASA Budget Hearing Total Solar Eclipse 2017: When, Where and How to See It (Safely) Total Solar Eclipse Complete Coverage A 'Feel-Good Moment for Science': Volunteers Spot the Sun's Newest Neighbor Don't Let an Old Myth Prevent Your Child from Seeing the Solar Eclipse HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cyber Weapons Technologies Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Cyber Weapons Technologies Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Database PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Industry Latest Report on Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study This report studies the global Cyber Weapons Technologies market, analyzes and researches the Cyber Weapons Technologies development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like BAE Systems Boeing General Dynamics Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman EADS Group Immunity Inc. Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) Vupen Security AVG Technologies Avast Software Bull Guard Ltd. F Secure Labs Kaspersky Lab Symantec Corporation Trend Micro Mandiant Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1341036-global-cyber-weapons-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Cyber Weapons Technologies can be split into Offensive Cyber Weapons Defensive Cyber Weapons Offensive and Defensive Cyber Weapons Market segment by Application, Cyber Weapons Technologies can be split into Defense Homeland Security Others For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1341036-global-cyber-weapons-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Cyber Weapons Technologies 1.1 Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Overview 1.1.1 Cyber Weapons Technologies Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Cyber Weapons Technologies Market by Type 1.3.1 Offensive Cyber Weapons 1.3.2 Defensive Cyber Weapons 1.3.3 Offensive and Defensive Cyber Weapons 1.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Defense 1.4.2 Homeland Security 1.4.3 Others 2 Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 BAE Systems 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Boeing 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 General Dynamics 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Lockheed Martin 3.4.1 Company Profile If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1341036-global-cyber-weapons-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Northrop Grumman 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 EADS Group 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Immunity Inc. 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Vupen Security 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 AVG Technologies 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Cyber Weapons Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Avast Software 3.12 Bull Guard Ltd. 3.13 F Secure Labs 3.14 Kaspersky Lab 3.15 Symantec Corporation 3.16 Trend Micro 3.17 Mandiant 4 Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Cyber Weapons Technologies Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Cyber Weapons Technologies in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Cyber Weapons Technologies Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Census Bureau: Supplemental E-Commerce Table Now Available Next PostNext Agricultural Enzymes Market is projected to reach USD 474.7 million by 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Wall Street slightly lower as fall in oil weighs Business Standard Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources Reuters  |  CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI  June 5, 2017 Last Updated at 19:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWQjlh ALSO READ Jet Airways to introduce service on Mangaluru-New Delhi route Jet Airways shareholders clear appt of 3 independent directors Jet Airways aircraft spins out of control, 15 hurt Former SC advocate's mother alleges harassment by Jet Airways By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (http://bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Jet | Airways | Aircraft | Jet Airways | New Delhi | Delhi | India | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (http://bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (http://bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 05 10 PM IST Jet Airways said to be in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets Jet Airways could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024 Subscribe to our newsletter. Bloomberg Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC owns a 24% stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint London: Jet Airways India Ltd., the country’s biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 50 narrow-body jets on top of a pending order for Boeing Co. 737 Max aircraft, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said. The most likely model the airline is considering is the 737 Max, though it is also looking at Airbus SE’s A321neo jets as well as the 737 Max 10, a stretched version Boeing may introduce in Paris this month, the person said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are confidential. Jet Airways could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024, the person said. The order may be worth at least $5.6 billion. Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won’t comment on speculation, a spokesman said in an email. A representative for Boeing said in an email that the planemaker is in constant communications with airlines in India about their needs but doesn’t discuss specific conversations publicly. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares of the carrier jumped as much as 3.2% and traded at Rs500.30 as of 3:29 pm in Mumbai on Monday. Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC (Public Joint Stock Company) owns a 24% stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India, one of the world’s fastest-growing aviation markets, where carriers offer cut-throat, below-cost fares to attract passengers. The Indian carrier made its first annual profit in seven years in the 12 months ended March 2016, mainly due to a drop in oil prices—the biggest cost for an airline. Airlines in Asia are ordering hundreds of new planes to meet surging demand as an emerging middle class spends more of its disposable income on air travel. In India, market leader IndiGo has ordered 430 A320neo jets and is in talks to buy 50 ATR turboprop aircraft, while budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd. has ordered as many as 205 Boeing jets. Pending Order The 737 Max is the fastest selling aircraft in Boeing’s history, with 3,700 orders from 87 customers from around the world, according to the Chicago-based company’s website. In 2015, Boeing said Jet Airways had an order for 75 Max 8 variants due for delivery starting 2018. The current list price of the Max 8 is $112.4 million before customary discounts for large orders. Jet Airways, which has 10 Boeing 787s on order, is also in talks with the planemaker to defer deliveries of the Dreamliners by two to three years, as the airline can use its existing relatively new 777 jets for a few more years, the person said. The carrier disclosed the 787 order in 2007 and has repeatedly delayed taking deliveries of the aircraft since 2011. In about three years, Jet’s A330s will exit its fleet, the person said. Bloomberg Topics: Jet Airways aircraft order single aisle jets narrrow body jets Etihad Airways More From Livemint READ MORE Arun Jaitley seeks support from MPs, MLAs to create GST awareness Hyderabad to Pochampally: The Ikat getaway Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized First Published: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 05 10 PM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Latest News Dow 21,163 -10.88 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,288 -9.85 -0.16% S&P 500 2,431 -2.52 -0.10% 9:53 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release FEAM Is Selected To Provide 787 Dreamliner Line Maintenance Support at Denver International Airport and Seattle International Airport Under Boeing GoldCare Agreement Amendment By Published: June 5, 2017 5:00 a.m. ET Share MIAMI, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FEAM Maintenance / Engineering today announces that it will expand its GoldCare agreement with The Boeing Company to provide Full Handling Line Maintenance Support to GoldCare customers at Seattle International Airport and Denver International Airport. The GoldCare agreement will now call for FEAM's support at a total of five line maintenance locations and adds the 787 Dreamliner along with the 737 MAX. FEAM Technicians recently concluded Boeing led 737 MAX systems training and is in the final stages of opening three new GoldCare line maintenance bases in the New England area. FEAM currently has a substantial presence at both DEN and SEA providing comprehensive line maintenance services up to A- Check level support to over 10 International and Domestic Airline Operators. FEAM will provide its GoldCare MRO services at DEN and SEA under its EASA 145 rating approval. "We are very fortunate to be able to continue to grow our relationship with Boeing through the GoldCare program," said Dan Allawat, COO, FEAM Maintenance / Engineering. "To be a partner in Boeing's growing aftermarket services sector positions FEAM to be at the forefront of the latest technologically advanced aircraft, systems, and business processes, thus further enhancing FEAM's capabilities for existing and new customers." More about FEAM: F&E Aircraft Maintenance (FEAM) founded in 1992, is an MRO (Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul) company providing aircraft line maintenance services to major domestic and international air carriers flying transport category aircraft. FEAM employs over 650 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians/ Line Maintenance Engineers (LME) throughout the company's network of 27 domestic line stations. FEAM, a FAA 145 Repair Station, holds numerous certifications from global aviation regulatory authorities including being the 1 [st] U.S. based MRO to receive Japanese Civil Aeronautics Board (JCAB) line maintenance approval. Learn more at www.feam.aero Contact: Scott Diaz Director of Business Development- Americas sdiaz@feaircraft.com    Peter Kuan Director of International Business Development pkuan@feaircraft.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feam-is-selected-to-provide-787-dreamliner-line-maintenance-support-at-denver-international-airport-and-seattle-international-airport-under-boeing-goldcare-agreement-amendment-300468358.html SOURCE F&E Aircraft Maintenance Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type, Part, End Use,Growth Opportunity,Region 2017 to 2021 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Database PUNE, INDIA, June 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market global aerospace and defense C-Class parts market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace and Defense C-Class Parts Market: Highlights Aerospace and defense C-class parts market includes low cost and high volume commodity parts such as fasteners and bearing parts. It is sometimes called as Pan Stock. C-class aerospace parts are segmented into four major heads which are hardware parts, bearing parts, electronic components and machined parts for both commercial and military aircraft. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 Fasteners are major components in the aerospace and defense C-Class parts market which fall under the hardware segment. Bearing parts include mainly control bearings, ball bearings, and roller bearings. Electronic components include mainly connectors, relays, switches, circuit breakers, and lighted products. Machined parts include mainly brackets, milled parts, shims, stampings, and tuned parts. Changing dynamics in the global aerospace and defense industry have an impact on the C-Class parts market. For instance, major OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus are incorporating high amount of composite materials in their next generation aircraft. Composites rich aircraft generally require the use of significantly fewer C-class parts than aircraft made of traditional non-composite materials. The parts used in next generation aircraft are generally priced higher than C class aerospace parts used in non-composite aircraft structures. The global aerospace & defense C-class parts market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, technology advancement, and growing aerospace and defense fleet size are the key drivers in the global aerospace & defense C-class parts market. Hardware parts are expected to remain dominant in the global aerospace & defense c-class parts markets in the next five years, mainly driven by the demand of fasteners and bolts. North America is expected to remain the leading region in the aerospace & defense c-class parts market since it is the manufacturing hub of the major tier players and aerospace & defense OEMs. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557581 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, c-class part manufacturers, distributors, tier players, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The key distributors are Wesco Aircraft, Kellstrom industries, and Aviall Services. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, ATR, Lockheed Martin, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key aerospace & defense C-class part manufacturers are Precision Casts Parts, Alcoa Global Fasteners, B E Aerospace, Eaton Corporation, Monogram Aerospace Fasteners, Amphenol Corporation, and Vought Aircraft Industries (Part of Triumph Group). New product development, collaboration with tier players and OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology This report offers high quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 2,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 15 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: • Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis • Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis • Market trend and forecast analysis • Market segment trend and forecast • Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. • Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities • Emerging trends • Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players • Key success factors For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 The global aerospace & defense C-Class parts market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type: • Commercial Aircraft • Regional Aircraft • General Aviation • Helicopter • Military Aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Parts Type: • Hardware Parts • Bearing Parts • Electronic Components • Machined Parts Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Sales Channel • Direct Sales • Distributors • Parts Brokers Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by End Use • OEM • Aftermarket Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Region • North America • Europe • Asia – Pacific • Rest of the World For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: • Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type • Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace & Defense C-Class parts market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico • Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Energy Trading & Risk Management (ETRM) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext International Branding Agency Lambie-Nairn Creates Best-in-Class Brand Identities for Global Organisations Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type, Part, End Use,Growth Opportunity,Region 2017 to 2021 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Database PUNE, INDIA, June 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market global aerospace and defense C-Class parts market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace and Defense C-Class Parts Market: Highlights Aerospace and defense C-class parts market includes low cost and high volume commodity parts such as fasteners and bearing parts. It is sometimes called as Pan Stock. C-class aerospace parts are segmented into four major heads which are hardware parts, bearing parts, electronic components and machined parts for both commercial and military aircraft. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 Fasteners are major components in the aerospace and defense C-Class parts market which fall under the hardware segment. Bearing parts include mainly control bearings, ball bearings, and roller bearings. Electronic components include mainly connectors, relays, switches, circuit breakers, and lighted products. Machined parts include mainly brackets, milled parts, shims, stampings, and tuned parts. Changing dynamics in the global aerospace and defense industry have an impact on the C-Class parts market. For instance, major OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus are incorporating high amount of composite materials in their next generation aircraft. Composites rich aircraft generally require the use of significantly fewer C-class parts than aircraft made of traditional non-composite materials. The parts used in next generation aircraft are generally priced higher than C class aerospace parts used in non-composite aircraft structures. The global aerospace & defense C-class parts market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, technology advancement, and growing aerospace and defense fleet size are the key drivers in the global aerospace & defense C-class parts market. Hardware parts are expected to remain dominant in the global aerospace & defense c-class parts markets in the next five years, mainly driven by the demand of fasteners and bolts. North America is expected to remain the leading region in the aerospace & defense c-class parts market since it is the manufacturing hub of the major tier players and aerospace & defense OEMs. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557581 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, c-class part manufacturers, distributors, tier players, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The key distributors are Wesco Aircraft, Kellstrom industries, and Aviall Services. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, ATR, Lockheed Martin, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key aerospace & defense C-class part manufacturers are Precision Casts Parts, Alcoa Global Fasteners, B E Aerospace, Eaton Corporation, Monogram Aerospace Fasteners, Amphenol Corporation, and Vought Aircraft Industries (Part of Triumph Group). New product development, collaboration with tier players and OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology This report offers high quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 2,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 15 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: • Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis • Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis • Market trend and forecast analysis • Market segment trend and forecast • Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. • Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities • Emerging trends • Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players • Key success factors For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 The global aerospace & defense C-Class parts market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type: • Commercial Aircraft • Regional Aircraft • General Aviation • Helicopter • Military Aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Parts Type: • Hardware Parts • Bearing Parts • Electronic Components • Machined Parts Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Sales Channel • Direct Sales • Distributors • Parts Brokers Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by End Use • OEM • Aftermarket Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Region • North America • Europe • Asia – Pacific • Rest of the World For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: • Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type • Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace & Defense C-Class parts market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico • Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Energy Trading & Risk Management (ETRM) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext International Branding Agency Lambie-Nairn Creates Best-in-Class Brand Identities for Global Organisations Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type, Part, End Use,Growth Opportunity,Region 2017 to 2021 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Database PUNE, INDIA, June 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market global aerospace and defense C-Class parts market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace and Defense C-Class Parts Market: Highlights Aerospace and defense C-class parts market includes low cost and high volume commodity parts such as fasteners and bearing parts. It is sometimes called as Pan Stock. C-class aerospace parts are segmented into four major heads which are hardware parts, bearing parts, electronic components and machined parts for both commercial and military aircraft. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 Fasteners are major components in the aerospace and defense C-Class parts market which fall under the hardware segment. Bearing parts include mainly control bearings, ball bearings, and roller bearings. Electronic components include mainly connectors, relays, switches, circuit breakers, and lighted products. Machined parts include mainly brackets, milled parts, shims, stampings, and tuned parts. Changing dynamics in the global aerospace and defense industry have an impact on the C-Class parts market. For instance, major OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus are incorporating high amount of composite materials in their next generation aircraft. Composites rich aircraft generally require the use of significantly fewer C-class parts than aircraft made of traditional non-composite materials. The parts used in next generation aircraft are generally priced higher than C class aerospace parts used in non-composite aircraft structures. The global aerospace & defense C-class parts market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, technology advancement, and growing aerospace and defense fleet size are the key drivers in the global aerospace & defense C-class parts market. Hardware parts are expected to remain dominant in the global aerospace & defense c-class parts markets in the next five years, mainly driven by the demand of fasteners and bolts. North America is expected to remain the leading region in the aerospace & defense c-class parts market since it is the manufacturing hub of the major tier players and aerospace & defense OEMs. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557581 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, c-class part manufacturers, distributors, tier players, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The key distributors are Wesco Aircraft, Kellstrom industries, and Aviall Services. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, ATR, Lockheed Martin, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key aerospace & defense C-class part manufacturers are Precision Casts Parts, Alcoa Global Fasteners, B E Aerospace, Eaton Corporation, Monogram Aerospace Fasteners, Amphenol Corporation, and Vought Aircraft Industries (Part of Triumph Group). New product development, collaboration with tier players and OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology This report offers high quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 2,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 15 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: • Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis • Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis • Market trend and forecast analysis • Market segment trend and forecast • Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. • Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities • Emerging trends • Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players • Key success factors For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 The global aerospace & defense C-Class parts market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type: • Commercial Aircraft • Regional Aircraft • General Aviation • Helicopter • Military Aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Parts Type: • Hardware Parts • Bearing Parts • Electronic Components • Machined Parts Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Sales Channel • Direct Sales • Distributors • Parts Brokers Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by End Use • OEM • Aftermarket Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Region • North America • Europe • Asia – Pacific • Rest of the World For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: • Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type • Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace & Defense C-Class parts market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico • Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Energy Trading & Risk Management (ETRM) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext International Branding Agency Lambie-Nairn Creates Best-in-Class Brand Identities for Global Organisations Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Op-Ed: Lockheed Martin and Boeing will profit from Saudi arms deal Listen | Print By Ken Hanly     Jun 4, 2017 in Business Washington - Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Co. will reap billions from Saudi contracts subsequent to President Trump's announcement that the Saudis will buy up to $110 billion in American weapons. Speaking at a conference in New York last Wednesday, Marillyn Hewson CEO of Lockheed Martin Corp. said she could see the company gaining up to $28 billion in new business from the Saudis. Dennis Muilenbege CEO of Boeing Co. also hopes to profit from sales to the Saudis of more than $50 billion for both military and commercial sales. Often these deals involve long term maintenance and sustainment contracts that can run up to 30 years. Typically these contracts make up 70 percent of the total value of sales. Foreign weapons sales can often take a long time to negotiate and also a lengthy period before delivery. Congress has to be notified of the deal and this can often result in objections as is this case with this deal. Six House representatives consisting of both Republicans and Democrats have introduced a resolution of disapproval that would block the proposed sales of precision-guided munitions and other offensive weapons to the Saudis. Congress was notified of the proposed sales, as part of a larger arms deal with Saudi Arabia reportedly worth $110 billion, on May 19. Representative Amash a Republican from Michigan one of the sponsors of the bill said: “Saudi Arabia has one of the worst human rights records and has supported many of the extremists terrorizing the people of the Middle East and the world. These arms sales extend a reckless policy from the Obama administration and prior administrations, and they come at a time when the Saudi government is escalating a gruesome war in Yemen.” Mark Pocan a Democrat from Wisconsin also spoke for the bill: “President Trump’s proposed $110-billion weapons sale sends the wrong message to Saudi Arabia. In addition to regularly dropping U.S. bombs on Yemeni civilians, Saudi Arabia appears to have every intention of using the U.S. weapons from this sale to enforce a blockade on Yemen that prevents food and medicine from reaching millions of people on the brink of starvation.For months, my colleagues and I have been demanding answers to the most basic questions on the U.S. role in the disastrous war in Yemen and have been met with deafening silence from the White House. As we introduce a resolution of disapproval against this unprecedented weapons sale, we are concerned about U.S. complicity in the world’s largest humanitarian crisis now consuming Yemen. Our bipartisan group of lawmakers will be urging our colleagues to take seriously our constitutional duty to vigorously debate the merits of arming the Saudis even further.” I expect that the profits that the sales will bring to the likes of Boeing and Lockheed Martin will outweigh concerns about the use to which Saudi will put the weapons. Obama supported the Saudi sales ultimately and Trump will do so as well but with not the slightest complaints about their use by the Saudis. Senators Rand Paul a Republican from Kentucky and two Democrats including Al Franken from Minnesota have introduced identical legislation in the Senate too that in the House. Under the Arms Export Control Act of 1976 a senator is able to force a vote on arms sales. This cannot be done in the house. Even if the weapons deal passes Congress, contracts need to be drawn up between manufacturer and the country before manufacturing begins. Payment typically begins when a contract is signed with a future payment when the unit actually reaches an assembly line. There is a final payment when a unit is actually delivered followed by sustained payments. In 2013 the Saudis received permission to buy 25 C-130 planes some as tankers and some a cargo haulers. But so far just two have been bought with the remaining 23 probably failing under the new deal. The Lockheed CEO said that the Saudis are seeking four multi-mission warship. Lockheed is proposing they but a variant of its Littoral Combat Ship. Lockheed also agreed it would form a joint venture that would support the completion and finally assembly of 150 S-70 Black Hawk utility helicopters. CEO Hewson also said that Lockheed's THAAD and PAC-3 missile systems could be on the Saudis shopping list. The appended video lists other items. The U.K. also sells a substantial amount of weapons to the Saudis. A report on foreign financing of terrorism due to be released in the spring of 2016 has not yet been finished and apparently may never be made public due to its "sensitive" contents. It may be too sensitive for the U.K. government that recently approved 3.5 billion pounds worth of arms export licenses to Saudi Arabia. The report apparently focuses on the role of Saudi Arabia in financing terrorism. This opinion article was written by an independent writer. The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Lockheed martin, Boeing, US arms sales to Saudis More news from Lockheed martin Boeing US arms sales to Sau... Latest News Top News Child migrants risk lives to reach Europe from... Spain Hooray for... Kumawood! Ghana's fastest filmmakers Op-Ed: Libyan commander Haftar wages successful military campaign Fossils shaking up our understanding of human origins When IS group reign ends, who will rule Syria's Raqa? Iran says Tehran attackers had been to IS bastions Mosul, Raqa Soros's baby, Orban's enemy: the Central European University An increasingly isolated Trump joins the battle of his life Cuba drills for own oil as Venezuelan flow falters Lithuania warns Russian drill may mask troop build-up Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ג סיון תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Boeing Puts 737 Up Against Small Business Jets for $6.9B Defense Contract Boeing Puts 737 Up Against Small Business Jets for $6.9B Defense Contract Sunday, June 4, 2017 at 4:59 pm | י' סיון תשע"ז A conceptual rendering of the aircraft proposed by Northrop Grumman for the Pentagon’s JSTARS aircraft. (Northrop Grumman) SEATTLE (The Seattle Times/TNS) - For a vital aircraft that will fly above distant battlefields, the Air Force will choose between Goliath and two Davids. One is a jet originally designed to carry around 135 passengers, the two others built to carry fewer than 20 people. With a $6.9 billion deal on the line, a militarized version of Boeing’s 737 jet is going up against the Gulfstream G550 and the Bombardier Global 6000 high-end business jets for a special-mission contract to be awarded as early as this fall. The 17 JSTARS jets at issue will be stuffed with high-tech military radar and computer-analysis equipment. The planes are heavily used in combat zones for surveillance of ground forces and to target enemy positions. The current JSTARS fleet is now active in strikes on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Chicago-based Boeing, which has a big presence in the Seattle region, hopes a JSTARS win could incline the Air Force to choose the 737 to replace more than 100 different types of special-mission aircraft in its inventory, contracts that are lucrative far beyond the mere number of 737s involved. But the competition from Savannah, Ga.-based Gulfstream and Canada’s Bombardier is formidable. For special missions, air forces around the world are increasingly selecting business jets that fly higher, faster and further than airliners. The U.S. Air Force initially chose the Gulfstream for a separate electronic-jamming plane code-named Compass Call, although Boeing in May formally challenged that process. Fred Smith, director of global sales and marketing at Boeing Military Aircraft, dismisses the business jets as “a great solution for countries with smaller air forces and navies.” As for the U.S., he said, “for a bigger mission, you need a bigger airplane.” In a conference room inside Boeing’s former Space Center in Kent, Wash., now a hive of different defense programs, a reporter donned a virtual-reality visor to take a look at a mock-up of the jet maker’s 737 JSTARS contender. JSTARS stands for Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System. It’s a joint Air Force and Army system, revolving around a massive, long-range radar that monitors what’s happening on the ground in a battle zone. The virtual mock-up shows the radar hidden in a canoe-shaped bump about 20 feet long under the jet’s fuselage. Inside the virtual airplane, operators seated at 10 stations toward the rear of the aircraft monitored large computer screens, analyzing the radar data and communicating with U.S. forces. Aft of the stations, large metal cabinets housed the computer servers and other equipment. Forward of them was a robust printer and a “mission table,” with a tabletop computer display screen of the battle zone. At the front of the cabin, immediately behind the flight deck, was a crew rest area for long-endurance missions and extra seats. Then Smith showed off a Boeing marketing trick, designed to impress upon the Air Force why size matters. With a click of a button, an arc of light sliced through the virtual cabin, superimposing upon Boeing’s mock-up another cabin wall that cut off half the computer stations. “That’s the G550 fuselage,” Smith said. The Air Force plans to weigh the cost, risk and performance of the three proposals on offer and choose the JSTARS replacement by year end. If Boeing were to win, the necessary military modifications to the airframe would likely be done during final assembly on the Renton, Wash., production line — perhaps even on the same dedicated military line now churning out the P-8s. Where Boeing would then install the mission equipment, the radar and all the computers, is unclear. Still, for Renton, a Boeing JSTARS win would be significant and worth more than just 17 airplanes. It would indicate a high likelihood of further special-mission aircraft contracts later. First though, Goliath has to beat the Davids. Filed under: Boeing Print Email Gmail Related Passenger Jets Push Boeing’s Profit Up 18 Percent Commercial Jets Push Boeing Profits Up 52 Percent Iran Official: Boeing’s Iran Deal Covers 109 Jets Including 747s Boeing’s Long Game Includes Satellites, Space and, Yes, Fighter Jets Emergency Landing Grounds Boeing 787 Jets in Japan More in Business U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Higher in Morning Trading; Oil Slumps Investors in Asia Batten Down Ahead of U.K. Vote, Comey Testimony and ECB Retailers Lead Stocks to a Second Day of Modest Losses Business Briefs – June 6, 2017 Despite Trump Stumbles, Optimism of Top U.S. CEOs Hits Highest Level in Three Years OP-ED No Room for Conciliation The Smoking Scourge Is Making a Comeback To Die for Estonia? Moment & Momentum: Shavuos Reflections Driving Out Qatar Withdrawal From Paris Accord Was a Wise Decision Hearing Aids for Hunters The U.N. Human Rights Council Whitewashes Brutality The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules Features Because … Just Because This Day In History 13 Sivan/June 7 Silly Cereals Nichum Aveilim 13 Sivan/June 7 Sudoku – June 7, 2017 This Day In History 12 Sivan/June 6 The Odd Side – June 6, 2017 World of Wonder – June 6, 2017 Like a Shot Editorial Cartoon – June 6, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 12 Sivan/June 6 Sudoku – June 6, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part III) My Husband’s Anger Issues are Affecting Our Family Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,280.39 +5.3325 (+0.0850%) S&P 500 2,429.80 +0.47 (+0.02%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8879 GBP 0.7724 ILS 3.5428 CHF 0.9631 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Ex-soldiers on civvy street back at the controls for Army helicopter training Inzpire is helping train Apache helicopter pilots Alan Tovey 4 June 2017 • 6:11pm It takes years and costs millions of pounds to train someone to fly one of the Army’s Apache attack helicopters, nicknamed “Ugly” by British forces. With the defence budget under huge pressure, losing these expensive skills when people leave the military is not only costly, it means hard-won experience that could be handed down to newer pilots also goes. Inzpire, a company founded just over a decade ago by three ex-servicemen, has found a business opportunity in this problem. It takes older, veteran pilots who are leaving the forces and re-employs them as instructors on the Apache. Inzpire’s civilian pilots, focused at Middle Wallop airfield in Hampshire, home to the Army Air Corps, work with serving instructors to make students competent at operating the hugely complex Apache in all weathers, day or night. One of the more famous pilots to go through Middle Wallop is Prince Harry. Chris Raynes, helicopter services project lead at Inzpire, has logged 4,500 flight hours and completed tours in Libya and Afghanistan in the Apache while on active service. Prince Harry, known as Captain Wales in the British Army, flew Apaches during his deployment in Afghanistan But a young family meant he felt it was time for a change, and he left the forces almost five years ago. “We’re here to provide the real experience of flying the aircraft type,” he says. “Most people coming here are where we were 10 or 15 years ago. Our aim is to try to capture the experience that would otherwise be lost.” Jonny Priest, Inzpire’s head of helicopter services, adds: “Students want to be inspired by a guy who has flown thousands of hours and knows what it’s like. They want to hear what doing a dust landing in Afghanistan is like and how to handle it.” The arrangement require trust on both sides. The Army is effectively handing over to a civilian the responsibility of flying a multi-million pound helicopter to teach a student army pilot. At the same time, Inzpire has to know it has the full support of the forces to make the project attractive: the company’s instructors could earn more flying civilian helicopters if they chose to. Inzpire is keen to point out that it is working in partnership with the military and is not about to take over completely all flight training. “We could not and would not want to,” says Priest, a former RAF Chinook pilot who was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his involvement in the successful mission to rescue British soldiers kidnapped by rebels in Sierra Leone in 2000. The Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopter 01:35 Inzpire took over the contract to help teach Apache pilots in 2012. Over the five years the current deal is due to run, it expects to see about 90 students go through the system. The civilianisation of jobs and work that would have been carried out by serving personnel is not new. UK law means civilians cannot fight. But big defence contractors such as BAE, Babcock, Boeing and Lockheed Martin have been involved in training service staff and maintaining military equipment for decades. The concept received a push after the cost-cutting defence review of 2010 called “Whole Force”, which called for industry and reservists to fill the gaps caused by a shrinking defence budget. One of the consequences was more smaller companies pushing into the sector. Hugh Griffiths, chief executive of Inzpire and a former Tornado jets weapons instructor, welcomes the Government’s target of putting a third of its multi-billion spending on procurement through SMEs, up from the current level of 19pc. “The forces are thoroughly disenchanted with dealing with the big prime contractors, who aren’t delivering,” he says. “If our guys have to go live in a hole in the ground on Salisbury Plain with students on training operations, we’ll do that. We are offering flexibility, and making sure valuable experience isn’t lost.” Inzpire also provides software systems to the Ministry of Defence, but training is the bulk of its business. This does not only involve teaching students how to fly: the company provides pilots who control “virtual” aircraft in exercises, such as events where ground and air forces learn how to work together in complex and often confusing digital battlefields, and it also teaches mission planning. A Chinook Mk IV followed by an Apache flying over London as part of a fly past to commemorate the end of Britain's involvement in Afghanistan Budget cuts have forced the MoD to adapt to defence spending that is now just 2pc of GDP. “When I joined my first squadron in 1990, defence spending was close to 5pc of GDP,” Griffiths says. “There was lots of capacity and the military did everything.” Today, he says, “operational demand is up but capacity is down. Someone has to do it for them, and we were ‘them’ for 20 years, until we left.” While Inzpire is a very niche player compared to the defence giants (it has just over 100 staff, the bulk of them ex-forces, and generates annual revenues of about £10m) it does have hopes to expand. Griffiths says he cannot imagine the company growing beyond 300 staff, but it is positioning itself with much larger partners for a UK contract that could see privately owned fighter aircraft training against the RAF’s jets. There is great scope and reason for industry to take on more work from the military, according to Paul Everitt, chief executive of ADS, which represents Britain’s aerospace, defence and security sector. “Whole Force is about flexibility, allowing frontline staff to do frontline activity, with industry supporting them,” he says, though adding that there have been “good and bad examples of it”. Worries about liabilities mean smaller companies are put off from bidding for work in the first place, Everitt says, while others are deterred after developing a new technology or system for the military, only to see the contract re-awarded, taking their intellectual property with it. The military sees both benefits and problems from Whole Force. In a paper on the concept, the chief of the general staff, General Sir Nick Carter, said it can provide “access to a wider pool of personnel with specialist skills” and is “a viable method of acquiring specialists or surge capacity that we do not wish to maintain continuously”. However, he cautioned, industry does not maintain “spare capacity” that can be thrown at sudden requirements, adding: “despite the hype, non-regular solutions seldom represent better value for money”. One contract where the system is working well is maintaining the RAF’s fleet of Typhoon jets. BAE Systems and Leonardo (formerly Finmeccanica) are a year into a decade-long, £2.1bn deal where they provide heavy maintenance to the fighters. An RAF Typhoon FG R4 taking off from Akrotiri en route to Iraq or Syria “Instead of servicing them every 400 or 500 hours, we have been able to push it out to 600 in some cases and may be able to go to 750. It means less time in the hangar,” says Richard Hamilton, BAE’s director of the contract. Perhaps the biggest worry over the civilianisation of military work is that the forces will lose the ability to support themselves. But Hamilton says: “The RAF controls all forward activity. Any skills they require in theatre are there, they still have the trained people who can do the job.” Inzpire’s Raynes adds: “It’s a fine balance. If we were too forward-leaning we might as well be back in the military. We try to be the same but we are not a manpower substitution. “People can’t quite comprehend what we do, civilians flying Apaches, but we are passing on experience to the next generation.” Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Defence industry Boeing Prince Harry British Army Royal Air Force BAE Systems Afghanistan Ministry of Defence Iraq Syria Show more Galleries Gallery 07 Jun 2017, 3:58pm Gallery: Seven reasons why the Australian economy has gone 26 years without a recession Gallery 07 Jun 2017, 12:02am Gallery: From 'paid puppy leave' to sailing around the world: The quirkiest employee perks in the UK  Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 4:30pm Gallery: Nine things you could buy with this week's £131m EuroMillions jackpot Business latest 08 Jun 2017, 2:49pm Live Pound skids back towards $1.29 on general election day, but overnight volatility surges to highest level since Brexit vote 08 Jun 2017, 2:45pm Petrofac clinches decade-long Oman deal despite SFO probe 08 Jun 2017, 2:19pm Former HSBC banker faces extradition fight over currency rigging claims 08 Jun 2017, 1:59pm Etihad and Tui's airline launch is grounded as 'sums don't add up' 08 Jun 2017, 1:45pm Boohoo shares soar as fast fashion firm targets rapid growth 08 Jun 2017, 1:22pm Peter Cruddas insists tighter trading rules will be a boon for CMC 08 Jun 2017, 1:01pm Eurozone picks up pace as economists hail ‘sizzling’ recovery  08 Jun 2017, 12:02pm Auto Trader shares go into reverse over car market fears 08 Jun 2017, 10:59am Uber exec fired after accessing rape victim passenger's medical records 08 Jun 2017, 10:36am How will the General Election affect the pound? 08 Jun 2017, 9:48am BT appoints KPMG as auditor as PwC is ousted after 33 years in wake of Italian scandal 08 Jun 2017, 9:39am Flybe chief's plan reassures investors after £20m loss 08 Jun 2017, 9:07am Comment: Victory for neo-Marxist Jeremy Corbyn would mean a hard Brexit and doom for the economy Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 08 Jun 2017, 7:50am China posts surprise surge in exports but worries linger over economic growth 08 Jun 2017, 6:16am Questor: this trust trades at a 32pc discount – and there’s good reason to expect it to narrow Premium 08 Jun 2017, 6:00am Comment: Five ways to turn Tories’ hi-tech dreams into reality Harry Briggs Premium 08 Jun 2017, 12:01am Election uncertainty puts brake on house prices 07 Jun 2017, 9:45pm Comment: Santander's purchase of Popular could be a rare good bank bail-out Ben Wright Premium 07 Jun 2017, 8:49pm easyProperty to merge with estate agency group in £60m deal 07 Jun 2017, 7:24pm Berendsen agrees to £2.2bn takeover by French rival Elis 07 Jun 2017, 5:31pm Oil prices collapse as US shale hits back Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Business Home LBoard Teo: Simplify process of granting citizenship to stateless kids FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner Reuters | June 4, 2017 The latest delay of the 737 MAX, the newest version of Boeing's best-selling aircraft, comes after the airplane maker had to postpone the delivery of the first MAX last month. NEW YORK: Boeing Co said on Friday it had delayed the delivery of its third 737 MAX jetliner, set for next week to Norwegian Air Shuttle, to resolve a technical issue. “On occasion delivery processes runs into minor issues – whether for maintenance or other reasons,” Boeing said in a statement. “We fully expect to deliver later this month and look forward to the MAX entering revenue service with Norwegian.” The latest delay of the 737 MAX, the newest version of Boeing’s best-selling aircraft, comes after the airplane maker had to postpone the delivery of the first MAX last month. “Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. This will not affect our operation or our passengers,” Norwegian Air said in a statement. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Bitcoin exchange Coinbase seeks new funds at $1 billion valuation HSBC partners with AI startup to combat money laundering ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Uber driver flashes, then takes selfie on woman’s… Attacked by lecturer, Baru Bian says ‘love thy… Now Watsons is sorry for controversial video Clare: Khalid must have seen same documents I had Guan Eng brands Gerakan as ‘biggest liars’ Isa to Mazlan: Pay damages first, then talk Silence no option, DAP tells Najib over Shafee payments Anjing dilucut jawatan kerana terlalu manja Mufti Selangor hadir taklimat tuduh mufti WP… Muhyiddin wants independent auditor for FGV crisis, not… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Mari kenali ‘Muslim Homosektual’ Idris Jala must also check role of FGV board Let’s tackle ‘real’ issues, not imagined ones Seeking a more sustainable future for our oceans Isa Samad gali kubur sendiri? Bertindak sebelum durian IS jatuh atas kepala More... FMT Bahasa Krisis FGV berpotensi jejas keyakinan pelabur, kata Shahrir Lelaki tak dapat BR1M mengamuk, tetak kereta pengerusi JKKK Pelan PM sementara langkah praktikal, kata Amanah FGV: 8 jam geledah, SPRM bawa turun 3 kotak, 3 beg tarik Najib tertekan rakyat selalu salahkan PM Guan Eng label Gerakan ‘pembohong besar’ More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Airbus Mulls A380 Production Cut to Less Than One a Month By Paul Ausick June 5, 2017 1:40 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Source: courtesy of International Airlines Group S.A.The double-decked Airbus A380 is the largest commercial jet in the world, capable of seating more than 600 passengers in certain configurations. At a list price of almost $437 million apiece, it is also the most expensive passenger plane being built today. But, if an airline can fill all the seats, the A380 is not only the most expensive plane in the air but also the most economical. As happened with Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) 787 Dreamliner, the A380’s development cost soared past its approved budget and Airbus found itself in a deep hole on the program. In 2015 Airbus turned a corner and began making a profit on the A380. Unfortunately, that didn’t last long. The company cut production to one per month, effective in 2018, and at a conference in Cancun on Monday, an Airbus executive indicated that the production rate could drop below one per month in 2019. There is essentially one customer for the A380 — Emirates airlines. The company’s CEO has said he would order 200 of the giant planes if Airbus would put new, more economical engines on an updated version. So far Airbus has not been willing to spend the money on development of a new engine for just one customer. The recent travel restrictions on that have been threatened and applied to flights originating in the Middle East and terminating in the United States have cut into Emirates’ ability to fill its seats, a further drag on Airbus’s interest in upgrading the A380’s engines or even maintaining a one-per-month production rate. Emirates in December postponed delivery of 12 A380s scheduled for delivery this year and next at the rate of one every two months. Cutting production on the A380 to less than one a month presents a financial problem for Airbus: at one per month the company breaks even or makes a small profit on each plane, but Airbus has got the math right to remain at least break-even on less than one a month. In May of 2016, Airbus housed a fourth assembly line for the A320neo in a building in Hamburg that had been running an A380 line. That move allows Airbus to reassign some overhead costs on the A380, maintaining that break-even position it took so long to reach. The simplest way to maintain that break-even financial pace would be to take more orders, but that is unlikely. Another way would be to advance production of planes currently on order, but that seems like wishful thinking given that the company’s biggest customer for the A380 already has delayed six planes originally scheduled for delivery this year and six more once scheduled for next year. Airbus executive John Leahy, the company’s COO for customers, said: There are various things that can be done, but the important point is to get the airplane to at least break even at a lower production rate to get through a period of softness in the market for large airplanes so that we are there for the airplane in the next decade. We think it’s going to be very strong. Boeing already has cut the production rate on its 747 jumbo jet to one-half a plane per month as orders for the big plane have all but dried up. Airbus is unlikely to be able to dodge a lower production rate either. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Juno Therapeutics Sinks Following ASCO Update Was the Pacific Crest Downgrade of Apple Timed Properly? » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Recent Gas Price Slips Below $2 in Some Cities as Oil Inventories Swell NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More Is SciClone Pharma Getting Enough in the Buyout? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand These 2 Hated Dividend Stocks Are Buys How Nike Inc. Makes Most of Its Money NewLink Genetics' stock plunges 29% premarket after Genentech plans to return rights to cancer treatment Juno Therapeutics stock drops 5% after BTIG downgrades to sell August gold down $7.70, or 0.6%, at $1,285.60/oz. Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised The Latest: ECB president says risks to economy diminished In Beijing, Perry promotes US-China clean energy cooperation Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1340076-global-infrared-search-track-irst-systems-market-research-report-2017 Lockheed Martin Thales Group Saab Boeing Safran Rheinmetall Aselsan Leonardo Northrop Grumman HGH Systemes Infrarouges Hughes Aircraft Company On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Scanning Heads Processing & Control Electronics Displays Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems for each application, including Airborne Naval Land Others Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1340076-global-infrared-search-track-irst-systems-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Research Report 2017 1 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems 1.2 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Scanning Heads 1.2.4 Processing & Control Electronics 1.2.5 Displays 1.2.6 Others 1.3 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Segment by Application 1.3.1 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Airborne 1.3.3 Naval 1.3.4 Land 1.3.5 Others 1.4 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Infrared Search & Track (IRST) Systems Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1340076 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Specialty Insurance Market 2017 Research with Future Scope, Size & Industry Expected to Grow with High CAGR by 2021 Next PostNext Increasing Demand for New Flavors in Fortified Wines to Thrust Global Fortified Wine Market in US & China Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Rett * Rett Syndrome * Leadership * More Tags... Industry News * Non-profit * More Industries... News By Location * Amelia Island   Florida   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 Girl Power 2 Cure Inc, Announces New Board Member Kevin Pierce     Kevin pictured with wife Sonja and granddaughters Andi Mac and Blakely   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Rett * Rett Syndrome * Leadership Industry: * Non-profit Location: * Amelia Island - Florida - US Subject: * ExecutivesAMELIA ISLAND, Fla. - June 5, 2017 - PRLog -- Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. is excited to announce the appointment of Kevin Pierce to the GP2C Board of Directors. Kevin will be charged with supporting Girl Power 2 Cure's efforts in raising awareness for GP2C's programs, events, and fundraising with a focus on family support, education and research. Kevin brings a strong operations background and the diverse experiences of a 30+ year career with The Boeing Company, including technical development programs and management experience in both international and domestic assignments. Kevin has led internal audit organizations, multiple software and systems development teams, business process assessments, and multiple proposal activities. Since 1999, Kevin has supported the development, launch, activation and operation of NASA's International Space Station (ISS), and is currently serving as the Senior Project Manager for a portfolio of projects aimed at maintaining and enhancing the ISS, and the new NASA Space Launch System rocket platform. Kevin shares, "In June of 2014, our beautiful granddaughter Blakely was diagnosed with Rett Syndrome. We quickly learned everything we could about Rett Syndrome, and how Blakely's life (and ours) would be impacted. After we had an opportunity to internalize her diagnosis, we discovered Girl Power 2 Cure. I was impressed with their ability to immediately guide us with support, information and education. We quickly realized that accurate information and tools would be critical to ensure Blakely could develop basic life and learning skills, and saw GP2C empowering families worldwide with the specific knowledge needed for our daughters and granddaughters to be successful. Girl Power 2 Cure helped us focus on all that Blakely can accomplish with the right support, tools and education. We, and our entire "Team Blake" family, are fully committed to the GP2C goal of educating others about Rett Syndrome, and the strength and determination of Blakely and other girls who battle daily to overcome the challenges inherent to their condition. Pam Maxwell, GP2C Board Chair shares, "Kevin's unique background in both domestic and international business aligns with our vision of reaching everyone involved in caring for, educating and supporting those with Rett Syndrome. His passion for his granddaughter along with his business acumen will only add upon our already existing, diverse leadership team that is committed to positively impacting everyone affected by Rett Syndrome." Kevin continues, "At every opportunity, we are a family that advocates, supports and helps spread awareness to others about Rett Syndrome, and the incredible research that will deliver our cure. Blakely and her sister Andi Mac have inspired us and many others on our team to do more; more for our girls and the thousands of families affected by Rett Syndrome. I believe we can only achieve more by working together, and I am excited to join this passionate leadership team to do just that- MORE!" Please join us in welcoming Kevin to the Girl Power 2 Cure Team! About Girl Power 2 Cure Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. is a 501c3 nonprofit dedicated to family support, education and awareness as well as funding research for treatments and a cure for Rett Syndrome, a devastating neurological disorder that almost exclusively affects girls. We are committed to making Rett Syndrome the first reversible neurological disorder. We support families and volunteers in the planning and implementation of events that raise awareness and funds for Rett Syndrome research, as well as support Rett families with resources, education and awareness tools. Our inspiration is our flower:  always in bloom with hope and positive energy, ready to grow anywhere there is someone ready to join in our mission. For more information, visit us at http://www.girlpower2cure.org. About Rett Syndrome Rett Syndrome is a severe neurological disorder that almost exclusively affects females. Every 90 minutes another little girl is born "normal," only to be robbed of her ability to speak, walk, crawl, and use her hands between the ages of 1 and 3. Complications include seizures, sudden death in their sleep and scoliosis. Rett Syndrome is caused by a single spontaneous gene mutation that any baby girl has an equal chance of acquiring. It is considered the most physically disabling of the autism spectrum disorders and is as prevalent as Cystic Fibrosis, ALS and Huntington's Disease. There is no treatment, but in 2007 researchers proved in the lab that Rett Syndrome can be reversed, giving it the potential to be the first curable neurological disorder and playing a key role in understanding other neurological disorders such as Alzheimer's, Schizophrenia and Parkinson's. Contact Roger Brooks Chief Operating Officer ***@gp2c.org End Source : Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. Email : ***@gp2c.org Tags : Rett, Rett Syndrome, Leadership Industry : Non-profit Location : Amelia Island - Florida - United States Subject : Executives Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. News Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. pledges over $500,000 to RSRT's Roadmap to a Cure Rett University Grows Advisory Board Girl Power 2 Cure Appoints Two New Board Members for 2017 Girl Power 2 Cure, Inc. Appoints Monique J. Nolk to Board of Directors Girl Power 2 Cure to Participate in Revlon LOVE IS ON Million Dollar Challenge Trending Fifth Wheel Street Helps Family of Deceased Baby Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency Results Physiotherapy Opens Clinic in The Shops at Arbor Walk ResistBest.com: If America Withdraws From The Paris Climate Accord Pact, Who Will Lead The World - China? Daily News Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo - 408 views Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency - 254 views Somm's Insight: Toasting to Summer with Champagne and Steak at Perry's Steakhouse & Grille - 207 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views BayCoast Bank Names Paul Leveillee as Senior Vice President – Commercial Lending - 135 views Weekly News Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1378 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 833 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 819 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 653 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 652 views Daily News Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo - 408 views Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency - 254 views Somm's Insight: Toasting to Summer with Champagne and Steak at Perry's Steakhouse & Grille - 207 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views BayCoast Bank Names Paul Leveillee as Senior Vice President – Commercial Lending - 135 views Weekly News Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1378 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 833 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 819 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 653 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 652 views PTC News Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 289 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views Lennar's Legacy Community Grand Opens Saturday, June 24 - 191 views Move-in by End of Summer at Estates at Heritage El Dorado Hills - 171 views Jun 05, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 7 mins S&P 500 2,430.09 -3.05 (-0.13%) Dow 30 21,158.49 -15.20 (-0.07%) Nasdaq 6,287.45 -9.93 (-0.16%) Airbus says may have to cut A380 production further By Tim Hepher Reuters June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Tim Hepher CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - Airbus <AIR.PA>, Europe's largest aerospace company, raised the prospect on Monday of a new cut in production of its A380 superjumbo because of weak sales but pledged to try to make sure the struggling project still breaks even. Airbus already plans to cut production to one superjumbo a month in 2018 from an unspecified level now and has said it needs to win more sales this year to maintain output at that new level, called rate 1 by the company's executives. At the same time, Airbus is trying to reduce its industrial costs to prevent financial losses, pending what it believes will be an upturn in sales as global air traffic continues to grow. "My first job is at least to adapt to the assumptions that we have for rate 1 in 2018, which is being done," Programmes Head Didier Evrard told reporters. "Doing that is our first goal and meanwhile (sales chief) John (Leahy) is trying to sell more to A380 customers." Asked whether Airbus could have to cut production again, Evrard said, "Yes, it is likely that we may have to go below rate 1... and we will continue to study opportunities to (make) our program as healthy as possible on the financial side." Airbus shares fell 1.1 percent. Leahy told the same briefing that Airbus was working to reduce the A380 breakeven level to less than one a month. But he insisted he saw a future for the world's largest airliner as air traffic continues to double every 15 years. Both executives were speaking on the sidelines of an annual meeting in Mexico of about 200 airline leaders hosted by the International Air Transport Association. Airlines have been ordering fewer large four-engined jets such as the A380 and Boeing 747 in favor of smaller but efficient twin-engined models. Boeing plans to launch a new version of its 737 MAX family, the 737 MAX 10, at this month's Paris Airshow, though Leahy said it would be a "marginal airplane". He confirmed Airbus was looking at enhancements to its rival A321neo model, which has heavily outsold the 737 MAX equivalent, but said it was a routine annual product review. Leahy said Boeing had a "crisis" in the middle of the market, having ceded it to the A321neo, and he was not worried by the Chicago-based manufacturer's efforts to develop a new aircraft in the roughly 220-260 seat segment. After years of booming orders, Airbus expected a "very, very slow" year of orders, he said. The 67-year-old, who has overseen the sale of more than 10,000 aircraft, said he would step down "sooner rather than later" and that his role would be filled by his current deputy, executive vice-president Kiran Rao. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by David Clarke) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Boeing Woos United and Lion in a Bid to Boost Max 10 Launch Bloomberg Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Oil Prices Collapse As The EIA Reports Unexpected Inventory Build Oilprice.com What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Alibaba's Stock Has Surged 42% This Year, Making One Big Event This Week Must Watch The Street Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it Business Insider Georgia GOP Candidate For U.S. House: 'I Do Not Support A Livable Wage' ConeyIslandBaby67: The Republicans essentially want Americans to be Slave labor. This time they don't care what color the Slaves are, just as long as the top 1 percent can make more and more Green. Keep voting Republican and soon most Americans will be as poor as a peasant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.5k
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate An artist’s rendering of the new passenger terminal at Paine Field in Everett. (Propeller Airports) Alaska flights in about a year: Ground broken at Paine Field Noah Haglund Tue Jun 6th, 2017 11:35am BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The chance to use Paine Field to fly away on business or vacation suddenly felt much closer Monday as political and business leaders gathered to break ground on a future passenger terminal. The ceremony followed Alaska Airlines’ announcement in May that it intends to serve Paine Field with at least nine daily flights, starting some time next year. Propeller Airports, the company that’s building the two-gate terminal, received a grading permit in April. “About 12 months from now, we look forward to welcoming you to the terminal opening,” Propeller CEO Brett Smith said. The terminal would be the first in operation for Propeller, which is headquartered in New York and has opened an office at Paine Field. No other carriers have announced plans to fly out of Paine Field, but Smith said there is a lot of interest and to “stay tuned” for more. The terminal would be able to handle a maximum of about 16 daily flights, Smith said. The interior would include about 30,000 square feet. There also would be parking and rental-car services. Dignitaries on hand included Lt. Gov. Cyrus Habib, Alaska CEO Brad Tilden, Snohomish County Executive Dave Somers and Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson. Parked in the background as they spoke was a brand-new Embraer 175, one of the two kinds of aircraft that Seattle-based Alaska intends to fly out of Paine Field. The other is Boeing’s 737. Tilden said that one in five Alaska customers would find it more convenient to use Paine Field compared to Sea-Tac International Airport. He also expressed optimism that the number of flights could grow beyond nine per day. He thanked Stephanson and others for years of perseverance, “honestly to help us see the real value of bringing commercial air service to Snohomish County.” Part of Everett’s appeal for the airline is giving travelers an alternative to braving downtown Seattle traffic, a point that Somers drove home. “I love Sea-Tac, I love Seattle — I hate driving through it,” the county executive said. The terminal site covers about 11 acres between the airport’s administration building and the control tower. The county is due to receive $429,000 per year in rent plus a share of flight and parking revenues once operations start. Paine Field already handles about 300 takeoffs and landings every day, mostly from general aviation, Boeing and other aerospace companies. Built during the Great Depression as part of the Works Progress Administration, Paine Field was originally intended as a “super airport.” It was later dominated by military use, which dwindled in the 1960s. The airport is run by Snohomish County. Passenger service flourished at Paine Field in the 1940s, when Alaska briefly moved its base of operations there from its namesake state. “We’re coming back after a long, long time of being away,” Tilden said. Alaska also built the maintenance hangar that is now home to the Flying Heritage &Combat Armor Museum. In an effort to reduce impacts on Mukilteo and other residential areas, Propeller has agreed to limit late-night and early-morning flights. Operations would typically begin around 6 a.m. and finish by around 8 or 9 p.m., Smith said. No routes have been announced. Alaska doesn’t expect to until early next year. Likely contenders are the Bay Area or other California destinations, Northwest locales such as Portland or Spokane, and popular vacation areas in sunnier climes. “This is the missing piece of the puzzle for us in terms of job growth and recreational opportunities for the citizens of Snohomish County,” Stephanson said. The city of Mukilteo continues to oppose the terminal. After losing other battles in federal and state court, the city is petitioning the state Supreme Court to review the county’s lease agreement with Propeller. A coalition of environmental groups recently filed a “friend of the court” brief in support of the city’s position. Among the audience, perhaps no one lobbied harder than Hank Robinett to get regularly scheduled commercial passenger flights to the county airport. The Everett real estate developer has made it a priority over the past 30 or so years, even when the odds seemed long. Robinett predicted that 10 years or so from now, people would compare the terminal in importance to the Boeing Co’s arrival in Everett a half-century ago to build passenger jets. “It’s sad that it took this long,” he said, “but we’re finally here, I think.” Noah Haglund: 425-339-3465; nhaglund@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @NWhaglund.   Officials of Alaska Airlines, Propeller Airports and local governments celebrate after a groundbreaking ceremony for the new Paine Field passenger terminal on Monday in Everett. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden talks during the groundbreaking ceremony for the new Paine Field passenger terminal on Monday in Everett. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) An artist’s rendering of the new passenger terminal at Paine Field in Everett. (Propeller Airports)   Most Read Appointed county councilman’s youth, connections criticized MARYSVILLE — Nate Nehring’s youth and political ties were objects of curiosity… Jun 7th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Vote here for the high school athletes of the year Here are the seniors nominated for Boys Athlete of the Year and… Jun 8th, 2017 by Herald Staff Ribbon-cutting ceremony set for WSU building in north Everett EVERETT — An open house is planned for Aug. 15 for the… Jun 7th, 2017 by Jim Davis Woman uses app to track man suspected of stealing from her LAKE STEVENS — A 26-year-old woman discovered her Jeep had been broken… Jun 7th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins DUI suspected in Lake Stevens head-on collision; 2 injured LAKE STEVENS — Deputies with the Snohomish County Sheriff’s Office investigated an… Jun 7th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Arun Patil Satellite Payloads Market Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Satellite Payloads Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Satellite Payloads industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Satellite Payloads Market Research Report@ https://www.absolutereports.com/10809042 Major Key Companies of Satellite Payloads Market are: Airbus Defence and Space (France), Boeing (U.S.), Thales Group (France), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), and Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (Japan), among others Satellite Payloads Market by Orbit Type (LEO, MEO, GEO), Payload Type (Communication, Imaging, Navigation), Vehicle Type (Small, Medium to Heavy), Payload Weight (Low, Medium, High). Based on orbit type, the LEO (low earth orbit) segment is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market during the forecast period. Satellite payloads designed for LEO are mainly used for earth observation, remote sensing, and mobile & telecommunication services due to lower latency. The GEO (geosynchronous orbit) segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. These satellites are majorly used for telephone networks, TV & radio broadcast, and weather forecast. Ask for Sample report of Satellite Payloads Market @  https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10809042 Major Factors of this Satellite Payloads Industry are: 1 DRIVERS 1.1 Software defined payloads for communication satellites 1.1 Increased demand for hosted payloads 1.2 Satellite miniaturization 2 RESTRAINTS 2.1 High development cost 3 OPPORTUNITIES 3.1 GEO opportunities from the Internet of Things (IoT) 3.2 Emergence of over-the-top (OTT) platform in the television industry 3.3 Satellite cost reduction 4 CHALLENGES 4.1 Scarce intellectual asset 4.2 Highly dynamic technical environment Get Full Access of the Report @ https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10809042 “The communication payload segment is expected to lead while the imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period” Based on payload type, the communication payload segment is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market during the forecast period. This payload type, used for transmitting highly critical data, is used in the telecommunication and broadcasting industries on a larger scale. The imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This payload includes cameras and radars, which aid in capturing images and data for remote sensing during earth observation, surveillance, and mapping. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Satellite Payloads Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Stainless Steel Capillary Tube Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Fast Capital 360 Is Doing Their Part To Help Veterans Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 13:53 GMT, Jun 08, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica We want some more! US Air Force asks for extra $10.7bn for F-35s, lasers & other toys Published time: 5 Jun, 2017 20:06 Edited time: 6 Jun, 2017 08:09 Get short URL © U.S. Department of Defense Though President Donald Trump’s budget proposal raises military spending, the US Air Force wants more still. USAF has asked Congress for nearly $11 billion in additional funds for F-35 fighter jets, tankers, laser weapons and to modernize older planes. The Air Force’s wish list includes $1.76 billion for 14 more F-35A fighters, made by Lockheed Martin, in addition to the 46 currently covered by the budget proposal. Another $1.3 billion would buy a dozen MC-130J special operations tankers and one additional HC-130J search-and-rescue plane, both based on Lockheed’s C-130 platform. ICYMI, @usairforce unfunded priorities list includes 14 more #F35, 3 more KC-46, $ money for EC-X & next gen fighter https://t.co/CRj69gStq8— Lara Seligman (@laraseligman) June 5, 2017 Eager to replace older KC-135s, USAF wants $600 million for three additional KC-46 Pegasus tankers, manufactured by Boeing. “The Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) has forced us to make sacrifices as we balance readiness and modernization,” USAF wrote in the letter to lawmakers, obtained by The Hill. Read more Winners & losers in Trump’s $603bn national security budget An extra $363.3 million is needed for equipment, training, instructors and other readiness costs, USAF said, with another $1.8 billion for infrastructure. The US Air Force is also asking for $103 million for modernizing A-10 ground attack aircraft, which entered service in the late 1970s, with another $181 million for modifying B-2 stealth bombers. Left out of the budget proposal but included in the additional request was $284.6 million for the EC-X Compass Call program, including $117 million for buying a single plane. An additional $70 million would be used on a “game changing” prototype directed energy weapon, with the ability to disable electronic systems. The wish list also includes $772 million for space programs, $360 million for nuclear deterrence, and $563 million for cyber security, according to The Hill. Struggling with pilot and personnel shortages, USAF has recently relaxed policies on tattoos and marijuana use in order to boost recruitment and retention. USAF is also considering imposing a “stop-loss” order to stem the exodus of fighter pilots to civilian airlines. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Thursday June 8, 2017 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Flight review: Qantas economy Sydney to Los Angeles Katrina Lobley 23 Dec 2015, 9:45 a.m. A new dining policy leaves this writer with mixed feelings. Flight review: Qantas economy Sydney to Los Angeles Qantas 747-400: Qantas flies twice daily from Sydney to Los Angeles. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Local Business THE PLANE Boeing 747-400 THE ROUTE Sydney to Los Angeles  LOYALTY SCHEME Qantas Frequent Flyer (One World)  CLASS  Economy – window seat 49K.   DURATION Just over 13 hours. We depart half an hour late – adding to the stress of having just two hours, 10 minutes to make a connecting flight at the notoriously busy LAX – but as the captain promises, we land on time. I'm on the list for an express pass, and easily make my flight to Seattle.     FREQUENCY Qantas flies twice daily from Sydney to Los Angeles. THE SEAT Qantas' B747-400s that have been reconfigured with A380-style interiors feature a seat pitch (distance between rows) of 78.7 centimetres, a seat width of up to 44.9 cm and a 15.2 cm recline, with net footrests (which I love but some tall passengers don't). The cabin features a 3-4-3 layout. ENTERTAINMENT The touch-screen monitor, measuring 26.9 cm, is easy to figure out. There are enough enticing recent-release movies that I turn the flight into a four-movie marathon, interrupted only by a short sleep before breakfast service.  BAGGAGE Two pieces of checked baggage up to 23 kilograms each, with one carry-on bag up to 7kg​. COMFORT A blanket and pillow are provided for this overnight flight but no amenity kit. A note at the bottom of the menu states: "A selection of amenities are available on your flight, please ask your flight attendant". I don't ask for them, neither does my neighbour in the aisle seat, prompting me to wonder how much Qantas saves with this move. SERVICE Efficient and cheerful; otherwise unremarkable. FOOD  Qantas rolled out its new economy dining experience on this route last December. I have mixed feelings about the tiny tray that lobs in front of me. Gone are all the little extras: the salad and dressing, the butter pat, the cheese and crackers, all those drinking vessels. Instead the tray only holds a substantially bigger main with a garlic bread roll on top; chocolate mousse is served on the side. My yellow barramundi curry with beans and rice is delicious and filling. Pulled-beef sliders and ice-cream bars are served mid-flight. The hot breakfast option is scrambled eggs with chicken snags, hash brown and roast tomato, with a muffin and yoghurt/granola​ on the side.   ONE MORE THING As part of the new dining arrangements, Qantas has extended the Select on Q-Eat online pre-ordering system to economy passengers. Although I pre-ordered my curry, the flight attendant still asks what I'd like for dinner.  THE VERDICT The streamlined meals are a noticeable step up in terms of flavour and portion sizes, yet I feel nostalgic for the days when you could spend a good half-hour fiddling with the dollhouse-sized bits and bobs on your tray. Reviewed by Katrina Lobley who flew to the United States on Qantas courtesy of Scoot. The story Flight review: Qantas economy Sydney to Los Angeles first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Local Business Latest News CHFL round 9 – all the previews BFL round 7 – all the previews BFL and CHFL line-ups Tiger ‘Chum’ finds his way back to second home Move no value to Towong Editor's Picks EQUALITY SCORECARD | FAIL! Fairfield Council gets 3 out of 13 METAL | BODY COUNT OZ TOUR | The Ice man cometh LIVE AT KEMPS CREEK BOWLO | Carlotta – he did it her way Debbie Reynolds | What a glorious feelin’! Popular Knife held to man’s throat Jail for drug traffick attempt Court warning over threats Dog’s day out Teenager gets published Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Dogs at polling stations? Indeed While you were sleeping, this happenened. Oh, and the people of the UK voted. Health check on equality The second annual Women in Medicine event is on in Albury. Folk singer more than a pretty face | Video Folk singer Leah Senior isn't banking on the big time. Be safe on the roads, police urge Police out in force over Queen’s Birthday long weekend. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > Air Canada looks to Montreal-Beirut route Air Canada looks to Montreal-Beirut route Jun 5, 2017 Madhu Unnikrishnan EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Air Canada Boeing 787-9 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: Air Canada's new livery unveiled Advertisement The Montreal-Beirut route is an elusive prize that Air Canada very much wants to win. Fueled by the lobbying of Montreal’s large Lebanese expatriate and immigrant population, Air Canada has been pursuing the regulatory requirements to begin operating the route, Air Canada CEO Calin Rovinescu said at the IATA AGM in Cancun. “We started the regulatory process in 2003,” Rovinescu said. However, geopolitical events intervened, and the carrier itself did not have the right equipment to make the route viable. “We are now at the stage where it looks like we can put the pin in it,” he said. Part of the challenge of operating the route is ensuring right-level security screenings in Beirut, Rovinescu added. Air Canada is working with its Star Alliance partner Lufthansa, which operates in Beirut, to learn how to address these concerns. The route would not be viable without the advent of the Boeing 787, he said. The aircraft is the right size and offers operating costs that make the route feasible. Air Canada’s network has been “transformed” by the 787, he said. Several routes, including Montreal–Algiers, Algeria; Vancouver–Melbourne, Australia; and Vancouver–Taipei, Taiwan, would not have made commercial sense without the aircraft, Rovinescu said. Air Canada is halfway through its widebody aircraft fleet transformation. Before 2007, the carrier had a mix of Airbus A330s and A340s, and Boeing 767s. The 767s mostly have been transferred to its leisure carrier rouge, while the mainline carrier is reinventing its widebody aircraft fleet with a mix of Boeing 777s and 787s. It will keep “some” A330s, Air Canada president-passenger airlines Benjamin Smith said. The carrier is expecting deliveries of nine further 787s on top of the 37 it already operates. After the last 787s are delivered, the widebody aircraft fleet plan will be complete, Smith said. Madhu Unnikrishnan madhu.unnikrishnan@aviationweek.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Bombardier looks to convince airlines on CSeries at Paris Air Show IATA: Cheap airfares & better global economy boost demand ICAO & IATA seek more common sense in cabin laptop bans Air Canada Rouge to open second direct North Africa route in 2017   Airline Routes-June 7, 2017 Blogs & Commentary Jun 7, 2017 blog Airlines need Brexit answers. Soon. The UK is scheduled to leave the EU (Brexit) by the end of March 2019, but airlines don’t have two years, they need answers by April next year....More Jun 6, 2017 blog Editor’s Blog: Walsh’s meltdown over the BA meltdown A clearly irritated Willie Walsh was ready to chastise the press. “It wasn’t a computer meltdown,” he said as soon as he was asked about the British Airways incident that essentially shut down the airline’s London operations. “It was not a failure of IT; it was a failure of power.”...More Jun 5, 2017 blog Editor's Blog: The USA becomes the unnamed problem child If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it’s going to get a lot messier in world free trade”....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 7, 2017 Article Further US airline consolidation unlikely for now Further airline industry consolidation is unlikely in the US in the near future, but carriers may seek to grow through joint ventures or investments in foreign airlines, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC)....More Jun 7, 2017 Article ATW Plus CEO: Kenya Airways has potential to be major African carrier   Kenya Airways has all the ingredients to become a major player in Africa following restructuring over the last two years, CEO Sebastian Mikosz told ATW at the IATA AGM in Cancun....More Jun 7, 2017 Article Hawaiian Airlines on track for first two A321neo deliveries Hawaiian Airlines remains on track to receive the first of its Airbus A321neos in October, following delivery delays that have also affected other neo customers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 7 mins S&P 500 2,430.19 -2.95 (-0.12%) Dow 30 21,158.72 -14.97 (-0.07%) Nasdaq 6,287.45 -9.93 (-0.16%) Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources Reuters June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: Jet Airways aircraft stand on tarmac at the domestic airport terminal in Mumbai, India September 9, 2009. REUTERS/Punit Paranjpe/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (http://bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Boeing Woos United and Lion in a Bid to Boost Max 10 Launch Bloomberg Middle East Has Too Many Airlines, Qatar Airways Has Big Problems and Boeing May Be Hurt The Street Lowe's to lay off about 125 workers, move jobs to India Associated Press Arrest Cow Slaughterers and Smugglers Under National Security Laws, Says Indian Police Chief Newsweek Pakistan stun South Africa in Champions Trophy AFP Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Georgia GOP Candidate For U.S. House: 'I Do Not Support A Livable Wage' ConeyIslandBaby67: The Republicans essentially want Americans to be Slave labor. This time they don't care what color the Slaves are, just as long as the top 1 percent can make more and more Green. Keep voting Republican and soon most Americans will be as poor as a peasant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.5k
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-Airbus says may have to cut A380 production further Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Jun 5, 2017 | 2:50pm EDT UPDATE 1-Airbus says may have to cut A380 production further (Adds details, quotes) By Tim Hepher CANCUN, Mexico, June 5 Airbus, Europe's largest aerospace company, raised the prospect on Monday of a new cut in production of its A380 superjumbo because of weak sales but pledged to try to make sure the struggling project still breaks even. Airbus already plans to cut production to one superjumbo a month in 2018 from an unspecified level now and has said it needs to win more sales this year to maintain output at that new level, called rate 1 by the company's executives. At the same time, Airbus is trying to reduce its industrial costs to prevent financial losses, pending what it believes will be an upturn in sales as global air traffic continues to grow. "My first job is at least to adapt to the assumptions that we have for rate 1 in 2018, which is being done," Programmes Head Didier Evrard told reporters. "Doing that is our first goal and meanwhile (sales chief) John (Leahy) is trying to sell more to A380 customers." Asked whether Airbus could have to cut production again, Evrard said, "Yes, it is likely that we may have to go below rate 1... and we will continue to study opportunities to (make) our programme as healthy as possible on the financial side." Airbus shares fell 1.1 percent. Leahy told the same briefing that Airbus was working to reduce the A380 breakeven level to less than one a month. But he insisted he saw a future for the world's largest airliner as air traffic continues to double every 15 years. Both executives were speaking on the sidelines of an annual meeting in Mexico of about 200 airline leaders hosted by the International Air Transport Association. Airlines have been ordering fewer large four-engined jets such as the A380 and Boeing 747 in favour of smaller but efficient twin-engined models. Boeing plans to launch a new version of its 737 MAX family, the 737 MAX 10, at this month's Paris Airshow, though Leahy said it would be a "marginal airplane". He confirmed Airbus was looking at enhancements to its rival A321neo model, which has heavily outsold the 737 MAX equivalent, but said it was a routine annual product review. Leahy said Boeing had a "crisis" in the middle of the market, having ceded it to the A321neo, and he was not worried by the Chicago-based manufacturer's efforts to develop a new aircraft in the roughly 220-260 seat segment. After years of booming orders, Airbus expected a "very, very slow" year of orders, he said. The 67-year-old, who has overseen the sale of more than 10,000 aircraft, said he would step down "sooner rather than later" and that his role would be filled by his current deputy, executive vice-president Kiran Rao. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by David Clarke) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-General Mills signs deal with Renewable Energy Systems * General Mills Inc says signing of a virtual 15-year power purchase agreement with Renewable Energy Systems for 100-mw of its Cactus Flats wind project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: BRIEF-Anglogold Ashanti says ‍Blackrock now holds 10 pct stake in the company * Received formal notification from Blackrock, that it has acquired a beneficial interest in securities of company​ MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Weapons Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Smart Weapons Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies Smart Weapons in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Rheinmetall AG Lockheed Martin General Atomics AeroVironment Northrop Grumman Denel Dynamics Boeing Israel Aerospace Industries Textron Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Oculus Systems Ltd General Dynamics Land Systems Teledyne Scientific Siemens Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Limited Airbus Textron Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Satellite Guidance Radar Guidance Infrared Guidance Laser Guidance Others Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in each application, can be divided into Land Based Air Based Sea Based Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Key points in table of content 1 Smart Weapons Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Weapons 1.2 Smart Weapons Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Smart Weapons by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Satellite Guidance 1.2.3 Radar Guidance 1.2.4 Infrared Guidance 1.2.5 Laser Guidance 1.2.6 Others 1.3 Smart Weapons Segment by Application 1.3.1 Smart Weapons Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Land Based 1.3.3 Air Based 1.3.4 Sea Based 1.4 Smart Weapons Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Smart Weapons (2011-2021) 2 Global Smart Weapons Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Smart Weapons Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Smart Weapons Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Smart Weapons Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Smart Weapons Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Smart Weapons Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 3.1 Global Smart Weapons Production by Region (2011-2016) 3.2 Global Smart Weapons Production Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.3 Global Smart Weapons Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.4 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.5 North America Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.6 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.7 China Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.8 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.9 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.10 India Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 4 Global Smart Weapons Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.4 China Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.7 India Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 5 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Smart Weapons Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Smart Weapons Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Smart Weapons Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Smart Weapons Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=869088 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Treasurer Torsella Unveils Improved Transparency Portal Next PostNext Waterproof Blanket Material Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Weapons Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Smart Weapons Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies Smart Weapons in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Rheinmetall AG Lockheed Martin General Atomics AeroVironment Northrop Grumman Denel Dynamics Boeing Israel Aerospace Industries Textron Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Oculus Systems Ltd General Dynamics Land Systems Teledyne Scientific Siemens Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Limited Airbus Textron Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Satellite Guidance Radar Guidance Infrared Guidance Laser Guidance Others Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in each application, can be divided into Land Based Air Based Sea Based Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Key points in table of content 1 Smart Weapons Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Weapons 1.2 Smart Weapons Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Smart Weapons by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Satellite Guidance 1.2.3 Radar Guidance 1.2.4 Infrared Guidance 1.2.5 Laser Guidance 1.2.6 Others 1.3 Smart Weapons Segment by Application 1.3.1 Smart Weapons Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Land Based 1.3.3 Air Based 1.3.4 Sea Based 1.4 Smart Weapons Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Smart Weapons (2011-2021) 2 Global Smart Weapons Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Smart Weapons Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Smart Weapons Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Smart Weapons Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Smart Weapons Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Smart Weapons Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 3.1 Global Smart Weapons Production by Region (2011-2016) 3.2 Global Smart Weapons Production Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.3 Global Smart Weapons Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.4 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.5 North America Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.6 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.7 China Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.8 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.9 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.10 India Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 4 Global Smart Weapons Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.4 China Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.7 India Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 5 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Smart Weapons Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Smart Weapons Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Smart Weapons Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Smart Weapons Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=869088 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Treasurer Torsella Unveils Improved Transparency Portal Next PostNext Waterproof Blanket Material Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Weapons Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Smart Weapons Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies Smart Weapons in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Rheinmetall AG Lockheed Martin General Atomics AeroVironment Northrop Grumman Denel Dynamics Boeing Israel Aerospace Industries Textron Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Oculus Systems Ltd General Dynamics Land Systems Teledyne Scientific Siemens Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Limited Airbus Textron Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Satellite Guidance Radar Guidance Infrared Guidance Laser Guidance Others Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Smart Weapons in each application, can be divided into Land Based Air Based Sea Based Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/869088-global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017 Key points in table of content 1 Smart Weapons Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Weapons 1.2 Smart Weapons Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Smart Weapons by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Satellite Guidance 1.2.3 Radar Guidance 1.2.4 Infrared Guidance 1.2.5 Laser Guidance 1.2.6 Others 1.3 Smart Weapons Segment by Application 1.3.1 Smart Weapons Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Land Based 1.3.3 Air Based 1.3.4 Sea Based 1.4 Smart Weapons Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Smart Weapons (2011-2021) 2 Global Smart Weapons Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Smart Weapons Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Smart Weapons Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Smart Weapons Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Smart Weapons Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Smart Weapons Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 3.1 Global Smart Weapons Production by Region (2011-2016) 3.2 Global Smart Weapons Production Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.3 Global Smart Weapons Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.4 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.5 North America Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.6 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.7 China Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.8 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.9 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.10 India Smart Weapons Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 4 Global Smart Weapons Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.4 China Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.7 India Smart Weapons Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 5 Global Smart Weapons Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Smart Weapons Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Smart Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Smart Weapons Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Smart Weapons Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Smart Weapons Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Smart Weapons Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Smart Weapons Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=869088 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Treasurer Torsella Unveils Improved Transparency Portal Next PostNext Waterproof Blanket Material Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing Taps German Company to Manufacture Parts of Chinook Tunnel Cover Boeing Taps German Company to Manufacture Parts of Chinook Tunnel Cover Anna Forrester June 5, 2017 Press Releases 76 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, June 5, 2017 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) has awarded a five-year contract to Germany-based COTESA for the supply of various components for a section of the H-47 Chinook heavy-lift helicopter, ExecutiveBiz reported Friday. The aerospace and defense company said Thursday COTESA will provide composite parts of the tunnel cover section for the global Chinook fleet as part of Boeing’s supply chain in Germany. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing chinook COTESA Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Germany govcon H-47 Chinook supply chain Related Articles Dell EMC’s Cameron Chehreh Talks Factors to Consider in Agency Hybrid Cloud Transition June 7, 2017 Carl De Groote: Cisco, DoD Work on JRSS Cloud Migration, Automation & AI June 7, 2017 Harris Ship-Tracking Receivers Hosted on Iridium Next Satellites Now Operational June 7, 2017 Check Also Lockheed Martin Partner in Japan Rolls Out 1st Locally Assembled F-35A TYSONS CORNER, VA, June 7, 2017 — Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has unveiled the first … BAE Unveils ‘Movement Intelligence’ Geospatial Analysis Function for Threat Identification TYSONS CORNER, VA, June 7, 2017 — BAE Systems has developed a new “movement intelligence” function … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags USSOCOM Awards $475M UAS ISR Contract Spots to Boeing, Textron Subsidiaries June 8, 2017 Accenture Eyes Federal Cloud Portfolio Expansion Through Phase One Purchase June 8, 2017 Frontier Electronic Systems Awarded $73M Navy IDIQ to Produce Ship Sensor, Data Distribution Systems June 8, 2017 Dell EMC’s Cameron Chehreh Talks Factors to Consider in Agency Hybrid Cloud Transition June 7, 2017 June 7 Market Close: GovCon Index and Indices Reverse Two Day Slide June 7, 2017 Nishita Henry Named Deloitte Federal Tech Practice Leader June 6, 2017 1,170 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 679 Level 3’s Jeff Storey to Succeed Glen Post as CenturyLink CEO in 2019 June 2, 2017 624 Stu Shea Named CEO of MHVC, Recent Acquisition of Veritas Capital June 6, 2017 572 NTT Data to Offer Drone Operations, Traffic Management Software in October June 2, 2017 482 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics GovCon Index nyse news financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Deloitte Consulting Names New Federal Technology Practice Leader NNSA Selects Contractors for Operations, Mgmt & Security of Nevada National Security Site BAE Systems Inc. Adds Former Senator to Board of Directors CSRA Pursues NES Acquisition as CFO David Keffer Previews FY 2018 Growth Strategy Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments @Follow Me .@USSOCOM picks @Textron $TXT, @Boeing $BA subsidiaries for potential $475M UAS ISR contract #GovCon https://t.co/a28hGqTjMW44 mins ago Frontier Electronic Systems awarded $73M @USNavy IDIQ for sensor, data distribution tech production for#GovCon https://t.co/IwE65OFhyO54 mins ago .@Accenture $ACN eyes federal cloud services expansion through @PhaseOneCG purchase #GovCon https://t.co/9gDFwzbZQM3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Graham: 'Half of what Trump does is not OK' but it's not a crime Ballot Box — 0s ago 'Morning Joe' co-host: Trump may be 'mentally ill' Media — 1m 21s ago Kamala Harris blasts Trump over loyalty oath Senate — 4m 4s ago ABC News report on Comey-Trump investigation still uncorrected Media — 5m 37s ago Liberal group MoveOn calls for Trump to be impeached Blog Briefing Room — 9m 47s ago Maine senator: Intel chiefs’ evasiveness on Trump means 'there was something to discuss’ Senate — 17m 6s ago The sexist way we pile on Hillary Clinton and stifle women in democracy Contributors — 21m 55s ago Intelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ Blog Briefing Room — 35m 14s ago view all   Marine Corps wish list: $877M for six extra F-35 fighters By Ellen Mitchell - 06/05/17 02:06 PM EDT 54   © Getty The Marine Corps’ nearly $3.2 billion “wish list” sent to Congress last week asks for extra helicopters and F-35 fighter jets, according to the document obtained by The Hill. The vast majority of the list — unfunded weapons, equipment, infrastructure and development activities the Marine Corps wants for fiscal 2018 that weren't included in its budget proposal last month — asks for aviation needs, about $2.36 billion worth. About $617 million would go toward four more F-35B joint strike fighters and spare parts, $260 million for two F-35C fighters and $355 million for four KC-130J aerial refueling tankers, all made by Lockheed Martin.   ADVERTISEMENT An additional $288 million is wanted for two CH-53K King Stallion heavy-lift cargo helicopters, made by Lockheed-owned Sikorsky Aircraft. The Marines also want nearly $228 million for two Boeing-made Clipper transport aircraft, $220.5 million for seven AH-1Z Viper attack helicopters, produced by Bell Helicopter, $181 million for two Bell-Boeing MV-22 Osprey assault support aircraft and $67 million for four UC-12W Huron transport aircraft. The list also includes $487.7 million for ground combat items and infrastructure, including more munitions, equipment, surveillance systems and facilities sustainment. The list does not include additional vehicles. In addition, the Marines want $332 million for naval needs, including $312 million for five ship-to-shore connector vessels, and $17 million for one mine countermeasure unmanned surface vehicle. Congress asks for unfunded lists from each military service every year. The documents help guide lawmakers as they work through the budget requests and form policy and spending bills.  The Navy sent its list to lawmakers in late May, as did the Air Force and the Army. The Coast Guard is expected to send its list by the end of June.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 CNN issues correction after Comey... CNN has corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI... 2,065 Shares 2 Live coverage: Comey testifies... Keep up with The Hill for live coverage of James Comey's testimony. 1,064 Shares 3 What to watch for in Comey’s... Former FBI Director James Comey will make his first public appearance... 828 Shares 4 Pence cancels interview with PBS Pence was running late during a trip to Houston on Wednesday, his office... 450 Shares 5 The key players to watch at Comey’... The eyes of the nation will be on the Senate Intelligence Committee... 426 Shares 6 Outside groups rally to back up... The reinforcements have arrived. As President Trump stares down one of the... 416 Shares 7 Comey’s dramatic account on Trump... President Trump repeatedly sought to influence the FBI’s investigation... 394 Shares 8 US attorney fired by Trump has... A former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump earlier this year... 353 Shares 9 Exclusive: GOP lawmaker talked... Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) has boasted about how much money he’s made for... 328 Shares 10 DC bar to offer free drinks for... A Washington bar is offering a round of drinks every time President Trump... 274 Shares 11 49 questions for James Comey Senators in both parties have been salivating at the chance to ask James... 262 Shares 12 The UK election: What you need to... Voters in Britain will go to the polls on Thursday following three deadly... 234 Shares 13 Puerto Rico goes to the polls for... Looking for the Spanish version? Click here.Puerto Rico’s government is... 229 Shares 14 Trump’s FBI pick a ‘warning shot’... President Trump's choice to nominate an FBI director with ties to New... 200 Shares 15 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 182 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Craig Francis 3D Printing in Low-Cost Satellite Market – Global Industry Growth Analysis at CAGR of 55.71% including Key Players Airbus, Boeing, Lockheed Martin forecast till 2021 HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 70 pages on title ‘Global 3D Printing in Low-Cost Satellite Market 2017-2021’  with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Americas, APAC, EMEA and important players such as Airbus, Boeing, Lockheed Martin ……………… About 3D Printing in Low Cost Satellite 3D printing involves the synthesis through the addition of successive layers of materials with the support of computerized control technology to design an object or component. This process allows manufacturers to produce small and micro-components of various shapes and size. It also allows the reduction of the overall weight of components, thus substantially reducing the overall weight of a satellite system. The use of 3D printing in the manufacturing of low-cost satellites can ensure a reduction in manufacturing time, overall cost association, and wastage of materials. Therefore, the adoption of 3D printing in the satellite sector is anticipated to reflect long-term sustainability while ensuring enhancement in the overall performance of a low-cost satellite. The analysts forecast the global 3D printing in low cost satellite market to grow at a CAGR of 55.71% during the period 2017-2021.  Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/463212-global-3d-printing-in-low-cost-satellite-market  Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global 3D printing in low cost satellite market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA The  report, Global 3D Printing in Low Cost Satellite Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=463212 Key vendors Airbus Boeing Lockheed Martin Stratasys Other prominent vendors Aerojet Rocketdyne ExOne Market driver Rise in CubeSat development and deployment For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Limited economies of scale For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Economically viable space travel For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report.  Get Customization in the Report, Enquire Now @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/463212-global-3d-printing-in-low-cost-satellite-market  Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction Satellite industry PART 05: Market outline Key market highlights Key takeaways PART 06: Market landscape Market overview Market size and forecast Five forces analysis PART 07: Patent analysis Patent trends PART 08: Market segmentation by satellite part Market segmentation by satellite part Market share by satellite part PART 09: Geographical segmentation Market share by geography Geographical segmentation by revenue  ….Continued  View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/463212-global-3d-printing-in-low-cost-satellite-market  Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.  Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Tagsaerospace & defense Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A1 Houston Home Inspectors Guarantees Proper Appraisal And Analysis Next PostNext StreamNet.TV Crowdfunding Platform for Venture Capital, Investment Groups, Banks, Family Offices Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Subscribe All News Exclusives Newspaper & Supplements Newspaper distribution map Calendar Shop Classifieds Subscribe Advertise Donate Contact us About Us Support the Media Development Foundation Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Multimedia More Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Multimedia Russia World Sports Business Wire Classifieds Journalism of Tolerance Hot topics:Real Estate Reform Watch Oligarch Watch Legal Quarterly Eurovision 2017 Russia's war against Ukraine Ukraine-U.S. Relations In Trump Era EU - Ukraine relations Kyiv Post Classics World in Ukraine Ukraine's IT edge EuroMaidan Revolution Ukraine's Energy Challenge Murder In The Sky: Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 Ukraine's Booming Agricultural Sector Trump’s Russia ties Chornobyl Verkhovna Rada Kyiv Post CEO Breakfast Kyiv Post Tiger Conference Doing Business in Ukraine Ukrainian vs. Russian Language Ukrainian Voices From Abroad Yulia Tymoshenko 2015 Economic Crisis 2015 Local Election - Oct. 25 Oct. 26, 2014 Parliamentary Election May 25, 2014 Presidential Election Euro 2012 Oct. 28, 2012 Parliamentary Election London 2012 Olympics Euro Crisis Georgiy Gongadze Kyiv Post's 20th Anniversary Series 2015 Yalta European Strategy Libel Law That time when Ukraine's 25th Year of Independence Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks You're reading: Bellingcat publishes photo of Buk 332 taken before MH17 tragedy Russia Bellingcat publishes photo of Buk 332 taken before MH17 tragedy Back to Home Share Tweet Pocket Print Mail Bookmark Bellingcat publishes photo of Buk 332 taken before MH17 tragedy By Interfax-Ukraine. Published June 5 at 7:51 pm This Buk missile launcher was identified as Buk 332 from the 53rd Anti-Aircraft Missile Brigade. Photo by Bellingcat Popular on social media 2 Italian expats fall in love with Ukraine at first sight 502 Ukraine pays respects to late archbishop Lyubomyr Huzar 282 Ukrainians in Italy for work first, but also find pleasure 234 The British investigative journalists group Bellingcat has found a photo of the Buk 323 missile launcher of the Russian 53rd anti-aircraft missile brigade taken before the launcher was used to down the MH17 passenger flight in Donetsk region in 2014. Following a tip from a Twitter user, Bellingcat was able to find the photograph that shows white transport markings on Buk 332 from before the June 2014 convoy, the journalist team said in a report published on their website. “A photograph taken by a Russian mechanic, likely in the spring of 2013, shows Buk 332 with the same white transport markings that were on the Buk while in Ukraine shortly before and after the downing of MH17. This photograph is the last discovered image of Buk 332, showing its non-obscured unit designation and transport markings, before the June 2014 convoy, when the middle digit of its unit designation was painted over,” the report reads. The mechanic’s initially discovered photo album was uploaded in February 2015, but doesn’t give the mechanic’s name or information about when or where the photographs were taken, Bellingcat said. “Bellingcat managed to identify the mechanic and located several of his social media profiles. One of these social media profiles shows the Buk 332 photograph, and another social media profile shows two photographs that also are visible in his 2015 album,” the report reads. The investigators concluded the photograph was almost certainly taken in 2013, but there is a remote possibility that it was taken in spring 2014. According to the Bellingcat report, the ground-to-air Buk missile that downed the Boeing was delivered to Ukraine from Russia. The place of the missile launch was Pervomaiske village, located in an area of eastern Ukraine occupied by Russian hybrid forces. Some 100 individuals have been implicated of involvement in the launching of the missile. As earlier reported, the Boeing 777 belonging to Malaysia Airlines flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) was shot out of the sky killing all 298 passengers on board. The international joint investigatory group (Joint Investigation Team, JIT), which is comprised of prosecutors and law-enforcement officials from Ukraine, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia, and Malaysia, as well as EU legal officials, on September 28, 2016 presented its findings in the criminal investigation of the tragedy. “The JIT concluded that MH17 was downed by a rocket, Series 9M38, launched from a self-propelled ground-to-missile launcher BUK-TELAR, in a farming area in the region of Pervomaiske village. The area is currently held by pro-Russian militant groups. Investigators said missile complex was delivered to Ukraine from the Russian Federation and returned there after the downing,” the findings said. In mid-November 2016, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said that investigators had established the names of a hundred individuals suspected of involvement in the crime and that they will be named in 2017. Found a spelling error? Let us know – highlight it and press Ctrl + Enter. Tags: Bellingcat MH17 Russia Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks Advertisement Subscribe now Subscribe Get daily news updates Breaking news about Ukraine ok Please, fill in the Email field Most read — Mar. Apr. May Jun. Film about Russia’s war in Ukraine receives … May 26, 5:47 pm (Visa-)Free At Last! Europe opens to Ukraine May 18, 11:31 pm Nationalists try to close Lebanese café in heart … May 23, 6:29 pm G7 warns that Russia may face tougher sanctions … May 27, 10:30 pm Popular Russian websites Vkontakte, Yandex, … May 16, 12:20 pm European Council approves visa-free travel for … May 11, 1:39 pm SBU searches Yandex offices in Kyiv, Odesa May 29, 2:39 pm Advertisement Advertisement Add comment Please Sign In to Comment: Login Email me when new comments appear here Replies to my commentsAll comments Sorry, you must be logged in to post a comment. Send Cancel More in this section June 08, 10:35 am RFE/RL: US charges 31 members of Russian gang with ‘dizzying array’ of crimes June 08, 10:32 am UNIAN: Moscow says idea to set up MH17 tribunal ‘meddling’ in Russia’s affairs June 08, 9:39 am RFE/RL: Kasparov says Putin waging ‘war against the free world’ (Interview) June 07, 8:55 pm Foreign Policy: Oliver Stone’s ‘Putin Interviews’ will teach you little about … June 07, 7:37 pm RFE/RL: Moscow’s English-language weekly to change hands, cut staff June 07, 6:00 pm The Hill: GOP chairman says Senate panel will ‘deal with’ Russia in June June 07, 5:21 pm Kremlin says Russia to offer mirror response to Ukraine’s imposition of visas June 07, 5:17 pm Foreign Intelligence Service chief say US seeking pretext to increase sanction … Most important news and views in your inbox Subscribe Please, fill in the Email field Web links to Kyiv Post material are allowed provided that they contain a hyperlink to the stories and only a brief extract (not more than 10 percent) of the text. © 1995-2017 Public Media Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Photo Video Cartoons World Russia Sports Journalism of Tolerance Newspaper & supplements Business Wire Entertainment Guide Events Calendar Employment Fair Subscription Advertising Classifieds Shop Donations Contact us About Us Support the Media Development Foundation Where to get the Kyiv Post All materials, including photographs, contained on this site are protected by copyright law and may not be reproduced without the prior written permission of Public Media at news@kyivpost.com. All Interfax-Ukraine news agency stories cannot be reproduced or distributed in any form without written permission of Interfax-Ukraine. Ad links: How to place a link here? Close media panel Repeater ? Photo cut-in with a button ? Photo cut-in without button ? Full-width cut-in with buttons ? Blockquote with button ? Social link to Twitter ? Stories with manual related posts ? Stories with related posts in chosen category ? Attention Add a picture Choose file Submit Cancel Add a quote Submit Cancel Attention Are you sure you want to delete your comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to delete all user's comments? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to unapprove user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to spam user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to trash user's comment? Yes No Spelling error report The following text will be sent to our editors: Your comment (optional): powered by Mistape Send Cancel back to top Error! Please try again. Go Email * Already have an account? Sign In Reset password Email * Password * Don't have an account? Register Forgot your password? Remember me Sign In Nickname * Email * Already have an account? Sign In Register
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 5 June 2017 | MYT 11:46 PM India’s Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources Jet Airways’ expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order. The AFP photo shows a Jet Airways flight taking off from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport in Ahmedabad. CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI: Jet Airways Ltd, India’s biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing’s 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE’s A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening.  A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways’ expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20%-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation’s IndiGo,  SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India’s Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India’s order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India’s domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67% slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Airlines , Jet Airways Ltd , Etihad Airways Related Stories Related Stories Etihad CEO Hogan to quit as carrier struggles with investments Etihad reaches accord on Alitalia stake purchase Report reveals royal funding for Etihad You May Be Interested Mavcom awards commercial ground handling licences to 30 companies MARC affirms ratings for Westport with stable outlook Trading likely to stay range bound Hua Yang to work together with Magna Prima for future projects 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read French federation president hits out at French men Expected roar of a joint swoop turns out to be mere squeak of a routine ops Most sticking with London travel plans Property Related advertisement Latest News GLCs must remain vigilant and reinvent themselves, says Khazanah AirAsia raises stake in inflight entertainment system provider Prasarana to generate RM17bil in economic returns this year Monorail trains built for Prasarana are ‘fit for operation’ - Scomi Market closes marginally lower Most Viewed in Business Monorail trains built for Prasarana are ‘fit for operation’ - Scomi Malaysian ringgit to rally to eight-month high, top banker says Prasarana to generate RM17bil in economic returns this year AirAsia raises stake in inflight entertainment system provider Sapura Energy wins RM879.01mil jobs AsiaBio secures Rapid-related subcontract worth RM220mil Maybank Islamic appoints Zainal Abidin chairman Market closes marginally lower FGV caught in a bind Mavcom awards commercial ground handling licences to 30 companies advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health Interviews LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Alaska Airlines to Add Flights to Small Airport North of Seattle Feature Photo: © Mbr Images | Dreamstime.com By Megan Hill - June 5, 2017 Alaska Airlines announced it will begin serving Paine Field–Snohomish County Airport north of Seattle with nine daily flights starting in fall 2018. The airline touted the airport as an alternative to Seattle Tacoma International Airport for travelers in Seattle’s North Sound. Travelers heading to or from Everett, Washington, where Boeing is located, would cut up to 80 minutes from their commute time by using Paine Field rather than Sea-Tac, according to the airline. “Today’s news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip,” said Brad Tilden, CEO, Alaska Airlines, who cited Seattle’s population growth and congestion at Sea-Tac as some of the factors in the decision to start flying from Paine Field. The airport is in Snohomish County and is currently a test facility for Boeing. It’s being developed for commercial operations, with a two-gate terminal slated to be built by private-equity firm Propeller Aviation starting in June 2017. Alaska has not yet announced its destinations from Paine Field, but it did say it will use Boeing 737 and Embraer 175 planes. Paine Field offers a small terminal that cannot exceed about 16 flights per day. Royal Crescent Hotel in Bath Celebrates Anniversary with New Suite History and Art in Gothenburg Posts you may also like Sydney Airport to Get Increased Train Frequency 08 Jun 2017 Feature 0 Comments La Compagnie Exhibits In-Flight Art Gallery 07 Jun 2017 Feature 0 Comments Alaska Airlines Will Fly to Mexico City Again 07 Jun 2017 Feature 0 Comments The Stafford London Unveils New Suites 06 Jun 2017 Feature 0 Comments Latest News Las Vegas: More Than Meets the Eye Drinking Cacao: An Ancient Mayan Ritual Amazing and Original Pizza in New York City Quick and Easy Brews in Ann Arbor More News Latest Deals Choose Canada and Earn American Airlines AAdvantage Miles Earn Bonus Cathay Pacific Asia Miles with Alamo Double Your Hyatt Points for Being You More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Trazee Travel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7% by 2021 Global Flight Navigation System Market by Flight Instrument , by Product , by Application and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: Honeywell, Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Esterline Technologies, GE Aviation, Sagem, and Navtech. ” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Flight Navigation System Market: The Global Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 7% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are increasing aircraft fleet, demand for avionics system with gen-next aircraft, demand for accurate flight navigation, capability of handling more air traffic, collision avoidance systems, gyroscopes, and integration of early warning radar. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are cyber-attack, high cost of autopilot system, and automation safety issue. Demand of non-directional beacon, next generation avionics, and demand for aircraft condition monitoring system (ACMS) are the ongoing trends which will impact the market during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1633 Key Players of Flight Navigation System Market: • Honeywell • Moog Inc. • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Boeing • Esterline Technologies • GE Aviation • Sagem • Navtech Study Objectives of Global Flight Navigation System Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Flight Navigation System Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Flight Navigation System Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by flight instrument, product, and application. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Flight Navigation System Market. Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Target Audience: • Radio and transmitter OEMs • System/Component Suppliers • Potential Investors • Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/flight-navigation-system-market-1633 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Technologies and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Seattle Genetics and Astellas Announce Updated Enfortumab Vedotin Phase 1 Data in Metastatic Urothelial Cancer at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Next PostNext Intelligent Water Meters Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7% by 2021 Global Flight Navigation System Market by Flight Instrument , by Product , by Application and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: Honeywell, Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Esterline Technologies, GE Aviation, Sagem, and Navtech. ” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Flight Navigation System Market: The Global Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 7% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are increasing aircraft fleet, demand for avionics system with gen-next aircraft, demand for accurate flight navigation, capability of handling more air traffic, collision avoidance systems, gyroscopes, and integration of early warning radar. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are cyber-attack, high cost of autopilot system, and automation safety issue. Demand of non-directional beacon, next generation avionics, and demand for aircraft condition monitoring system (ACMS) are the ongoing trends which will impact the market during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1633 Key Players of Flight Navigation System Market: • Honeywell • Moog Inc. • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Boeing • Esterline Technologies • GE Aviation • Sagem • Navtech Study Objectives of Global Flight Navigation System Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Flight Navigation System Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Flight Navigation System Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by flight instrument, product, and application. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Flight Navigation System Market. Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Target Audience: • Radio and transmitter OEMs • System/Component Suppliers • Potential Investors • Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/flight-navigation-system-market-1633 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Technologies and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Seattle Genetics and Astellas Announce Updated Enfortumab Vedotin Phase 1 Data in Metastatic Urothelial Cancer at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Next PostNext Intelligent Water Meters Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION June 8, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors24 Markets17 Automotives2 Banking5 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media Careers2 Energy54 Retail4 Shipping1 Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors A tech start-up boom in Iran Robots will change the nature of employment Egypt to submit draft investment regulations Aviation10 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights Etihad Cargo signs MoU with Royal Air Maroc Economy16 Property8 GN Property top stories in Property Municipality meets developers in Dubai Real estate litigation and arbitration Real estate data: The bedrock of progress Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis5 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Jet Airways said to be in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets The most likely model airline said to be considering is the 737 Max, though it is also looking at Airbus’ A321neo jets as well as the 737 Max 10 Published: 15:18 June 5, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London, New Delhi: Jet Airways India Ltd, the country’s biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 50 narrowbody jets on top of a pending order for Boeing Co. 737 Max aircraft, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said. The most likely model the airline is considering is the 737 Max, though it is also looking at Airbus SE’s A321neo jets as well as the 737 Max 10, a stretched version Boeing may introduce in Paris this month, the person said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are confidential. Jet Airways could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024, the person said. The order may be worth at least $5.6 billion (Dh20.5 billion). Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won’t comment on speculation, a spokesman said in an email. A representative for Boeing said in an email that the plane maker is in constant communications with airlines in India about their needs but doesn’t discuss specific conversations publicly. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares of the carrier jumped as much as 3.2 per cent and traded at Rs500.30 (Dh28.48) as of 3.29pm in Mumbai on Monday. Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways owns a 24 per cent stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India, one of the world’s fastest-growing aviation markets, where carriers offer cut-throat, below-cost fares to attract passengers. The Indian carrier made its first annual profit in seven years in the 12 months ended March 2016, mainly due to a drop in oil prices — the biggest cost for an airline. Airlines in Asia are ordering hundreds of new planes to meet surging demand as an emerging middle class spends more of its disposable income on air travel. In India, market leader IndiGo has ordered 430 A320neo jets and is in talks to buy 50 ATR turboprop aircraft, while budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd. has ordered as many as 205 Boeing jets. More from Aviation Etihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline 03:10 pm UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights 02:51 pm Etihad Cargo signs MoU with Royal Air Maroc Emirates said in talks for 20 superjumbos Qantas sees room for Emirates tie-up in Europe Struggling Air Berlin eyes Lufthansa tie-up Philippines’ Cebu Air orders 7 Airbus planes Saudi Airlines gets digital certification tags from this storyAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNIndia follow this tag on MGNJet Airways follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNJet Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEtihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline Business Gallery China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Pictures: Apple launches new gadgets and updates Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Qatar Airways offices in UAE shut down 02UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights 03Emirates said in talks for 20 superjumbos 044 UAE airlines cut flights to, from Doha 05Filipino airline not suspending Qatar flights 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 7Images China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Jun 08, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Saudi, UAE, Bahrain, Egypt cut Qatar ties How the Qatari crisis affects you Qatar sympathisers to face fine, jail UAE supports statements on Qatar An open letter to the Qatari emir Qatar ready for mediation to ease rift Gargash: We are fed up with Qatar's duplicity 4 UAE airlines cut flights to, from Doha Exposed: Qatar’s role in Brotherhood spread Close Recommended For You What's showing at the movies this weekPUBLISHED ON Jul 07, 2017 UAE residents speak about their sleep habitsPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 UAE denies changes in residency laws rumoursPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7% by 2021 Global Flight Navigation System Market by Flight Instrument , by Product , by Application and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: Honeywell, Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Esterline Technologies, GE Aviation, Sagem, and Navtech. ” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Flight Navigation System Market: The Global Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 7% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are increasing aircraft fleet, demand for avionics system with gen-next aircraft, demand for accurate flight navigation, capability of handling more air traffic, collision avoidance systems, gyroscopes, and integration of early warning radar. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are cyber-attack, high cost of autopilot system, and automation safety issue. Demand of non-directional beacon, next generation avionics, and demand for aircraft condition monitoring system (ACMS) are the ongoing trends which will impact the market during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1633 Key Players of Flight Navigation System Market: • Honeywell • Moog Inc. • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Boeing • Esterline Technologies • GE Aviation • Sagem • Navtech Study Objectives of Global Flight Navigation System Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Flight Navigation System Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Flight Navigation System Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by flight instrument, product, and application. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Flight Navigation System Market. Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Target Audience: • Radio and transmitter OEMs • System/Component Suppliers • Potential Investors • Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/flight-navigation-system-market-1633 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Technologies and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NI Demonstrates Wideband 5G Waveform Generation and Measurement Technology for 5G Test Applications Next PostNext Drug Helps Fight Breast Tumors Tied to ‘Cancer Genes’ Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7% by 2021 Global Flight Navigation System Market by Flight Instrument , by Product , by Application and by Geography – Forecast to 2021 Key Players: Honeywell, Moog Inc., Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Esterline Technologies, GE Aviation, Sagem, and Navtech. ” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA , INDIA , June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Synopsis of Global Flight Navigation System Market: The Global Flight Navigation System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 7% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are increasing aircraft fleet, demand for avionics system with gen-next aircraft, demand for accurate flight navigation, capability of handling more air traffic, collision avoidance systems, gyroscopes, and integration of early warning radar. As per the MRFR analysis, factors restraining the market growth are cyber-attack, high cost of autopilot system, and automation safety issue. Demand of non-directional beacon, next generation avionics, and demand for aircraft condition monitoring system (ACMS) are the ongoing trends which will impact the market during the forecast period. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1633 Key Players of Flight Navigation System Market: • Honeywell • Moog Inc. • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Boeing • Esterline Technologies • GE Aviation • Sagem • Navtech Study Objectives of Global Flight Navigation System Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Flight Navigation System Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global Flight Navigation System Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by flight instrument, product, and application. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Flight Navigation System Market. Brief TOC: 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric and Forecasting Model Continue… Target Audience: • Radio and transmitter OEMs • System/Component Suppliers • Potential Investors • Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/flight-navigation-system-market-1633 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Technologies and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NI Demonstrates Wideband 5G Waveform Generation and Measurement Technology for 5G Test Applications Next PostNext Drug Helps Fight Breast Tumors Tied to ‘Cancer Genes’ Search Recent Posts New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 Bas Relief Market by Manufacturers – Stromberg Architectural, Woodland Manufacturing, Yash GRC, Stone Source LLC Bas Relief Market by Manufacturers – Stromberg Architectural, Woodland Manufacturing, Yash GRC, Stone Source LLC RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Champions Trophy 2017 Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan Videos India GSLV Mk III launch: All you need to know about the rocket India Today Television | June 5, 2017 Next Video Maharashtra, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh witness agitations by farmers Share Tweet Embed Light Off Comment Feedback It is India's heaviest rocket. Its weight is equal to 5 fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo Jets. The communication satellite GSAT-19 weighs 3,136 kg. GSAT-19 has a life span of 10 years. It is powered with indigenously made Lithium-ion batteries. The rocket stands 43.43 metres tall. Dubbed as India's 'Rocket of the Future', it can provide internet in space. Its estimated cost is Rs 400 crore. It is India's only rocket capable of manned missions. It may also ferry Indians into space in over 7 years. Next Video ❮ 1 of 7❯ Maharashtra, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh witness agitations by farmers Out on bail, Rahul Gandhi meets farmers, assures them of full support Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath Popular Videos Popular VideosRecent Videos Recent Videos 1 to 4 of 8 Out on bail, Rahul Gandhi meets farmers, assures them of full support Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Ghulaam: Rangeela and Shivani to get married? Ekta Kapoor's birthday party was a rocking affair! Thapki Pyaar Ki: Here's why Aryan cannot trust the new Thapki Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit ❬ ❭ How can you stop me? Rahul Gandhi dares cops as he tries to enter violence-hit Mandsaur Top 5 viral videos of the day: Syrian boy who became the face of war smiling again; more Mandsaur violence: Security tightened in Madhya Pradesh as farmer protests intensify Lal Battis gone, VVIP culture stays: Hooters are netas' answer to beacon ban Summer woes: Severe heat wave grips North India ISRO launches GSLV Mark III with GSAT-19 communication satellite successfully from Sriharikota India Today impact: Crackdown on Yasin Malik, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq; J-K police opposes separatists meet Absconding liquor baron Vijay Mallya spotted at India-Pakistan match ❬ ❭ India Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Cricket Sports World Business IndiaMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Out on bail, Rahul Gandhi meets farmers, assures them of full support Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border Thu, 8 Jun 2017 PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit Thu, 8 Jun 2017 MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath More India videos MoviesMore» Fri, 19 May 2017 WATCH Half Girlfriend movie review: The good and bad in this Arjun-Shraddha film Fri, 19 May 2017 Decoding the success of Aamir Khan's Dangal in China Wed, 17 May 2017 Baahubali 2: Six arrested in Hyderabad for extortion of money from producers Fri, 12 May 2017 WATCH Sarkar 3 review: Amitabh Bachchan is top-notch, but RGV's film is a mess Fri, 12 May 2017 WATCH Meri Pyaari Bindu review: Ayushmann-Parineeti's film is a winner Tue, 2 May 2017 Kajol beef row: Actor clarifies, says it was buffalo meat More Movies videos LifestyleMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Mario's jumpsuit to band-baaja jacket: Ranveer Singh has pulled off some REALLY crazy looks Wed, 7 Jun 2017 Supermodel Lakshi Menon gets candid about her fashion and beauty choices Wed, 7 Jun 2017 Watch: This unique Taiwanese tradition helps you communicate with God Thu, 1 Jun 2017 Watch: Delhi's Golden Couple on the secrets of their 54-year-long romance Tue, 30 May 2017 Here's how Kareena Kapoor Khan is shedding her post-pregnancy weight Wed, 24 May 2017 Watch: Huma Qureshi and Saqib Saleem on being fit and fabulous More Lifestyle videos CricketMore» Tue, 6 Jun 2017 It's impossible to stop Yuvraj Singh when he gets going: Harbhajan Singh to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Virat Kohli passion and emotion reflect in his captaincy: Michael Clarke to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 CoA chief Vinod Rai denies report of rift between Virat Kohli and Anil Kumble Mon, 5 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Yuvraj, Kohli, Rohit star as India crush Pakistan by 124 runs Sun, 4 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Smart bats to track performances Sun, 4 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Security beefed up in Birmingham after London terror attacks More Cricket videos SportsMore» Tue, 6 Jun 2017 It's impossible to stop Yuvraj Singh when he gets going: Harbhajan Singh to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 CoA chief Vinod Rai denies report of rift between Virat Kohli and Anil Kumble Mon, 5 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Funny memes and tweets Mon, 5 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Yuvraj, Kohli, Rohit star as India crush Pakistan by 124 runs Sun, 4 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Smart bats to track performances Sun, 4 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Security beefed up in Birmingham after London terror attacks More Sports videos WorldMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Modi-Nawaz to attend SCO summit: Will hearts meet and what does it mean for India? Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Qatar isolated by Gulf countries; MEA says move won't affect India Wed, 7 Jun 2017 China's media says SOC won't back Pakistan's attempts to internationalise Kashmir Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Pakistan-born London Bridge attacker was earlier filmed praying with ISIS-style flag Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Breakthrough in London attack investigation: 2 attackers identified, 1 was born in Pakistan Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Yemen joins list of nations that have cut ties with Qatar More World videos BusinessMore» Mon, 19 Dec 2016 Digital governance means good governance: Ravi Shankar Prasad at Business Today's Best CEO awards Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: No change in income tax slabs Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: Allocated Rs 55,000 crore for roads and highways, says Jaitley Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: Arun Jaitley's 9 pillars to transform India Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Priority to provide funds to poorer section of society, says Jaitley Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Tax ceiling raised from Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000 for income below Rs 5 lakh per annum: Jaitley More Business videos TOP News Most Read Editor's Picks Farmers' protest in Madhya Pradesh worries other state governments Kerala changes liquor policy, 3-star and above hotels can now serve booze Jammu: Police resort to lathicharge after Congress disrupts train movements to protest Mandsaur deaths Throwback Thursday: When Kareena and Bipasha had a major catfight, and it got physical Moto Z2 Play quick review: Motorola tries the premium play More BJP, RSS want 'one nation, one fuhrer,' says Rahul Gandhi at Chennai party meet Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Will loan waiver solve problems of farmers permanently? Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA More Farmers' protest in Madhya Pradesh worries other state governments Beef fry breakfast effect? Kerala's sole BJP MLA says Modi govt ready to revise cattle slaughter order Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Tamil Nadu: Protest against govt-run liquor shops spreads, revenue loss threat looms large Not hurt by comparison with General Dyer, says Army chief Bipin Rawat More PHOTOS Nach Baliye: Divyanka-Vivek play Shiv Parvati; Sanaya Irani plays acid attack survivor Shakti actress Rubina Dilaik's Bali pictures will inspire serious wanderlust in you Himesh-Komal to Arbaaz-Malaika: B-Town's shocking divorces Shilpa Shetty turns 42: These photos prove that the birthday girl is too hot to handle Nach Baliye: Salman Khan reunites with his Dabangg lady Sonakshi Sinha Mouni Roy to Barkha Bisht: Who portrayed the best goddess Kali on TV? Shweta Tiwari to Shivaji Satam: These TV stars became victims of death hoax Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Li'l Champs: Salman Khan takes blessing of 5-year-old Jayash KumarPrevNext Watch Right Now PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath Modi can waive off rich people's debt worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore, but cant waive off farmers' loans: Rahul Gandhi Bhim Sena chief Chandrashekhar arrested from Dalhousie over Saharanpur clashes So sorry Nitish's skipping Opposition parties' meet called by Sonia shows anti-BJP front not united Top Takes Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border RAF, CRPF deployed ahead of Rahul Gandhi's visit to Mandsaur NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Publications India Today India Today - Hindi Business Today Cosmopolitan Men's Health OddNaari Money Today Prevention Reader's Digest Good Housekeeping Time Harvard Business Review Gadgets & Gizmos LoveSutra Television Aaj Tak Delhi Aaj Tak Tez India Today TV Radio Ishq 104.8FM Education Vasant Valley Online Courses U Learn Today India Today Education Online Shopping Bag It Today India Today Diaries Events Agenda Aajtak India Today Conclave India Today Woman's Summit India Today Youth Summit State Of The States Conclave India Today Education Summit Printing Thomson Press Welfare Care Today Music Music Today Distribution Rate Card DAS Application form Contact persons for DAS phase III Syndications India Today Images Useful Links Dailyo Partners Press Release iChowk FeedbackPrevNext Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Telegraph Connect Small business Home About Membership Driving growth Ops and logistics Business support Starting up Tech Innovation International trade Business networks Business solutions Scaling up Marketing More Telegraph Telegraph Connect Small business Higgidy founder: 'Staying firm on prices has protected our brand' Shares 'Keeping our manufacturing in-house was essential,' says Higgidy's founder, Camilla Stephens Credit: Higgidy Anna Isaac 5 June 2017 • 3:00pm Camilla Stephens, founder of the pie company, discusses the importance of food fairs early on, being brave enough to turn down business, and baking her way to success. What’s your business background? I struggled at school. I wasn’t academic. I tried A-levels, but after two terms, I realised that it wasn’t for me. I just wanted to cook, so with that aim, I studied for a year at Leith’s cookery school. I was one of the youngest students that it ever had and I absolutely loved it. I found my groove. From there I went to Good Housekeeping magazine, where I wrote regular recipes. I then took a year out to live in Seattle, which was an inspiring place. It’s home to massive brand names, such as Boeing and Starbucks. I fell in love with the coffee culture there. After reading about the Seattle Coffee Company setting up in London, I wrote to it about my interest, and it offered me a job. My role was to was to find small bakeries that could support and build the brand, which grew and was eventually bought by Starbucks. Join the community | Share your small business story I stayed on and worked on its food offering, ultimately becoming Starbucks UK's head of food. I had swiftly moved from a start-up to a huge company. How did Higgidy come about? In 2001, I was thinking about whether I wanted to stay at a large company or move on. Then I hit upon pies. So much of the food in that area had an incredibly blokey, chip shop-like offering. It was, quite literally, a beige market. I wanted to breathe life into what was a dull category. I had seen the same happen with Kettle Chips and crisps, and Green and Blacks and chocolate. There was an opportunity to bring that same life and energy into the world of pies. I thought about what I, as a consumer, would want to buy. Pies were traditionally covered, with pastry lids. I wondered if we could rethink them. So I started testing my ideas by baking in my kitchen. As the product came together, I went to a food expo and presented my more modern and colourful pies, Higgidy, as a business. It was there that I met Faith McArthur [co-founder of EAT], who asked if I would be able to supply the cafe chain. So in 2003, I started a small production kitchen on the south east coast and supplied EAT. For three years, we didn’t have a brand as such. It was a white label business, supplying pies to garden centres, farm shops and larger contracts. In an area where margins are already tight, we could have ended up with a business that didn’t make sense How important is it for a fledgling food company to attend fairs? It was crucial for us, as I met a key contact at EAT. But that pace of growth was actually quite tough; there was a lot to learn. At first, the company wasn’t at all profitable; there was serious work to do on costings and margins. There were some scary moments in those early days, but they came with invaluable lessons. People who want to make something and take it from their kitchen to a serious business must think hard about building a production unit. It’s very expensive. My husband, James [Foottit, Higgidy co-owner], and I owned our own homes and it took the sale of those to fund our production facility. It can also be scary to have your own unit – you will always be caught between not having enough space and too much, depending on demand. What was your biggest business decision? Whether or not to keep the manufacturing of our products in house or outsource it. We actually went against the advice that we received, which was definitely to outsource. To control the quality of what we create as a company, keeping our manufacturing in-house was essential. It’s also a sector with very little margin, so I’m not convinced that outsourcing would have helped us. What challenges has Higgidy faced? There have been times, particularly as we’re at the top end of the market, where we’ve been really pushed hard on our prices. We have stay strong and resisted that pressure, but it has meant losing some business, which is tough. But it makes you resourceful and we’ve come out stronger. It’s a slippery slope if you give up margin. In an area where they're already tight, we could have ended up with a business that didn’t make sense. Staying firm on prices has protected our brand. We’ve got really strong supplier relationships; you need to be very close. I know our chicken supplier, who’s local, really well. You have to build a sense of mutual loyalty. We have two children [Kate, 10, and Jack, eight]. There’s never a perfect balance between parenting and business. James and I have by no means got it all worked out, but I’m glad that my kids can see me working. Because I’m my own boss, I can fit work around sports day. Quick-fire questions | Camilla Stephens Share this article Shares Follow Telegraph Small Business Connect Follow on Twitter View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy NEW STORIES FROM SMALL BUSINESS CONNECT 07 Jun 2017, 10:30am How to gather the right data for business operations 06 Jun 2017, 2:00pm On what kind of business growth should we focus our energies? 06 Jun 2017, 10:00am Great service doesn't come from laying down lots of rules Interview 02 Jun 2017, 11:30am Surgical robots created in the UK set to challenge Google 02 Jun 2017, 10:30am SMEs get creative to dodge poor mobile signals 01 Jun 2017, 1:30pm Three ways that entrepreneurs are combatting loneliness 31 May 2017, 1:00pm Is a cooperative model right for your SME? Interview 30 May 2017, 11:10am Energy chief: Customers have the best ideas 30 May 2017, 11:10am How to start a business alongside a day job 30 May 2017, 9:50am How can I properly value my business before selling it? Follow Telegraph Small Business Connect Follow on Twitter More from Small Business Connect 07 Jun 2017, 10:30am How to gather the right data for business operations 06 Jun 2017, 2:00pm On what kind of business growth should we focus our energies? 06 Jun 2017, 10:00am Great service doesn't come from laying down lots of rules Interview 02 Jun 2017, 11:30am Surgical robots created in the UK set to challenge Google 02 Jun 2017, 10:30am SMEs get creative to dodge poor mobile signals 01 Jun 2017, 1:30pm Three ways that entrepreneurs are combatting loneliness 31 May 2017, 1:00pm Is a cooperative model right for your SME? Interview 30 May 2017, 11:10am Energy chief: Customers have the best ideas 30 May 2017, 11:10am How to start a business alongside a day job 30 May 2017, 9:50am How can I properly value my business before selling it? Interview 26 May 2017, 10:00am Meet the mattress maker hoping to bed down in the high street 26 May 2017, 9:30am A year's unpaid leave for carers – what do SMEs think? Interview 23 May 2017, 12:30pm Why every successful company must have creativity at its heart 23 May 2017, 10:30am How SMEs are reducing their environmental impact 23 May 2017, 9:00am To make the big business decisions, find peace, quiet and time to think 22 May 2017, 2:40pm Is the UK a ‘fat and lazy’ trading nation? 22 May 2017, 2:40pm Five tips on international trading for SMEs 19 May 2017, 5:10pm Should interviewee feedback be mandatory? 19 May 2017, 11:00am Transforming my dad's design vision into a multi-million pound firm 18 May 2017, 5:00pm Design, data and customer service: three online business basics Small Business Connect Join the community today for free business advice and support Sign up Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 15 commercial products invented for the military 24/7 Wall St. Evan Comen 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 20 facts about McDonald's history that may surprise you Click to expand Replay Video Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' One of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises has yet to come to fruition. But Trump has a new idea for the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico that might help him keep his promise. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. But as Graham Mackay reports, Horgos, the youngest city of China's new Silk Road, is not all it seems. Reuters 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US These nine jobs could be on their way out, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' occupational outlook data. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO 5 everyday inventions you didn’t know came from DARPA Business Insider See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' Veuer0:58 Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Reuters1:48 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US Business Insider2:23 GE factory jobs move from Wisconsin to Canada CNN Money4:31 What gas inventories say about oil supply and demand Bloomberg2:50 Hyperloop One goes from London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes Wochit Tech0:59 Michelle Obama tells Apple: You won't get my money unless you include more women CNBC0:43 How charities need to change to end poverty The Wall Street Journal.2:25 Caesars Entertainment seeing growth in Las Vegas Fox Business4:33 Smart tap aims to serve 'perfect' beer BBC News1:59 Here's where Americans say they waste the most money CNBC0:47 Uber's no good, very bad year so far The Washington Post2:36 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Reuters0:59 Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? The Washington Post1:07 5 online mistakes that are costing you money The Wall Street Journal.1:43 New Supreme Court case could reshape cellphone privacy laws Newsy0:40 UP NEXT Video by Business Insider The U.S. military spent $178 billion on research, development, and procurement in the 2016 fiscal year. While most funds invested in new military capabilities are spent on major weapons programs, a number of military inventions over the years also had civilian applications. In fact, some of the most widely used commercial products today were originally developed for the purpose of defending the country. 24/7 Wall St. identified 15 such products. The federal government has always been the most powerful and resource-rich entity in the United States. As a result, the military has had the means to make incredibly large investments, either through its own research agencies or through contracts with private companies. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), which was involved in major innovations such as the internet, is behind two products on this list: GPS and the Aspen Movie Map, a precursor to Google’s Street View. The private and public spheres are closely interwoven in what is known as the military-industrial complex. Click ahead to see 15 commercial products invented for use by the military. 1. Drones © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1863 The origin of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) dates back to the middle of the U.S. Civil War in 1863, when New York City inventor Charles Perley patented a hot air balloon that functioned as an unmanned aerial bomber. The balloons may have been used by both Union and Confederate forces but were unreliable and extremely dangerous for users. UAVs would not be used again by the military until the development of radio control at the turn of the 20th century. The United States has been increasingly using UAVs -- also known as drones -- in military operations in recent years. More than 10,000 U.S. military flight drones are used for surveillance and combat purposes. Drones are now used in a wide range of commercial applications as well, including crop growth monitoring and watering, surveying, filmmaking, law enforcement, and personal enjoyment by hobbyists. 2. Undershirts © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1904 People have been wearing undergarments of one kind or another for thousands of years. However, it was not until they were made part of the official Navy uniform in 1905 that cotton, T-shaped undershirts were widely produced or worn. In the previous year, the Cooper Underwear Company marketed a cotton pullover to male bachelors with no sewing skills. The pullover T-shirt served as a simpler alternative to higher-maintenance traditional button up shirts. As for a number of other products on this list, the convenience and practicality of these garments appealed immediately to the military. In the case of undershirts, their use in the Navy popularized the term crewneck shirt. 3. Instant coffee © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1910 The roots of instant coffee may be traced back to 1771 in Britain, although some form of the coffee is claimed to have emerged in a number of other countries at varying periods. In the United States, instant coffee was first mass produced in 1910 and was received poorly by ordinary consumers. The military, however, greatly appreciated the convenience and versatility of instant coffee. According to Nestle, the entire production of its U.S. instant coffee plant, around 1 million cases, was reserved for the military in a single year during World War II. According to market research firm Euromonitor International, today nearly half of the world prefers instant coffee. On the other hand, instant coffee accounts for a relatively small share of the U.S. coffee market. 4. Feminine hygiene products © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1914 The earliest evidence of tampon-like feminine hygiene products dates back to Europe in the 18th and 19th centuries, but the modern tampon has its roots in World War I. Until the 1920s, there was no ubiquitous form of menstrual absorption products, and many women relied on homemade products. During World War I, a cheap alternative padding was developed when a cotton supply shortage increased the demand for other forms of cheap bandaging. Under a government contract, Kimberly-Clark Co. was able to manufacture cellucotton, an absorbent material made from wood pulp. The material caught the attention of Red Cross nurses, who began to utilize cellucotton wads during menstruation. After the war, Kimberly-Clark repurposed cellucotton to make sanitary napkins and Kotex pads. While today it is estimated that 70% of women of menstruating age use tampons, many drug and department stores initially refused to carry the Kotex pads due to sensitivity to the issue. 5. Aviator sunglasses © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1930s Today an iconic fashion item, the characteristic shape and dark lenses of aviator sunglasses were once necessary protection for test pilots subject to the dangerously bright sunlight of the upper atmosphere. In the 1930s, optics manufacturer Bausch & Lomb developed aviator goggles under the direction of the U.S. Army Air Corps. Bausch & Lomb rebranded the sunglasses in 1937 as Ray-Ban -- as they banish the sun’s rays -- and sold them to the civilian population. By World War II, aviators were a standard accessory for U.S. soldiers. The glasses were further popularized by Hollywood stars in the 1950s, and the cultural vanguard continued to wear them throughout the decades. 6. Jeep © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1940 In World War II, the U.S. Army had a need for a light reconnaissance vehicle and asked automakers to develop prototypes and submit proposals. The government chose the design of American Bantam car company -- a four-wheel drive vehicle with a top speed of 65 mph. The automobile’s namesake, General Purpose, was abbreviated to G.P. and eventually nicknamed jeep. The jeep proved an invaluable contribution to the U.S. military effort, with then General Dwight D. Eisenhower stating that “America could not have won World War II without it.” The company manufactured more than 600,000 jeeps during the war, and later sold the postwar surplus to the public rather cheaply. Today, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles sells Jeeps. While the military use of jeeps has dwindled since World War II, U.S. sales of the Jeep Wrangler -- which bears many of the design characteristics of the original -- exceeded 200,000 units in 2016. 7. Aerosol bug spray © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1941 In World War II, soldiers stationed in the South Pacific needed an easy way to kill mosquitos, which could potentially carry malaria. In a partnership with the Department of Defense, two scientists with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Lyle Goodhue and William Sullivan, took on the task of developing a way to deliver insecticide as a fine mist. The first aerosol can was patented in 1941 and nicknamed “bug bomb” by soldiers. The partnership between the USDA and the DoD has yielded other life-saving innovations, including the use of DDT in controlling typhus. In 1949, engineer and veteran Robert Abplanalp patented a cheaper plastic aerosol valve meant for commercial mass production. He started the Precision Valve Corp. to market the invention and turned a profit almost immediately. The aerosol can has since been refined and is now less harmful to the environment. 8. Duct tape © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1942 During World War II, the U.S. military was in need of a durable adhesive tape that could maintain its bond under harsh field conditions. The military asked Johnson & Johnson Co. to develop the idea, and initially called it duck tape for its waterproof nature. Civilians began to utilize the product heavily during the postwar housing boom, when it was used to seal central air and heating systems. Duck tape was used in ductwork so much that it was renamed and recolored to match the silver metallic color of HVAC systems. Known for its versatile uses, duct tape has recently taken on another life as material used in a variety of personal products, including wallets, bags and phone cases. Multiple companies, including Scotch and Duck Brand, now manufacture duct tape. 9. Super glue © Wikimedia Commons> Date invented: 1942 Eastman Kodak was one of many companies that contributed to the war effort during World War II. In 1942, while testing a variety of compounds for use in a plastic rifle sight, Dr. Harry Coover a company chemist, inadvertently created cyanoacrylate, a compound later marketed as Super Glue. The material was incredibly durable but was dismissed for being too sticky. When a colleague was testing cyanoacrylate nine years later, Dr. Coover had another encounter with the material. As the colleague complained the compound ruined his equipment, Coover realized its commercial potential. Super Glue was first sold as a commercial product in 1958. The product was eventually adopted by military surgeons during the Vietnam War, who would spray it over wounds to stop bleeding instantly. 10. Silly Putty © https://www.flickr.com/photos/pugno_muliebriter/> Date invented: 1943 In the 1940s, the United States needed a new source of rubber after Japan had invaded Malaysia and cut off U.S. supply of the material. The War Production Board asked the nation’s industries for help. A chemist at General Electric came up with a stretchy, bouncy material made of boric acid and silicone oil. While highly unique, the material had no military application. The material caught on, however, after GE executives began showing it off at cocktail parties and one interested party, adman Peter Hodgson, bought the manufacturing rights and changed the name to Silly Putty. The product, packaged in small plastic eggs as a toy, began selling in 1950 and immediately caught on. In 1968, astronauts on the Apollo 8 mission used Silly Putty to help keep their instruments in place. Since 1950, the company has sold more than 350 million Silly Putty eggs. 11. Frozen juice concentrate © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1945 In 1943, the USDA and the Florida Citrus Commission set to work on the development of a frozen juice concentrate that could be sent to U.S. soldiers overseas. At the time of their collaboration, orange juice that had been frozen and thawed would turn an unappetizing brown color. The thawed juice also developed a bitter taste, prompting soldiers to nickname the beverage “battery acid.” Eventually, USDA scientists discovered that adding a dash of fresh orange juice to the concentrate before freezing it preserved its flavor. The process was patented in 1945 but made available to any public or private entity that wished to use it. Minute Maid began selling frozen juice products commercially in 1946. In 2014, orange juice was the most commonly consumed fruit product in the United States, with the average citizen drinking 31.3 pounds of juice annually. 12. Microwave oven © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1946 Microwave technology was originally used as a radar to help locate enemies during World War II. The ability of microwaves to cook food was discovered by accident. While conducting research on microwave radar technology, an engineer at defense contractor Raytheon Company noticed that a candy bar in his pocket had melted. This led to the realization that microwave equipment could be repurposed to heat and cook foods. Later that year, Raytheon Company filed the first patent for a microwave oven. The first commercial microwave was manufactured in 1954 and was about the size of a refrigerator. Today, more than nine in 10 U.S. households own a microwave oven. The technology is one of many military inventions that have shaped the American kitchen and kitchens worldwide. 13. GPS © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1960 Humans have been navigating the land and the sea for thousands of years, using more and more advanced methods to determine their position. In the 1960s, the DoD developed the original Global Positioning System (GPS). The idea was to use satellites to determine a user’s position on Earth by measuring his or her distance from three peripheral satellites in a process known as trilateration. The system would require 24 satellites. While the system became fully operational in March 1994, it captured the public’s interest long before then. President Ronald Reagan first ensured civil applications of GPS in 1983, after an incident where a Korean airliner that strayed off course and was shot down by the Soviet Union demonstrated the need for better navigational technology. The public received a comprehensive preview of the technology during the Gulf War, when soldiers used GPS to navigate across deserts and target enemies with an accuracy that was previously impossible. Today, GPS technology is used in consumer products such as cars and phones, as well as applications like earthquake research and geocaching. 14. Boeing 747 © Thinkstock> Date invented: 1968 Boeing is one of the world’s largest weapons manufacturers. Unlike many other defense contractors, the aerospace behemoth also has a major presence in non-military markets. The Boeing 747 commercial airliner is perhaps the company’s most iconic product. Like most commercial jets in use today, the 747's design is based on the Boeing 707, which can be traced to the Boeing 367-80. This model, nicknamed the Dash 80, was developed in secrecy by Boeing and unveiled in 1954. The plane was originally meant to test the long-range jet engine technology and was intended to be sold as a military tanker transport. That year, the U.S. Air Force ordered 29 of the jets, called KC-135. Today, versions of the 747 are used by most major commercial airliners as well as by the military, including a version used as Air Force One. 15. Google Street View © Wikimedia Commons> Date invented: 1978 The technological precursors of Google’s Street View can be traced back to 1978, when a group of Massachusetts Institute of Technology researchers mapped Aspen, Colorado with 16mm stop-frame cameras. The project, called the Aspen Movie Map, was funded by DARPA’s Cybernetics Technology Office. The military was interested in the mapping to improve training simulations. The researchers used cameras mounted on cars not unlike the vehicles Google uses to create Street View. Unlike most of the products on this list, the development of Google Street View is not directly a product of its precursor, Aspen Movie Map. Google asserts that Street View originated in a project at Stanford University. By now, much of the planet has been photographed and mapped. Not only the military uses Street View to simulate combat situations and for other applications, but the public as well. Today, people can experience the world without leaving their home. Detailed Findings and Methodology: The military contracted out or sold many of these inventions to private companies. One exception is the modern GPS network. It was developed in the 1970s by Department of Defense (DoD) researchers and was built over the following two decades. The technology, initially designed as a guidance and tracking system for fighter planes, boats, and missiles, is today used in many civilian applications from personal to commercial aircraft navigation systems. In other cases, the military became the primary consumer of a product shortly after it was invented by a private company. The government did not ask Boeing to develop the model 367-80 airplane, the prototype for the 747, but as soon as the plane demonstrated its utility the military purchased 29 of them. Similarly, the Jeep was designed by a company called American Bantam. The all-terrain scout vehicle was widely used by the military in World War II and eventually became very popular among ordinary consumers. Many of these products appealed to civilians for the same reasons they appealed to soldiers. American consumers value convenience, affordability, and ease of use -- qualities essential in a military setting. Instant coffee, for example, gained popularity during World War I, when it was likely the only option for soldiers living in trenches. Today, instant coffee is a popular choice for civilians who prefer its price and convenience over fresh coffee options. Further, there is often an aesthetic appeal to military products, and many were popularized by military use. The rugged soldier aesthetic of items such as aviator sunglasses and Jeeps were largely behind the success of these products. The commercial use of these products was often completely different from their intended military function. What eventually became feminine hygiene products under the Kotex brand was originally medical gauze developed for the military during World War I. Silly Putty was invented as a possible substitute for rubber. While it failed in this regard, it became a popular toy. Unlike years past, these days the flow of innovations is increasingly reversed -- from civilian to military application. The size of the consumer electronics market has far exceeded the military’s new technology budget, and the capacity for innovation in the private sector has likely surpassed the public sector. While the military dedicated $12.3 billion to research on new science and technology in 2016, the three largest corporate spenders -- Samsung, Intel, and Apple -- spent a combined $32.9 billion on consumer electronics R&D that year. As private companies outspend and out-innovate the federal government, products first marketed to Americans are continuously being repurposed for the military. 24/7 Wall St. reviewed products that were developed for military use either by the military or by contractors and became a popular civilian products. We also considered products that originated in the private sector but were popularized as a result of military use. We excluded products where the military or contractors only played a part in the development of the product, as was the case with the computer and the internet. The products are ordered by invention dates of their precursors. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from 247wallst 12 mistakes to avoid if you win tomorrow's $375 million jackpot 24/7 Wall St. Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 24/7 Wall St. Airbus mulls A380 production cut to less than one a month 24/7 Wall St. 24/7 Wall St. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Surface Pro: The most versatile laptop Dell Dual Video USB 3.0 Docking Station, $89.99 Game on the go with a new Windows 10 PC This mouse works on virtually any surface Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Facts 2017-06-05T16:18+02:00 16:18 05.06.2017 Bellingcat publishes photo of Buk 332 taken before MH17 tragedy The British investigative journalists group Bellingcat has found a photo of the Buk 323 missile launcher of the Russian 53rd anti-aircraft missile brigade taken before the launcher was used to down the MH17 passenger flight in Donetsk region in 2014. Following a tip from a Twitter user, Bellingcat was able to find the photograph that shows white transport markings on Buk 332 from before the June 2014 convoy, the journalist team said in a report published on their website. "A photograph taken by a Russian mechanic, likely in the spring of 2013, shows Buk 332 with the same white transport markings that were on the Buk while in Ukraine shortly before and after the downing of MH17. This photograph is the last discovered image of Buk 332, showing its non-obscured unit designation and transport markings, before the June 2014 convoy, when the middle digit of its unit designation was painted over," the report reads. The mechanic's initially discovered photo album was uploaded in February 2015, but doesn't give the mechanic's name or information about when or where the photographs were taken, Bellingcat said. "Bellingcat managed to identify the mechanic and located several of his social media profiles. One of these social media profiles shows the Buk 332 photograph, and another social media profile shows two photographs that also are visible in his 2015 album," the report reads. The investigators concluded the photograph was almost certainly taken in 2013, but there is a remote possibility that it was taken in spring 2014. According to the Bellingcat report, the ground-to-air Buk missile that downed the Boeing was delivered to Ukraine from Russia. The place of the missile launch was Pervomaiske village, located in an area of eastern Ukraine occupied by Russian hybrid forces. Some 100 individuals have been implicated of involvement in the launching of the missile. As earlier reported, the Boeing 777 belonging to Malaysia Airlines flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) was shot out of the sky killing all 298 passengers on board. The international joint investigatory group (Joint Investigation Team, JIT), which is comprised of prosecutors and law-enforcement officials from Ukraine, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia, and Malaysia, as well as EU legal officials, on September 28, 2016 presented its findings in the criminal investigation of the tragedy. "The JIT concluded that MH17 was downed by a rocket, Series 9M38, launched from a self-propelled ground-to-missile launcher BUK-TELAR, in a farming area in the region of Pervomaiske village. The area is currently held by pro-Russian militant groups. Investigators said missile complex was delivered to Ukraine from the Russian Federation and returned there after the downing," the findings said. In mid-November 2016, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said that investigators had established the names of a hundred individuals suspected of involvement in the crime and that they will be named in 2017. Facts Загрузка... ADVERTISING ADVERTISING IMPORTANT Rada restores Ukraine's course for NATO membership as foreign policy priority British embassy sends Ukraine's NABU info on Narirov's passport Groysman on resignations of Kutoviy, Stets: I am not for it, but must accept this Health reform bill on state financial guarantees for medical services passes first reading Georgian president, Ukrainian defense minister in Tbilisi discuss situation in Donbas LATEST Opposition Bloc calls for Ukraine's neutral status Ukrainian detectives given access to U.S. Embassy premises to investigate overnight blast Militants destroy civilian houses to create false 'news' U.S. Embassy in Kyiv operating as usual U.S. embassy in Kyiv says it doesn't see overnight explosion as terrorist act ADVERTISING Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus Customer Login: Newswires Terminal Stock Market УКР РУС ENG Press Center Products & Services About agency Home Facts Economy Video Sport Trial Access Special Topics: Visa-free Crimea Syria IMF Sanctions Rada ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING UKR.NET- новости со всей Украины. ADVERTISING WEATHER изучение английского Спортивное питание ADVERTISING Press Center Products & Services Mobile Version Jobs About agency © 1992-2016, Интерфакс-Украина. Все права защищены Вся информация, размещенная на данном веб-сайте, предназначена только для персонального использования и не подлежит дальнейшему воспроизведению и/или распространению в какой-либо форме, иначе как с письменного разрешения "Интерфакс-Украина". Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 Cares KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Contact Us Closed captioning Advertise With Us KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle The Daily 2 Secure Medicine Return Summer Internship Program Housing Profiles More Construction set to begin on passenger terminal at Everett's Paine Field by: KIRO 7 News Staff Updated: Jun 5, 2017 - 9:11 AM EVERETT, Wash. - After decades of debate, passenger airline service out of Everett's Paine Field will take a giant step forward Monday. Construction is set to begin on a brand new passenger terminal with a groundbreaking ceremony. Related Headlines Controversial new passenger terminal unveiled at Paine Field Commercial flights at Paine Field clear another hurdle VIDEO: Commercial flights at Paine Field closer to being a reality It's a substantial moment, because there's been fierce debate over the years about allowing commercial airline passenger service out of Paine Field. Additional noise and congestion are the regular complaints. Known primarily as the airport that Boeing uses for its Everett operations, Paine Field is a regular aviation and industrial airport, run by Snohomish County. The 29,000-square-foot terminal will have two gates and areas for check-ins and security screening. Alaska Airlines recently announced it would be the first carrier to provide commercial service from Paine Field. The airline said it will run nine flights a day from a new commercial terminal at Paine Field starting in 2018, designed to serve a market of a million people living in North King County and Snohomish County. Alaska has not yet announced where Paine Field flights will go, but the airline says it will be a mix of business and vacation destinations. Howard Mann, Air Service Development Consultant for Campbell-Hill Aviation Group, said Seattle is a big market to only have a single airport. "Its peers in the United States have more than one scheduled airport," Mann said. Sea-Tac is setting growth records and could eventually run out of room, increasing pressure for new options. The City of Mukilteo has long fought commercial flights at Paine Field, and has a court case pending. "The city believes this announcement is premature. We are actively appealing the environmental determination that allows terminal construction," said Mayor Jennifer Gregerson. Noise has been a big concern from neighbors. Alaska says its flights will increase air traffic at Paine Field just 6 percent. The airline says fares from Everett will be similar to what passengers now pay at Sea-Tac. For more information about the terminal project, visit http://www.snohomishcountywa.gov/3651/Propeller-Project-at-Paine-Field   © 2017 Cox Media Group. Construction set to begin on passenger terminal at Everett's Paine Field Woman credits app for helping her track burglary suspect Skier rescued from Mount Baker after falling into crevasse Couple finds own stolen vehicle, holds suspect at gunpoint Deputy sentenced to jail after causing crash that cost man his legs News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE Lowest international bid for 200MW Dubai solar power plant Egypt imposes tariffs on Chinese, Turkish, and Ukrainian steel Green initiative: Solar panels to power four malls in UAE Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties Kremlin spurns speculation of Rosneft stake buyback from Qatar Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Exchange shut down by UAE Central Bank begins giving back money Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market China Construction Bank lists bond on Nasdaq Dubai ADIB, Thomson Reuters present fifth Ethical Finance Innovation Awards Dubai Islamic Bank gives Zakat money to Ras al-Khaimah charity Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Facebook launches features to connect U.S. users to elected officials Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top 1million units Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Trump offers to help resolve Gulf crisis Syria peace talks in Astana postponed Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Pro-Assad alliance threatens to hit U.S. positions in Syria Syrian refugees in Lebanon & Jordan could lose assistance, warns UN Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month Morocco parliament passes delayed 2017 budget Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Dubai index sees turnaround in trend on blue chip buying Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Oil rises off one-month lows struck after surprise stock build Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Egypt's new steel tariffs in effect as of June 6 -trade ministry Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Municipality meets with real estate developers in Dubai Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub UAE postal group suspends services to Qatar Controversy: UAE telecom regulator questioned on ‘bad habits’ cinema promo Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities: report Passengers stranded at Saudi airports Saudi rights activist who fought driving ban arrested again Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins What does a CEO look like? DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Interactive instrument uses music for child therapy and learning Chronic pain tied to faster memory decline in old age Abu Dhabi approves fee hikes for 24 private schools Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins Video games deliver hope to Syrian refugees Rockefeller art collection to be auctioned benefiting charities TV remains a favoured shopping medium in Gulf Archaeologists discover Aztec ball court in heart of Mexico City Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great outdoors Madinah 'Tourist Bus' runs pilot trip Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Take a vacation? Not me, says action star Tom Cruise Tight security in Paris as Ariana Grande resumes Europe tour DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Amal Clooney, Beyonce's twins turn motherhood into summer blockbuster Pakistan back in the race as rain helps their cause Formula One statistics for the Canadian Grand Prix Workers bowled over by cricket nights AFC monitoring Qatar crisis, hoping to minimize impact on matches Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Business Article aviation India's Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources 05 June, 2017 By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI, June 5 (Reuters) - Jet Airways Ltd , India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. Boeing declined to comment. Advertisement Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing 20 percent-plus per annum thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India plans to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines , could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Mark Potter) ((aditi.shah@tr.com; +91-11-4954 8023, +91-11-3015 8023; Reuters Messaging: aditi.shah.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net; twitter: @aditishahsays)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: india uae Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Nicholas Polley as General Counsel 1 hour ago Chestertons appoints new head for MENA brokerage 1 day ago Cisco Saudi Arabia appoints engineer Haytham AlOhali Managing Director 1 day ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR Digital Republic Linked by Isobar appointed as digital creative agency for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority Digital Republic linked by Isobar to give digital creative, social media services for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Authority. 1 day ago Goh Choon Phong New IATA Chairman Goh Choon Phong, CEO of Singapore Airlines, Chairman of IATA Board of Governors for a one-year term. 1 day ago  from Four Communications Group Cerner Middle East & Africa healthcare strengthens client alignment with the appointment of new leadership roles 06 Jun 2017  from Orient Planet Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Bulawayo24 NEWS News Local Regional National Africa Education Health Religion International Agriculture Press Release Live APO Sports Local Soccer Cricket Basketball Rugby Schools Live Other Business Local Companies Economy International Your Money Lifestyle Dose of Encouragement Eats Fashion Health Travel and Tourism Relationships Comics Photos Opinion Columnist Interviews Speeches Letters Blogs Book Reviews Religion Women's Corner WhatsApp Updates Bereavements Entertainment Music Celebrity Movies Games TV Guide Arts Radio Shows Events Team Bulawayo Weekend Guide Technology Motors Camera Internet Mobile phone Computers Software Robotics Science Other Videos News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Tourism Health Documentary Viral Menu Home News Sports Business Lifestyle Opinion Entertainment Technology Videos Latest Stories Latest News Editor's Choice Columnist Interviews Speeches Letters Blogs Book Reviews Religion Women's Corner WhatsApp Updates Bereavements Opinion / Columnist Mugabe Oceans Summit attendance a sign of madness by Jacob Mafume 05 Jun 2017 at 13:51hrs | Views Lyssa the Greek god of madness continues to reign supreme. As we said before the gods of dementia continue to unleash their angels on the motherland intoxicating in the process the native, his goats, his rats and pigs.   Mugabe once again has pulled another shocker by taking a civilian brigade of his surrogates for a holiday trip on tax payer's account; he took with him 50 people to a United Nations-hosted oceans summit in the United States.   Derangement has taken over the Munhumutapa building as well as the dungeons of Chancellor Avenue. Mugabe's misplaced decisions are a scourge and a disease which must be fought not only by political parties but  everyone who loves this country.   Mugabe's trip defies logic, we mentioned in the press today, "unless if we want to annex a neighbouring country and administer its oceans, then what are we doing there. Maybe, Mugabe got confused when he officially opened Tokwe Mukosi Dam. He probably thought that Zimbabwe had built an ocean against the wishes of the imperialists."   The People's Democratic Party is aware that Mugabe uses more than five million dollars to for each state visit he takes, when hospitals cannot afford to procure basic painkillers .   The costs are going up considering the fact that Mugabe now prefers to hire private planes due to the depletion of the Air Zimbabwe fleet which has since been declared unsafe by many countries including the United States which is the mother country of Boeing the manufacturer of the plane which Mugabe used to take for his infinite trips abroad.   We have always stated that Mugabe's trips are an unnecessary strain on the National fiscus.   We are concerned by ZANUPF's failure to seek treatment to cure themselves from the disease called Fiscalities which is the belief that money grows on trees and that one can just continuously spend oblivious of the source.   As of April 2017 the budget deficit had risen to 43% by Chinamasa's own confirmation, such an admission could have been followed by measures of drastic expenditure retrenchment starting with unnecessary overseas trips. Surprisingly Mugabe has actually increased his propensity to travel.   Then there is the issue of the raiding of depositors funds kept at the RBZ in form of RTGS balances, this act has crippled the banking sector with a liquidity crisis which has ground the economy to a halt.   Mugabe and team continue to use the few dollars in circulation to fund their trips; this will only worsen the crisis much to the detriment of the working people who will have to continue sleeping on banking queues.   The IMF recently warned that excessive government spending, if continued, could exacerbate the cash scarcity, further jeopardize the health of the external and financial sectors, and, ultimately, fuel inflation.   This advice has again fallen on the deaf ears of Mugabe and his cabal who cannot sacrifice their personal greed for the recovery of the economy.   The man from the Central Republic of Zvimba in March 2016 again left Zimbabwe for India to attend a low-key World Culture Festival leaving surprisingly leaving behind Culture Minister Abednego Ncube.   He even went to India way ahead of schedule much to our amusement, that a President of a whole country can get excited by the mere idea of attending an Indian Shoko Festival.   Our call goes to Zimbabweans to unite and form a formidable force against dictatorship, Mugabe must go. Deposing him is the only method which can give Zimbabwe the opportunity to open a new chapter into renaissance.   Together Another Zimbabwe is Possible Jacob Mafume PDP Spokeperson Join Bulawayo24 Online Community Source - Jacob Mafume All articles and letters published on Bulawayo24 have been independently written by members of Bulawayo24's community. The views of users published on Bulawayo24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of Bulawayo24. Bulawayo24 editors also reserve the right to edit or delete any and all comments received. More on: #Jacob_Mafume, #Mugabe, #Summit, #PDP Recommended Comments Double door fridge on sale Double door fridge on sale Drip irrigation line Drip irrigation line Timberland boots on sale Timberland boots on sale Borehole drilling Borehole drilling Greenhouses and irrigation Greenhouses and irrigation Versed e1 tablet on sale Versed e1 tablet on sale Khaya arts for quality entertainment Khaya arts for quality entertainment Marlborough 3 bedroom house to rent Marlborough 3 bedroom house to rent Live Updates Subscribe Email: Must Read LISTEN: Eyewitness reacts to 'King Lion' bus accident, over 40 people die 16 mins ago | 151 Views $38,000 mayoral mansion curtains cause a stink 41 mins ago | 117 Views South Africa bans chicken imports from Zimbabwe 60 mins ago | 236 Views I did not invite myself to the Oceans summit, Cdes 1 hr ago | 227 Views 'We've destroyed indigenisation' 1 hr ago | 82 Views ZNCC to host business awards event in Bulawayo 1 hr ago | 27 Views Increasing budget deficit a sign of Zanu-PF madness 1 hr ago | 47 Views Upcoming Kalanga gathering gathers gomentum in UK 1 hr ago | 189 Views Kombi crushes baby to death 2 hrs ago | 466 Views ZAPU youth front says no to ZANU Cold War threats 2 hrs ago | 293 Views Women electoral convergence (WEC 18) programme targeting 2 m female voters launched 3 hrs ago | 93 Views Tsvangirai to address Gweru rally on Saturday 3 hrs ago | 386 Views BREAKING: Zimbabwe bus accident kills 43 4 hrs ago | 4481 Views Sports Bar establishments application for Mpopoma irks Councillors 5 hrs ago | 633 Views How do we attract Zimbabweans in the Diaspora back home? 5 hrs ago | 1353 Views Zanu-PF youths threaten 'to take up arms' 7 hrs ago | 1896 Views UN Africa forum launches high-level migration panel to help create political momentum for change 7 hrs ago | 181 Views Zimbabwe averts power cuts 7 hrs ago | 484 Views Mujuru, Tsvangirai set for collision course 8 hrs ago | 1003 Views Biti want law to restrict Mugabe trips 8 hrs ago | 653 Views Tsvangirai in catch 22 8 hrs ago | 1184 Views Mnangagwa convicted 8 hrs ago | 816 Views Woman 'rapes' hubby's nephew 8 hrs ago | 1119 Views Mujuru, Khupe date Bulawayo 8 hrs ago | 910 Views Chief threatens to sue NPP member over impersonation 8 hrs ago | 240 Views 'Smuggling crippling industrial viability' 8 hrs ago | 160 Views Kidnap duo arrested 8 hrs ago | 404 Views State sues 'ghost' worker 8 hrs ago | 555 Views Jonathan Moyo stadium in limbo 8 hrs ago | 674 Views Body of half dressed woman found near Pelandaba 8 hrs ago | 809 Views Mphoko's storming police station defended 8 hrs ago | 721 Views Zimbabwe lures Russian investors 8 hrs ago | 171 Views Zanu-PF scoffs at US reform calls 8 hrs ago | 197 Views Couple fractured the arm of 2-year-old for soiling himself 8 hrs ago | 200 Views 'Mugabe, Trump to improve economic relations' 8 hrs ago | 275 Views Peter Ndlovu will never sabotage Zimbabwe's football interests 8 hrs ago | 630 Views Elections are a numbers game, not about coalitions 8 hrs ago | 77 Views Zanu-PF factions lock horns over '300 000' dualisation jobs 8 hrs ago | 308 Views CIO, police tiff escalates 8 hrs ago | 563 Views Zanu-PF defies Mugabe over stands 8 hrs ago | 315 Views Khama Billiat flies in and out of Harare 8 hrs ago | 1053 Views Couple lose $80 000 to armed robbers 8 hrs ago | 901 Views 'Mugabe key in judicial appointments' 8 hrs ago | 298 Views Arrest Jonathan Moyo, Kasukuwere 8 hrs ago | 1377 Views Zanu PF 'voodoo economics' have failed - just as MDC failed in all during GNU 8 hrs ago | 90 Views Bulawayo Provincial Leadership: Dispute and Resolution - NPP 15 hrs ago | 255 Views We welcome the USA call Zimbabwe to carry out political reforms 15 hrs ago | 373 Views Mugabe laughs at his image in the mirror 15 hrs ago | 1495 Views Zanu PF is rigging elections already with Moyo's 'connectedness' - MDC must be forced to see it 15 hrs ago | 386 Views Snake disrupts tour 17 hrs ago | 1461 Views Read All Our Latest News Most Popular In 7 Days PHOTOS: Drama as student fails to pay sex worker 05 Jun 2017 at 07:12hrs | 8685 Peter Ndlovu implicated in Warriors drama, Chiyangwa threatens Mamelodi Sundowns 06 Jun 2017 at 10:28hrs | 8089 Requirements for vehicles in Zimbabwe 05 Jun 2017 at 15:40hrs | 6860 Trump tightens screws on Mugabe 07 Jun 2017 at 08:14hrs | 5420 Satanism scare at Zaoga? 01 Jun 2017 at 17:04hrs | 5368 News Local Regional National Africa Education Health Religion International Agriculture Press Release Live APO Sports Local Soccer Cricket Basketball Rugby Schools Live Other Business Local Companies Economy International Your Money Lifestyle Dose of Encouragement Eats Fashion Health Travel and Tourism Relationships Comics Photos Opinion Columnist Interviews Speeches Letters Blogs Book Reviews Religion Women's Corner WhatsApp Updates Bereavements Entertainment Music Celebrity Movies Games TV Guide Arts Radio Shows Events Team Bulawayo Weekend Guide Technology Motors Camera Internet Mobile phone Computers Software Robotics Science Other Videos News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Tourism Health Documentary Viral Other News Archive Widgets Site map RSS Feeds About Us Contact Us Our Team News Team editor@bulawayo24.com news@bulawayo24.com info@bulawayo24.com Advertising advertise@bulawayo24.com © Copyright 2010 - 2017 Bulawayo24 is not responsible for the content of external sites | IP Policy | Terms of Service | Help | Contact Us Powered by eDuzeNet Share Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit RSS Feeds Latest Stories
06082017Headline: Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 5 hours ago Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Non Lethal Weapons Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Non Lethal Weapons Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports June 5, 2017 | by Anurag | In this report, the EMEA Non Lethal Weapons market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. EMEA Non Lethal Weapons market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Non Lethal Weapons sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Taser International Non Lethal Technologies Textron Systems Boeing BAE Systems Raytheon Bazalt LRAD General Dynamics Mossberg Heckler And Koch Smith And Wesson Colt’s Manufacturing Remington Arms Zarc International Penn Arms On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Gases And Sprays Explosives For Full Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-non-lethal-weapons-market Directed Energy Weapons Electro Shock Weapons Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons for each application, including Law Enforcement Military 1 Non Lethal Weapons Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Non Lethal Weapons 1.2 Classification of Non Lethal Weapons 1.2.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Gases And Sprays 1.2.4 Explosives 1.2.5 Directed Energy Weapons 1.2.6 Electro Shock Weapons 1.2.7 Other 1.3 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Law Enforcement 1.3.3 Military 1.4 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market by Region For Same Category Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/equipment-market 1.4.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 EMEA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Non Lethal Weapons (2012-2022) 1.5.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application 2.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 2.1.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players (2012-2017) 2.1.2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Share by Players (2012-2017) 2.1.3 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sale Price by Players (2012-2017) 2.2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons (Volume and Value) by Type/Product Category 2.2.1 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.3 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons Sale Price by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 EMEA Non Lethal Weapons (Volume) by Application For Report On This Topic Visit@ Asia-Pacific Non Lethal Weapons market- http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/asia-pacific-non-lethal-weapons-market About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Name: Chris Paul                                                                  ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation: Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Non Lethal Weapons Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram India has joined the world's space heavyweights By Huizhong Wu, CNN Updated 11:23 PM ET, Mon June 5, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED The $1 billion alternative to NASA Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The $1 billion alternative to NASA 01:10 New Delhi (CNN)India has joined a select number of countries able to claim membership of the "heavy-lift" rocket club after it successfully launched a communications satellite weighing over three tonnes into space. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to hail the launch, describing it as a proud moment for the country. To date, only the United States, Russia, China, Japan and the European Space Agency have successfully launched so-called "heavy" satellites weighing over three tonnes. The launch, which took place at 5.28 p.m. local time from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre, was the first to use the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III) -- known as "fat boy" on account of its size. Estimated to weigh as much as five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo jets, or 200 fully grown elephants, the GSLV Mk-III rocket is the largest most powerful launch vehicle India has ever produced, and considered a potential game changer for the country's space program. Read More "Initially, we launched our satellites from abroad," said D.P. Karnik, the spokesperson for the Indian Space Research Organization. "The Indian space program is now completely indigenous." Previously, India has relied on paying the French to launch satellites that weighed more than 2,300 kilograms. JUST WATCHED Can China catch up with India in 'space race'? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can China catch up with India in 'space race'? 01:59 The GSLV Mk III can carry up to 4,000 kilograms, almost double the previous capacity available to India's space program. In a sense, Monday's launch marks a journey of independence that has taken 25 years, said Rajeswari Rajagopalan, head of the Nuclear and Space policy initiative at the Observer Research Foundation. It is hoped the rocket's payload -- the 3,136 kilogram GSAT-19 communications satellite -- will help bolster the country's internet connectivity and speed. However, the launch represents only the first stage in a longer plan, and it will be some time before people see tangible effects on the ground, said Rajagopalan. The success of the launch is widely viewed as a major step towards the country's long term goal of becoming a leading player in the multi-billion dollar global satellite launch market. Cheap labor and government support means that India can launch satellites for a fraction of the price of rival nations. In 2014, the country launched a Mars probe for less than it cost to make the Hollywood movie Gravity. While in February this year, its space program broke a world record when it launched 104 satellites at once. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia 87% of Americans are ignoring this warning The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Adani gives final approval for controversial $4 bn Australia coal mine Business Standard Jet Airways is in talks to buy 75 aircraft It is likely to place order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo Reuters  |  Cancun/New Delhi  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 09:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWQjib Photo courtesy: Jet Airways ALSO READ Jet Airways Q4 net slumps 95% to Rs 23 cr on mounting expenses Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Jet Airways to phase out ATR aeroplanes Jet Airways to add 11 Boeing 737 planes as it looks to regain market share Jet Airways, India's biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 75 single-aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet is likely to place an order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. Jet Airways did not immediately respond to an email seeking request for comment. Read More On Jet Airways | Aircraft | Full-service Carrier | Boeing's 737 Max Planes | Boeing | Airbus | Airbus Se's A320neo | New Delhi | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Jet Airways is in talks to buy 75 aircraft It is likely to place order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo It is likely to place order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo Jet Airways, India's biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 75 single-aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet is likely to place an order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. Jet Airways did not immediately respond to an email seeking request for comment. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Jet Airways is in talks to buy 75 aircraft It is likely to place order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo Jet Airways, India's biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 75 single-aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet is likely to place an order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. Jet Airways did not immediately respond to an email seeking request for comment. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Technical Snapshots for These Communication Equipment Stocks — Nokia, Viavi Solutions, Harris, and Knowles NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — This morning, DailyStockTracker.com has issued research reports on Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK), Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV), Harris Corp. (NYSE: HRS), and Knowles Corp. (NYSE: KN). The Communication Equipment industry comprises manufacturers of communications equipment and products such as LANs, WANs, routers, telephones, switchboards, and exchanges. Access DailyStockTracker.com’s complimentary reports for today’s stocks line-up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Nokia   Espoo, Finland headquartered Nokia Corp.’s stock finished last Friday’s session 0.92% higher at $6.55. A total volume of 14.48 million shares was traded. The Company’s shares have advanced 11.39% in the past month, 24.05% over the previous three months, and 36.17% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 14.21% and 25.94%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Nokia, which together with its subsidiaries, provides network infrastructure and related services worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 69.88. On May 25th, 2017, Nokia announced that the Company and Frontier Communications will deploy G.fast technology to increase in-building broadband speeds for customers living in apartment and multi-dwelling units across Connecticut. With built-in vectoring technology – which reduces cross-talk interference that typically impacts data speeds over copper networks – the Nokia G.fast solution will allow Frontier to use the last few hundred meters of existing copper located in buildings to deliver ultra-broadband access to customers. On June 02nd, 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill resumed its ‚Neutral’ rating on the Company’s stock. Visit us today and access your complete report on NOK for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NOK Viavi Solutions   On Friday, shares in Milpitas, California headquartered Viavi Solutions Inc. ended the session 1.56% lower at $11.39. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.68 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 9.62% in the last one month, 15.17% in the previous three months, and 39.24% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.96% above its 50-day moving average and 27.33% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Viavi Solutions, which provides network test, monitoring, and assurance solutions to communications service providers, and enterprises and their ecosystems worldwide, have an RSI of 57.13. On May 05th, 2017, research firm Jefferies upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Hold’ to ‚Buy’. On June 01st, 2017, Viavi Solutions has launched CPRIAdvisor, a remote RF spectrum monitoring system that addresses a wide range of antenna deployment options in heterogeneous networks. Developed in partnership with tier one mobile service providers, it offers the ability to monitor and troubleshoot RF conditions round the clock for any cell site with fiber fronthaul. The complimentary research report on VIAV can be accessed at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=VIAV Harris   Melbourne, Florida headquartered Harris Corp.’s shares gained 0.41%, closing the session at $113.82 with a total trading volume of 662,109 shares. The stock has gained 4.18% in the last one month, 3.04% over the previous three months, and 11.08% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading 3.40% and 11.13% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Harris, which provides technology-based solutions that solve government and commercial customers’ mission-critical challenges, have an RSI of 68.51. On May 31st, 2017, Harris announced that it has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy’s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The contracts were awarded during the Company’s Q3 FY17. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the research report on HRS at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=HRS Knowles   Last Friday at the close, shares in Itasca, Illinois headquartered Knowles Corp. recorded a trading volume of 1.18 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 669,890 shares. The stock ended the session 2.39% higher at $18.02. The Company’s shares have advanced 2.74% in the past month and 7.84% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 7.88%. Furthermore, shares of Knowles, which designs, manufactures, and sells micro-acoustic, audio processing, and specialty component solutions to the mobile consumer electronics, communications, medical, military, aerospace, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 53.76. Get free access to your research report on KN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=KN — Daily Stock Tracker:  Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/ CONTACT  For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com  Phone number: (207)-331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Octreotide Acetate Market 2022: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts Next PostNext Global Construction Aggregates Market will Reach US$ 350.2 Billion by 2016 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Technical Snapshots for These Communication Equipment Stocks — Nokia, Viavi Solutions, Harris, and Knowles NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — This morning, DailyStockTracker.com has issued research reports on Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK), Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV), Harris Corp. (NYSE: HRS), and Knowles Corp. (NYSE: KN). The Communication Equipment industry comprises manufacturers of communications equipment and products such as LANs, WANs, routers, telephones, switchboards, and exchanges. Access DailyStockTracker.com’s complimentary reports for today’s stocks line-up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Nokia   Espoo, Finland headquartered Nokia Corp.’s stock finished last Friday’s session 0.92% higher at $6.55. A total volume of 14.48 million shares was traded. The Company’s shares have advanced 11.39% in the past month, 24.05% over the previous three months, and 36.17% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 14.21% and 25.94%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Nokia, which together with its subsidiaries, provides network infrastructure and related services worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 69.88. On May 25th, 2017, Nokia announced that the Company and Frontier Communications will deploy G.fast technology to increase in-building broadband speeds for customers living in apartment and multi-dwelling units across Connecticut. With built-in vectoring technology – which reduces cross-talk interference that typically impacts data speeds over copper networks – the Nokia G.fast solution will allow Frontier to use the last few hundred meters of existing copper located in buildings to deliver ultra-broadband access to customers. On June 02nd, 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill resumed its ‚Neutral’ rating on the Company’s stock. Visit us today and access your complete report on NOK for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NOK Viavi Solutions   On Friday, shares in Milpitas, California headquartered Viavi Solutions Inc. ended the session 1.56% lower at $11.39. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.68 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 9.62% in the last one month, 15.17% in the previous three months, and 39.24% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.96% above its 50-day moving average and 27.33% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Viavi Solutions, which provides network test, monitoring, and assurance solutions to communications service providers, and enterprises and their ecosystems worldwide, have an RSI of 57.13. On May 05th, 2017, research firm Jefferies upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Hold’ to ‚Buy’. On June 01st, 2017, Viavi Solutions has launched CPRIAdvisor, a remote RF spectrum monitoring system that addresses a wide range of antenna deployment options in heterogeneous networks. Developed in partnership with tier one mobile service providers, it offers the ability to monitor and troubleshoot RF conditions round the clock for any cell site with fiber fronthaul. The complimentary research report on VIAV can be accessed at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=VIAV Harris   Melbourne, Florida headquartered Harris Corp.’s shares gained 0.41%, closing the session at $113.82 with a total trading volume of 662,109 shares. The stock has gained 4.18% in the last one month, 3.04% over the previous three months, and 11.08% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading 3.40% and 11.13% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Harris, which provides technology-based solutions that solve government and commercial customers’ mission-critical challenges, have an RSI of 68.51. On May 31st, 2017, Harris announced that it has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy’s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The contracts were awarded during the Company’s Q3 FY17. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the research report on HRS at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=HRS Knowles   Last Friday at the close, shares in Itasca, Illinois headquartered Knowles Corp. recorded a trading volume of 1.18 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 669,890 shares. The stock ended the session 2.39% higher at $18.02. The Company’s shares have advanced 2.74% in the past month and 7.84% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 7.88%. Furthermore, shares of Knowles, which designs, manufactures, and sells micro-acoustic, audio processing, and specialty component solutions to the mobile consumer electronics, communications, medical, military, aerospace, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 53.76. Get free access to your research report on KN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=KN — Daily Stock Tracker:  Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/ CONTACT  For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com  Phone number: (207)-331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Octreotide Acetate Market 2022: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts Next PostNext Global Construction Aggregates Market will Reach US$ 350.2 Billion by 2016 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Technical Snapshots for These Communication Equipment Stocks — Nokia, Viavi Solutions, Harris, and Knowles NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — This morning, DailyStockTracker.com has issued research reports on Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK), Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV), Harris Corp. (NYSE: HRS), and Knowles Corp. (NYSE: KN). The Communication Equipment industry comprises manufacturers of communications equipment and products such as LANs, WANs, routers, telephones, switchboards, and exchanges. Access DailyStockTracker.com’s complimentary reports for today’s stocks line-up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Nokia   Espoo, Finland headquartered Nokia Corp.’s stock finished last Friday’s session 0.92% higher at $6.55. A total volume of 14.48 million shares was traded. The Company’s shares have advanced 11.39% in the past month, 24.05% over the previous three months, and 36.17% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 14.21% and 25.94%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Nokia, which together with its subsidiaries, provides network infrastructure and related services worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 69.88. On May 25th, 2017, Nokia announced that the Company and Frontier Communications will deploy G.fast technology to increase in-building broadband speeds for customers living in apartment and multi-dwelling units across Connecticut. With built-in vectoring technology – which reduces cross-talk interference that typically impacts data speeds over copper networks – the Nokia G.fast solution will allow Frontier to use the last few hundred meters of existing copper located in buildings to deliver ultra-broadband access to customers. On June 02nd, 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill resumed its ‚Neutral’ rating on the Company’s stock. Visit us today and access your complete report on NOK for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NOK Viavi Solutions   On Friday, shares in Milpitas, California headquartered Viavi Solutions Inc. ended the session 1.56% lower at $11.39. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.68 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 9.62% in the last one month, 15.17% in the previous three months, and 39.24% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.96% above its 50-day moving average and 27.33% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Viavi Solutions, which provides network test, monitoring, and assurance solutions to communications service providers, and enterprises and their ecosystems worldwide, have an RSI of 57.13. On May 05th, 2017, research firm Jefferies upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Hold’ to ‚Buy’. On June 01st, 2017, Viavi Solutions has launched CPRIAdvisor, a remote RF spectrum monitoring system that addresses a wide range of antenna deployment options in heterogeneous networks. Developed in partnership with tier one mobile service providers, it offers the ability to monitor and troubleshoot RF conditions round the clock for any cell site with fiber fronthaul. The complimentary research report on VIAV can be accessed at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=VIAV Harris   Melbourne, Florida headquartered Harris Corp.’s shares gained 0.41%, closing the session at $113.82 with a total trading volume of 662,109 shares. The stock has gained 4.18% in the last one month, 3.04% over the previous three months, and 11.08% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading 3.40% and 11.13% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Harris, which provides technology-based solutions that solve government and commercial customers’ mission-critical challenges, have an RSI of 68.51. On May 31st, 2017, Harris announced that it has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy’s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The contracts were awarded during the Company’s Q3 FY17. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the research report on HRS at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=HRS Knowles   Last Friday at the close, shares in Itasca, Illinois headquartered Knowles Corp. recorded a trading volume of 1.18 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 669,890 shares. The stock ended the session 2.39% higher at $18.02. The Company’s shares have advanced 2.74% in the past month and 7.84% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 7.88%. Furthermore, shares of Knowles, which designs, manufactures, and sells micro-acoustic, audio processing, and specialty component solutions to the mobile consumer electronics, communications, medical, military, aerospace, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 53.76. Get free access to your research report on KN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=KN — Daily Stock Tracker:  Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/ CONTACT  For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com  Phone number: (207)-331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Octreotide Acetate Market 2022: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts Next PostNext Global Construction Aggregates Market will Reach US$ 350.2 Billion by 2016 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS BJD MP Tathagata Satpathy's reference to colleague as "chor" ruffles feathers A cut in rate does not mean more growth, says former RBI Governor Y V Reddy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinanceInsure Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadwaysTechTelecomMiscellaneousDefenceEquipment & Ordnancemobility & weaponsSportsCSRInitiativesPolicyEnvironment RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadways ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,225-215.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Jet Airways in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets By Bloomberg | Updated: Jun 05, 2017, 04.03 PM IST Post a Comment Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won't comment on speculation, a spokesman said. Company Summary NSE BSE Jet Airways Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Benjamin Katz and Anurag Kotoky Jet Airways India Ltd, the country's biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 50 narrowbody jets on top of a pending order for Boeing Co 737 Max aircraft, a person with direct knowledge of the plan said. The most likely model the airline is considering is the 737 Max, though it is also looking at Airbus SE's A321neo jets as well as the 737 Max 10, a stretched version Boeing may introduce in Paris this month, the person said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are confidential. Jet Airways could sign the deal in the next two months for deliveries starting 2024, the person said. The order may be worth at least $5.6 billion. Jet Airways continuously reviews its fleet in response to demand, but won't comment on speculation, a spokesman said in an email. A representative for Boeing said in an email that the planemaker is in constant communications with airlines in India about their needs but doesn’t discuss specific conversations publicly. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares of the carrier jumped as much as 3.2 per cent and traded at 500.30 rupees as of 3:29 p.m. in Mumbai on Monday. Jet Airways, in which Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC owns a 24 per cent stake, is expanding its fleet as competition intensifies in India, one of the world’s fastest-growing aviation markets, where carriers offer cut-throat, below-cost fares to attract passengers. The Indian carrier made its first annual profit in seven years in the 12 months ended March 2016, mainly due to a drop in oil prices -- the biggest cost for an airline. Airlines in Asia are ordering hundreds of new planes to meet surging demand as an emerging middle class spends more of its disposable income on air travel. In India, market leader IndiGo has ordered 430 A320neo jets and is in talks to buy 50 ATR turboprop aircraft, while budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd. has ordered as many as 205 Boeing jets. Pending Order The 737 Max is the fastest selling aircraft in Boeing’s history, with 3,700 orders from 87 customers from around the world, according to the Chicago-based company’s website. In 2015, Boeing said Jet Airways had an order for 75 Max 8 variants due for delivery starting 2018. The current list price of the Max 8 is $112.4 million before customary discounts for large orders. Jet Airways, which has 10 Boeing 787s on order, is also in talks with the planemaker to defer deliveries of the Dreamliners by two to three years, as the airline can use its existing relatively new 777 jets for a few more years, the person said. The carrier disclosed the 787 order in 2007 and has repeatedly delayed taking deliveries of the aircraft since 2011. In about three years, Jet’s A330s will exit its fleet, the person said. Comments(0)Add Comments Jet Airways in talks to buy 50 single-aisle jets To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Boeing studies pilotless planes as it ponders next jetliner Tata Advanced Systems supplies aerospace components for Boeing Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China Boeing profits jump but commercial air deliveries fall READ MORE ONJet AirwaysIndigoEtihad airwaysBoeingAirbus Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES ITBP may replace Assam Rifles on Myanmar border Jet Airways to hire over 50 foreign pilots Jet Airways' shareholders approve JetLite merger with itself From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION Remember Barbi Benton? What She Looks Like Today Is Unreal Hyperactivz Nutritionally Balanced Meals to Help you Lose Weight Medifast® 24 Ways to Maximize Hair When It's Limp MSN Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount Government won't allow cash fees payments in universities, colleges anymore GST: Online grocery stores worried over stocks of consumer goods running out Public Sector Banks: How mergers and strategic sale appear to be a distinct possibility From 16th June, you pay a different price every day for petrol and diesel More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Security In-depth What to expect from Infosecurity Europe What to expect from Infosecurity Europe Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Rene Millman In-depth 5 Jun, 2017 Five reasons why you should attend the information security event of the year The annual Infosecurity Europe show is once more upon us and as ever there are plenty of reasons why attendance is a must for any IT security professional. With the recent WannaCry outbreak affecting systems within the NHS as well as many other organisations around the word, there has never been a more important time to come up to speed with the latest developments in cyber crime and the industry’s answer to this thorny problem. The show runs from 6-8 June and this year will be held at Olympia, London. Find out more about GDPR Next year, GDPR will become law and is set to revolutionise how businesses approach cyber security. It's designed to ensure that businesses that hold information on EU citizens, must put the right security protections in place to protect that data or face a significant fine and damage to their reputation. A GDPR clinic will be in operation at the show on 6 June, thanks to Gemalto. Jan Smets, a qualified Data Protection Officer, will talk businesses through the exact steps to data compliance and security. Separately, Thales e-Security will also be offering businesses a GDPR Health check to check how ready they are for the forthcoming legislation. This aims to advise where a business is on its on GDPR path and suggest some clear actions to consider as next steps.  Live hacking demos EfficientIP, which works with Netflix, Boeing and Orange, will be doing a live hacking demo as part of its security workshop on 7 June called “Protecting Your Business & Data from New DNS-Based Exploits". Attendees will learn how exfiltration and other DNS-based attacks work, as well as best practices to mitigate them to protect their business and data.  In another demo, Steve Malone and Bob Adams from Mimecast will discuss the anatomy of attacks, with a live demonstration on 8June. The talk will provide guidance on building a cyber resilience strategy to help fight advanced threats in email, like phishing, ransomware and impersonation fraud. Artificial Intelligence Artificial intelligence and machine learning are becoming more mainstream in information security. In 2016, the DARPA Cyber Grand Challenge was the first all-machine hacking competition that involved the use of custom-built Cyber Reasoning Systems (CRS).  At the show, there will be a session that will uncover the findings from the competition, how a CRS is applicable to the information security industry today and how the use of autonomous reasoning systems will help organisations help fill part of the security skills shortage moving forward. The session will include guidance on how to get started building your own CRS for hobby or real-world enterprise usage. The talk takes place on 7 June at 4 pm and is being given by Neil Thacker, deputy CISO at Forcepoint.  Dave Palmer, director of technology at Darktrace, will be giving a strategic talk on how artificial intelligence will shape the future of cyber security. Attendees can find out how to leverage unsupervised machine learning for intelligent and automated detection.  The keynote speakers Every year, Infosecurity Europe has a range of top keynote speakers and this year is no exception. Kicking it all off will be a talk by author and former MI5 boss Dame Stella Rimington on the evolution of security in the UK, Europe and globally.  Security legend Bruce Schneier will speak on 7 June at 11 am on how AI will radically transform modern business and cyber security.  But with these opportunities come risks: risk of insecure configuration, poor AI authentication leading to new attack vectors or, in the worst-case scenario, AI being directly compromised to turn against people and the services we rely on. The session will take an in-depth look at AI technology, how to secure it and whether it offers a new opportunity for cybersecurity or a new attack vector for cyber-adversaries.   Vendor parties and networking The show is also a great opportunity for attendees to mingle with like-minded professionals and network. The show has a mobile app that enables users to network with other event attendees using the app's matchmaking feature. Infosec is also putting on a “Meet and Seat” area where attendees can have access to an exclusive seating area with guaranteed space where you can host meetings or simply take time out to organise yourself. Bookable in one-hour slots, visitors get a separate table with chairs, on-site refreshments and dedicated Wi-Fi. At the centre of the venue, a networking bar is available for visitors and exhibitors to gather.   There are hosts of after show parties for people to visit, and one such event sees Mimecast and PhishMe hosting drinks on Wednesday at the Blag Club. Read more about Security Infosec2017 Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Security Best ransomware removal tools Tutorials How to protect against cyber threats In-depth Best Linux distros In-depth Security industry 'has failed' to raise awareness of IoT safety News Kaspersky files antitrust complaint against Microsoft's Windows Defender News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile How to boost your home Wi-Fi Networking 16 Windows 10 problems - and how to fix them Operating Systems Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Latest News Dow 21,163 -10.66 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,288 -9.33 -0.15% S&P 500 2,430 -2.80 -0.12% 9:53 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Technical Snapshots for These Communication Equipment Stocks -- Nokia, Viavi Solutions, Harris, and Knowles By Published: June 5, 2017 6:15 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This morning, DailyStockTracker.com has issued research reports on Nokia Corp. NOK, -0.46% Viavi Solutions Inc. VIAV, -0.88% Harris Corp. HRS, -0.33% and Knowles Corp. KN, +3.19% The Communication Equipment industry comprises manufacturers of communications equipment and products such as LANs, WANs, routers, telephones, switchboards, and exchanges. Access DailyStockTracker.com's complimentary reports for today's stocks line-up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Nokia   Espoo, Finland headquartered Nokia Corp.'s stock finished last Friday's session 0.92% higher at $6.55. A total volume of 14.48 million shares was traded. The Company's shares have advanced 11.39% in the past month, 24.05% over the previous three months, and 36.17% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 14.21% and 25.94%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Nokia, which together with its subsidiaries, provides network infrastructure and related services worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 69.88. On May 25 [th] , 2017, Nokia announced that the Company and Frontier Communications will deploy G.fast technology to increase in-building broadband speeds for customers living in apartment and multi-dwelling units across Connecticut. With built-in vectoring technology - which reduces cross-talk interference that typically impacts data speeds over copper networks - the Nokia G.fast solution will allow Frontier to use the last few hundred meters of existing copper located in buildings to deliver ultra-broadband access to customers. On June 02 [nd] , 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill resumed its 'Neutral' rating on the Company's stock. Visit us today and access your complete report on NOK for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NOK Viavi Solutions   On Friday, shares in Milpitas, California headquartered Viavi Solutions Inc. ended the session 1.56% lower at $11.39. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.68 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 9.62% in the last one month, 15.17% in the previous three months, and 39.24% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.96% above its 50-day moving average and 27.33% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Viavi Solutions, which provides network test, monitoring, and assurance solutions to communications service providers, and enterprises and their ecosystems worldwide, have an RSI of 57.13. On May 05 [th] , 2017, research firm Jefferies upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Hold' to 'Buy'. On June 01 [st] , 2017, Viavi Solutions has launched CPRIAdvisor, a remote RF spectrum monitoring system that addresses a wide range of antenna deployment options in heterogeneous networks. Developed in partnership with tier one mobile service providers, it offers the ability to monitor and troubleshoot RF conditions round the clock for any cell site with fiber fronthaul. The complimentary research report on VIAV can be accessed at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=VIAV Harris   Melbourne, Florida headquartered Harris Corp.'s shares gained 0.41%, closing the session at $113.82 with a total trading volume of 662,109 shares. The stock has gained 4.18% in the last one month, 3.04% over the previous three months, and 11.08% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading 3.40% and 11.13% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Harris, which provides technology-based solutions that solve government and commercial customers' mission-critical challenges, have an RSI of 68.51. On May 31 [st] , 2017, Harris announced that it has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy's P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The contracts were awarded during the Company's Q3 FY17. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the research report on HRS at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=HRS Knowles   Last Friday at the close, shares in Itasca, Illinois headquartered Knowles Corp. recorded a trading volume of 1.18 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 669,890 shares. The stock ended the session 2.39% higher at $18.02. The Company's shares have advanced 2.74% in the past month and 7.84% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 7.88%. Furthermore, shares of Knowles, which designs, manufactures, and sells micro-acoustic, audio processing, and specialty component solutions to the mobile consumer electronics, communications, medical, military, aerospace, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 53.76. Get free access to your research report on KN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=KN Daily Stock Tracker:  Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/ CONTACT  For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com  Phone number: (207)-331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Quote References NOK -0.03 -0.46% VIAV -0.10 -0.88% HRS -0.37 -0.33% KN +0.57 +3.19% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Nokia Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: NOK $6.51 -0.03 (-0.46%) Volume 2.3M Open $6.53 High $6.54 Low $6.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 38.2B Viavi Solutions Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VIAV $11.27 -0.10 (-0.88%) Volume 80850 Open $11.37 High $11.37 Low $11.23 P/E Ratio 32.14 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.6B Harris Corp. U.S.: NYSE: HRS $110.08 -0.37 (-0.33%) Volume 37292 Open $110.28 High $110.56 Low $110.00 P/E Ratio 24.72 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 13.5B Knowles Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KN $18.42 +0.57 (+3.19%) Volume 112.7K Open $18.00 High $18.64 Low $17.77 P/E Ratio 190.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B
Latest News Dow 21,162 -11.93 -0.06% Nasdaq 6,288 -9.17 -0.15% S&P 500 2,430 -2.90 -0.12% 9:53 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 By Published: June 5, 2017 5:30 a.m. ET Share PUNE, India, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Aircraft Engines Market by Type (Turboprop, Turbofan, Turboshaft, Piston Engine), Application (Military Aviation, Commercial Aviation, General Aviation), Platform (Fixed Wing, Rotary Wing), and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the aircraft engines market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 68.05 Billion in 2017 to USD 92.38 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 5.23% during the forecast period. Factors such as increase in aircraft deliveries and rising demand for fuel-efficient aircraft engines are expected to drive the aircraft engines market.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 72 market data tables and 67 figures spread through 173 pages and in-depth TOC on "Aircraft Engines Market - Global Forecast to 2022" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aircraft-engine-market-14300744.html Early buyers will rece ive 10% customization on report  Turbofan type segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By type, the turbofan segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to the recent increase in demand for turbofan engines by airlines around the world because of the fuel efficiency and reliability of these engines. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=14300744 Commercial application segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By application, the commercial segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is driven by the increase in the number of aircraft deliveries by major commercial aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus Group (France) and The Boeing Company (U.S.). Military segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  The military application segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The shorter replacement period of aircraft engines in military aircraft in comparison to commercial aircraft is expected to drive this segment in comparison to the other application segments in the aircraft engines market. Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period  The Asia-Pacific region is one of the fastest-growing markets for aircraft engines. This growth is attributed to the increase in manufacturing of commercial aircraft in countries such as China and Japan. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=14300744 Major players in the aircraft engines market include General Aviation (U.S.), Pratt & Whitney (U.S.), Safran SA (France), and Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (U.K.), among others. Browse Related Reports  Propulsion Systems Market by Type (Air Breathing Engines, Non-Air Breathing Engines, Electric Propulsion Engines), Application (Aircraft, Spacecraft, Missiles, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles), and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aerospace-propulsion-system-market-13114028.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 PUNE, India, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The report „Aircraft Engines Market by Type (Turboprop, Turbofan, Turboshaft, Piston Engine), Application (Military Aviation, Commercial Aviation, General Aviation), Platform (Fixed Wing, Rotary Wing), and Region – Global Forecast to 2022”, published by MarketsandMarkets™, the aircraft engines market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 68.05 Billion in 2017 to USD 92.38 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 5.23% during the forecast period. Factors such as increase in aircraft deliveries and rising demand for fuel-efficient aircraft engines are expected to drive the aircraft engines market. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 72 market data tables and 67 figures spread through 173 pages and in-depth TOC on „Aircraft Engines Market – Global Forecast to 2022„ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aircraft-engine-market-14300744.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on report  Turbofan type segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By type, the turbofan segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to the recent increase in demand for turbofan engines by airlines around the world because of the fuel efficiency and reliability of these engines. Download PDF Brochure @http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=14300744 Commercial application segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By application, the commercial segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is driven by the increase in the number of aircraft deliveries by major commercial aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus Group (France) and The Boeing Company (U.S.). Military segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  The military application segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The shorter replacement period of aircraft engines in military aircraft in comparison to commercial aircraft is expected to drive this segment in comparison to the other application segments in the aircraft engines market. Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period  The Asia-Pacific region is one of the fastest-growing markets for aircraft engines. This growth is attributed to the increase in manufacturing of commercial aircraft in countries such as China and Japan. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=14300744 Major players in the aircraft engines market include General Aviation (U.S.), Pratt & Whitney (U.S.), Safran SA (France), and Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (U.K.), among others. Browse Related Reports  Propulsion Systems Market by Type (Air Breathing Engines, Non-Air Breathing Engines, Electric Propulsion Engines), Application (Aircraft, Spacecraft, Missiles, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles), and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aerospace-propulsion-system-market-13114028.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies’ revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the „Growth Engagement Model – GEM”. The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write „Attack, avoid and defend” strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets’s flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, „RT” connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nitrogenous Fertilizers Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 Next PostNext New Frost & Sullivan Webinar: Biometrics and Strong Authentication Create Growth Opportunities for Financial Services Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman FEAM Is Selected To Provide 787 Dreamliner Line Maintenance Support at Denver International Airport and Seattle International Airport Under Boeing GoldCare Agreement Amendment MIAMI, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — FEAM Maintenance / Engineering today announces that it will expand its GoldCare agreement with The Boeing Company to provide Full Handling Line Maintenance Support to GoldCare customers at Seattle International Airport and Denver International Airport. The GoldCare agreement will now call for FEAM’s support at a total of five line maintenance locations and adds the 787 Dreamliner along with the 737 MAX. FEAM Technicians recently concluded Boeing led 737 MAX systems training and is in the final stages of opening three new GoldCare line maintenance bases in the New England area. FEAM currently has a substantial presence at both DEN and SEA providing comprehensive line maintenance services up to A- Check level support to over 10 International and Domestic Airline Operators. FEAM will provide its GoldCare MRO services at DEN and SEA under its EASA 145 rating approval. „We are very fortunate to be able to continue to grow our relationship with Boeing through the GoldCare program,” said Dan Allawat, COO, FEAM Maintenance / Engineering. „To be a partner in Boeing’s growing aftermarket services sector positions FEAM to be at the forefront of the latest technologically advanced aircraft, systems, and business processes, thus further enhancing FEAM’s capabilities for existing and new customers.” More about FEAM: F&E Aircraft Maintenance (FEAM) founded in 1992, is an MRO (Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul) company providing aircraft line maintenance services to major domestic and international air carriers flying transport category aircraft. FEAM employs over 650 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians/ Line Maintenance Engineers (LME) throughout the company’s network of 27 domestic line stations. FEAM, a FAA 145 Repair Station, holds numerous certifications from global aviation regulatory authorities including being the 1st U.S. based MRO to receive Japanese Civil Aeronautics Board (JCAB) line maintenance approval. Learn more at www.feam.aero Contact: Scott Diaz Director of Business Development- Americas sdiaz@feaircraft.com    Peter Kuan Director of International Business Development pkuan@feaircraft.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feam-is-selected-to-provide-787-dreamliner-line-maintenance-support-at-denver-international-airport-and-seattle-international-airport-under-boeing-goldcare-agreement-amendment-300468358.html SOURCE F&E Aircraft Maintenance Related Links http://www.feam.aero CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts Post navigation Previous PostPrevious North America N-Ethyl Meta Base Ester (CAS 83574-63-4) Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Research and Markets – Global Fast Attack Craft (FAC) Market 2017-2021 – Key Vendors are BAE Systems, Damen Shipyards Group, Fincantieri, Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL) & Navantia Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Aircraft Engines Market by Type (Turboprop, Turbofan, Turboshaft, Piston Engine), Application (Military Aviation, Commercial Aviation, General Aviation), Platform (Fixed Wing, Rotary Wing), and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the aircraft engines market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 68.05 Billion in 2017 to USD 92.38 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 5.23% during the forecast period. Factors such as increase in aircraft deliveries and rising demand for fuel-efficient aircraft engines are expected to drive the aircraft engines market. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 72 market data tables and 67 figures spread through 173 pages and in-depth TOC on "Aircraft Engines Market - Global Forecast to 2022" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aircraft-engine-market-14300744.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on report  Turbofan type segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By type, the turbofan segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to the recent increase in demand for turbofan engines by airlines around the world because of the fuel efficiency and reliability of these engines. Download PDF Brochure @http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=14300744 Commercial application segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By application, the commercial segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is driven by the increase in the number of aircraft deliveries by major commercial aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus Group (France) and The Boeing Company (U.S.). Military segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  The military application segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The shorter replacement period of aircraft engines in military aircraft in comparison to commercial aircraft is expected to drive this segment in comparison to the other application segments in the aircraft engines market. Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period  The Asia-Pacific region is one of the fastest-growing markets for aircraft engines. This growth is attributed to the increase in manufacturing of commercial aircraft in countries such as China and Japan. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=14300744 Major players in the aircraft engines market include General Aviation (U.S.), Pratt & Whitney (U.S.), Safran SA (France), and Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (U.K.), among others. Browse Related Reports  Propulsion Systems Market by Type (Air Breathing Engines, Non-Air Breathing Engines, Electric Propulsion Engines), Application (Aircraft, Spacecraft, Missiles, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles), and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aerospace-propulsion-system-market-13114028.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Composite Adhesives Market Worth 1,782.7 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 12:30 ET Preview: Clickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07:30 ET Spend Analytics Market Worth 3.01 Billion USD by 2022 07:30 ET Tilt Sensor Market Worth 260.3 Million USD by 2023 Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Aircraft Engines Market by Type (Turboprop, Turbofan, Turboshaft, Piston Engine), Application (Military Aviation, Commercial Aviation, General Aviation), Platform (Fixed Wing, Rotary Wing), and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the aircraft engines market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 68.05 Billion in 2017 to USD 92.38 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 5.23% during the forecast period. Factors such as increase in aircraft deliveries and rising demand for fuel-efficient aircraft engines are expected to drive the aircraft engines market. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 72 market data tables and 67 figures spread through 173 pages and in-depth TOC on "Aircraft Engines Market - Global Forecast to 2022" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aircraft-engine-market-14300744.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on report  Turbofan type segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By type, the turbofan segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to the recent increase in demand for turbofan engines by airlines around the world because of the fuel efficiency and reliability of these engines. Download PDF Brochure @http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=14300744 Commercial application segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  By application, the commercial segment of the aircraft engines market is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This growth is driven by the increase in the number of aircraft deliveries by major commercial aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus Group (France) and The Boeing Company (U.S.). Military segment projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period  The military application segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The shorter replacement period of aircraft engines in military aircraft in comparison to commercial aircraft is expected to drive this segment in comparison to the other application segments in the aircraft engines market. Asia-Pacific is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period  The Asia-Pacific region is one of the fastest-growing markets for aircraft engines. This growth is attributed to the increase in manufacturing of commercial aircraft in countries such as China and Japan. Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=14300744 Major players in the aircraft engines market include General Aviation (U.S.), Pratt & Whitney (U.S.), Safran SA (France), and Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (U.K.), among others. Browse Related Reports  Propulsion Systems Market by Type (Air Breathing Engines, Non-Air Breathing Engines, Electric Propulsion Engines), Application (Aircraft, Spacecraft, Missiles, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles), and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aerospace-propulsion-system-market-13114028.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 12:30 BST Preview: Composite Adhesives Market Worth 1,782.7 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 17:30 BST Preview: Clickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 14:30 BSTSpend Analytics Market Worth 3.01 Billion USD by 2022 12:30 BSTTilt Sensor Market Worth 260.3 Million USD by 2023 Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aircraft Engines Market Worth 92.38 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 05 Jun, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Champions Trophy 2017 Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan Videos India ISRO to launch GSAT-19 satellite today using rocket as heavy as 200 elephants India Today Television | June 5, 2017 Next Video Nitish Kumar lauds India Today for Udta Bihar sting, promises action Share Tweet Embed Light Off Comment Feedback The countdown to the Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) all-important mission to place communication satellite GSAT-19 into space using the 'fatboy' rocket has started. The 'fatboy' rocket--GSLV-Mark III--weighs as much as 200 full-grown elephants or five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo jets. It is the heaviest launch vehicle India has used till date. The GSLV-Mark III or the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark III weighs 640 tonnes and stands 43.43 metre tall. The GSLV-Mark III, carrying the communication satellite, will take off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh today at 5.28 pm. To learn more, click here. Next Video ❮ 1 of 7❯ Nitish Kumar lauds India Today for Udta Bihar sting, promises action Out on bail, Rahul Gandhi meets farmers, assures them of full support Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath Popular Videos Popular VideosRecent Videos Recent Videos 1 to 4 of 8 Out on bail, Rahul Gandhi meets farmers, assures them of full support Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Ghulaam: Rangeela and Shivani to get married? Ekta Kapoor's birthday party was a rocking affair! Thapki Pyaar Ki: Here's why Aryan cannot trust the new Thapki Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit ❬ ❭ How can you stop me? Rahul Gandhi dares cops as he tries to enter violence-hit Mandsaur Top 5 viral videos of the day: Syrian boy who became the face of war smiling again; more Mandsaur violence: Security tightened in Madhya Pradesh as farmer protests intensify Lal Battis gone, VVIP culture stays: Hooters are netas' answer to beacon ban Summer woes: Severe heat wave grips North India ISRO launches GSLV Mark III with GSAT-19 communication satellite successfully from Sriharikota India Today impact: Crackdown on Yasin Malik, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq; J-K police opposes separatists meet Absconding liquor baron Vijay Mallya spotted at India-Pakistan match ❬ ❭ India Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Cricket Sports World Business IndiaMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border Thu, 8 Jun 2017 PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit Thu, 8 Jun 2017 MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath Thu, 8 Jun 2017 RAF, CRPF deployed ahead of Rahul Gandhi's visit to Mandsaur Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Modi can waive off rich people's debt worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore, but cant waive off farmers' loans: Rahul Gandhi More India videos MoviesMore» Fri, 19 May 2017 WATCH Half Girlfriend movie review: The good and bad in this Arjun-Shraddha film Fri, 19 May 2017 Decoding the success of Aamir Khan's Dangal in China Wed, 17 May 2017 Baahubali 2: Six arrested in Hyderabad for extortion of money from producers Fri, 12 May 2017 WATCH Sarkar 3 review: Amitabh Bachchan is top-notch, but RGV's film is a mess Fri, 12 May 2017 WATCH Meri Pyaari Bindu review: Ayushmann-Parineeti's film is a winner Tue, 2 May 2017 Kajol beef row: Actor clarifies, says it was buffalo meat More Movies videos LifestyleMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Mario's jumpsuit to band-baaja jacket: Ranveer Singh has pulled off some REALLY crazy looks Wed, 7 Jun 2017 Supermodel Lakshi Menon gets candid about her fashion and beauty choices Wed, 7 Jun 2017 Watch: This unique Taiwanese tradition helps you communicate with God Thu, 1 Jun 2017 Watch: Delhi's Golden Couple on the secrets of their 54-year-long romance Tue, 30 May 2017 Here's how Kareena Kapoor Khan is shedding her post-pregnancy weight Wed, 24 May 2017 Watch: Huma Qureshi and Saqib Saleem on being fit and fabulous More Lifestyle videos CricketMore» Tue, 6 Jun 2017 It's impossible to stop Yuvraj Singh when he gets going: Harbhajan Singh to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Virat Kohli passion and emotion reflect in his captaincy: Michael Clarke to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 CoA chief Vinod Rai denies report of rift between Virat Kohli and Anil Kumble Mon, 5 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Yuvraj, Kohli, Rohit star as India crush Pakistan by 124 runs Sun, 4 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Smart bats to track performances Sun, 4 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Security beefed up in Birmingham after London terror attacks More Cricket videos SportsMore» Tue, 6 Jun 2017 It's impossible to stop Yuvraj Singh when he gets going: Harbhajan Singh to India Today Tue, 6 Jun 2017 CoA chief Vinod Rai denies report of rift between Virat Kohli and Anil Kumble Mon, 5 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Funny memes and tweets Mon, 5 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Yuvraj, Kohli, Rohit star as India crush Pakistan by 124 runs Sun, 4 Jun 2017 Champions Trophy 2017: Smart bats to track performances Sun, 4 Jun 2017 India vs Pakistan: Security beefed up in Birmingham after London terror attacks More Sports videos WorldMore» Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Modi-Nawaz to attend SCO summit: Will hearts meet and what does it mean for India? Thu, 8 Jun 2017 Qatar isolated by Gulf countries; MEA says move won't affect India Wed, 7 Jun 2017 China's media says SOC won't back Pakistan's attempts to internationalise Kashmir Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Pakistan-born London Bridge attacker was earlier filmed praying with ISIS-style flag Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Breakthrough in London attack investigation: 2 attackers identified, 1 was born in Pakistan Tue, 6 Jun 2017 Yemen joins list of nations that have cut ties with Qatar More World videos BusinessMore» Mon, 19 Dec 2016 Digital governance means good governance: Ravi Shankar Prasad at Business Today's Best CEO awards Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: No change in income tax slabs Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: Allocated Rs 55,000 crore for roads and highways, says Jaitley Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Budget 2016: Arun Jaitley's 9 pillars to transform India Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Priority to provide funds to poorer section of society, says Jaitley Mon, 29 Feb 2016 Tax ceiling raised from Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000 for income below Rs 5 lakh per annum: Jaitley More Business videos TOP News Most Read Editor's Picks Farmers' protest in Madhya Pradesh worries other state governments Kerala changes liquor policy, 3-star and above hotels can now serve booze Jammu: Police resort to lathicharge after Congress disrupts train movements to protest Mandsaur deaths Throwback Thursday: When Kareena and Bipasha had a major catfight, and it got physical Moto Z2 Play quick review: Motorola tries the premium play More BJP, RSS want 'one nation, one fuhrer,' says Rahul Gandhi at Chennai party meet Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Will loan waiver solve problems of farmers permanently? Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA More Farmers' protest in Madhya Pradesh worries other state governments Beef fry breakfast effect? Kerala's sole BJP MLA says Modi govt ready to revise cattle slaughter order Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Tamil Nadu: Protest against govt-run liquor shops spreads, revenue loss threat looms large Not hurt by comparison with General Dyer, says Army chief Bipin Rawat More PHOTOS Nach Baliye: Divyanka-Vivek play Shiv Parvati; Sanaya Irani plays acid attack survivor Shakti actress Rubina Dilaik's Bali pictures will inspire serious wanderlust in you Himesh-Komal to Arbaaz-Malaika: B-Town's shocking divorces Shilpa Shetty turns 42: These photos prove that the birthday girl is too hot to handle Nach Baliye: Salman Khan reunites with his Dabangg lady Sonakshi Sinha Mouni Roy to Barkha Bisht: Who portrayed the best goddess Kali on TV? PICS: Ranveer's eccentric style, Deepika returns from Cannes Film Festival In pictures: Deepika Padukone's Cannes 2017 fashion diaryPrevNext Watch Right Now PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Summit MP CM on farmers' protest: My govt is farmers' govt, will continue to serve farmers till my last breath Modi can waive off rich people's debt worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore, but cant waive off farmers' loans: Rahul Gandhi Bhim Sena chief Chandrashekhar arrested from Dalhousie over Saharanpur clashes So sorry Nitish's skipping Opposition parties' meet called by Sonia shows anti-BJP front not united Top Takes Top 5 viral videos of the day: ED Sheeran's carpool karaoke; This hen's got talent; more Another farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra as protests enter 8th day Rahul Gandhi agrees for bail, to meet farmers' kin at Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border RAF, CRPF deployed ahead of Rahul Gandhi's visit to Mandsaur NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Publications India Today India Today - Hindi Business Today Cosmopolitan Men's Health OddNaari Money Today Prevention Reader's Digest Good Housekeeping Time Harvard Business Review Gadgets & Gizmos LoveSutra Television Aaj Tak Delhi Aaj Tak Tez India Today TV Radio Ishq 104.8FM Education Vasant Valley Online Courses U Learn Today India Today Education Online Shopping Bag It Today India Today Diaries Events Agenda Aajtak India Today Conclave India Today Woman's Summit India Today Youth Summit State Of The States Conclave India Today Education Summit Printing Thomson Press Welfare Care Today Music Music Today Distribution Rate Card DAS Application form Contact persons for DAS phase III Syndications India Today Images Useful Links Dailyo Partners Press Release iChowk FeedbackPrevNext Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Science Space India to launch its heaviest rocket GSLV Mk III that could one day ferry astronauts to space Until now only the US, Russia and China have conducted manned missions to space. By Agamoni Ghosh June 5, 2017 08:38 BST The GSLV Mk III-D1 after six tests is scheduled to be used for manned missions to spaceISRO India's space agency Isro (Indian Space Research Organisation) is all set to launch its heaviest and most powerful rocket until date, the GSLV Mk III-D1, on 5 June at 5:28 pm IST (11:58 am GMT). The success of the launch is crucial as this very rocket will be used to ferry astronauts into space one day if all tests go as planned. What is the GSLV Mk III? It is a three-stage vehicle with an indigenous cryogenic upper stage engine designed to carry heavier communication satellites into a higher Earth orbit known as Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO). The weight of the satellite is equivalent to the weight of five fully-loaded Boeing jumbo jets and is the heaviest rocket to be launched from India. Prior to this, Isro was dependent on foreign launchers for communication satellites weighing more than 2,300 kg. "With this launch, India need not depend on European Space Agency (ESA) for further heavy launch of Insat-class satellites of 3.5 ton that incurs a cost of Rs 8bn ($124m, £930m) each. Now at one third the cost India can launch heavier satellites on GSLV-Mk III," vehicle director J Jayaprakash told the Times of India. The GSLV Mk III is set to be a game changer for the country in terms of communications as it will place a 3,136 kg GSAT-19 satellite into GTO. This will be equivalent to having a constellation of six to seven of the agency's older variety of satellites in space at once. The rocket can in fact lift payloads of up to 4,000 kg into the GTO and 10,000 kg into Low Earth Orbit (Leo). Other than communication satellites, the payload on board the rocket will consist of machinery to be used in monitoring and studying the nature of charged particles and the influence of space radiation on satellites and their electronic components. India's race to space India has already sent its first man, Squadron Leader Rakesh Sharma, into space in 1984, but that launch was facilitated by the erstwhile USSR on board the Soyuz T-11 rocket. The success of this rocket and its consequent tests will make India part of an exclusive space club that consists of India, China and Russia (including the USSR period) - the only nations to have used their own rockets and facilities to send astronauts into space. Isro says that after six successful attempts in space, the GSLV Mk III will be human rated and ready to ferry an astronaut into space. Who could be in contention to be the first person to into space from this facility? While it is too early to predict that, Isro wants a woman astronaut to achieve that feat. Till now, no Indian woman has ever been to space, although Kalpana Chawla, who was born in India, and Sunita Williams who has Indian ancestry, have achieved the feat by being a part of Nasa. The launch will take place from Isro's Sriharikota facility in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh. To watch the launch live, tune in to the agency's Twiiter handle here. More from IBTimes UK Watch ISS crew land on Earth after spending more than 6 months in space Nasa will launch first ever neutron star mission via SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket Moon landing: First private spacecraft may reach celestial body by end of 2017 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close World Oceans Day 2017: There is a ghostly killer haunting our oceans Columnists Alex Taylor “I have only cried twice over my disability – once from bullying, the other after my PIP assessment READ MORE Can you read someone's mind from looking at their eyes? Genes linked to empathy discovered Women tend to be slightly better at spotting what someone else is... Massive frozen methane domes at the bottom of Arctic sea could soon explode The dome field was found near the huge Barents Sea craters. In depth: Overturning what we thought we knew about the dawn of the human species The earliest ever Homo sapiens has been discovered in Morocco -... Buried treasure: 2,500-year-old hoard of bronze bracelets unearthed in Poland The hoard was buried to prevent it being stolen in 500 BCE, but the... World Oceans Day 2017: There is a ghostly killer haunting our oceans Fishing litter or 'ghost gear' causes a slow and painful deaths for... 'Einstein would be proud': Direct observation of gravitational lensing helps measure mass of white dwarf star Scientists have estimated the mass of the white dwarf star Stein 2051... BRCA1: Immunotherapy shows promise in the fight against aggressive treatment-resistant breast cancer Women with BRCA1 mutations and diagnosed with triple negative breast... Origin of Homo sapiens: First modern humans evolved 100,000 years earlier than we thought The earliest humans looked just like us, but their brains were quite... Electric stimulation of the brain boosts creativity and problem-solving skills The participants were given 'matchstick problems' to solve. Strange rings and arcs revealed among universe's brightest galaxies The galaxies shine 10,000 times brighter than the Milky Way. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 UK Election Special Live updates as polls open and Britain chooses Brexit government About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Salaam Cricket Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse ISRO mission countdown begins: Rocket as heavy as 200 jumbos to take GSAT-19 into space The GSLV-Mark III, which will carry the GSAT-19 satellite into space today, is a monster rocket that weighs 640 tonnes.  IndiaToday.in  | Edited by Kritika Banerjee  desk-itgd@intoday.com New Delhi, June 5, 2017 | UPDATED 14:30 IST A +A - The countdown to the Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) all-important mission to place communication satellite GSAT-19 into space using the 'fatboy' rocket has started. The 'fatboy' rocket--GSLV-Mark III--weighs as much as 200 full-grown elephants or five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo jets. It is the heaviest launch vehicle India has used till date. The GSLV-Mark III or the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark III weighs 640 tonnes and stands 43.43 metre tall. The GSLV-Mark III, carrying the communication satellite, will take off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh today at 5.28 pm. HERE IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GSLV-Mark III AND GSAT-19 SATELLITE AND WHY THIS ISRO MISSION IS IMPORTANT: The monster rocket, GSLV-Mark III, will carry a 3,136-kg GSAT-19 communication satellite--the heaviest to be lifted by an Indian rocket till date--to an altitude of around 179 km above the Earth after just over 16 minutes into the flight. The GSAT-19's successful launch will pave the way for the launch of GSAT-11--a heavier communication satellite--into the space in the near future. ISRO chairman A S Kiran Kumar called the launch an important event as it will help India put communication satellites into space from its own soil in future. Following the GSLV-Mark III's success, India can launch four-tonne satellites on its own rocket instead of paying huge amounts of money to foreign space agencies to execute the operation. The GSLV-Mark III's main and bigger cryogenic engine has been developed by space scientists in Chennai. The rocket is a three-stage vehicle with two solid motor strap-ons, a liquid propellant core stage and a cryogenic engine (C25). The ISRO had flown a similar rocket without the cryogenic engine but with 3.7-tonne payload in 2014 to test its structural stability while in flight and the aerodynamics. Today's mission is crucial as the single GSAT-19 satellite will be equivalent to having a constellation of six-seven of the older variety of communication satellites in space. Currently, of the 41 in-orbit Indian satellites, 13 are communication satellites. The GSAT-19 is billed as the real game-changer as according to experts it can be the first to provide "Internet services using a space-based platform". Internet services may not be unleashed immediately but what the country is putting together is a capability in place which is important especially to connect places that are literally off the fibre optic Internet backbone. Today's ISRO mission has many firsts. The GSAT-19 will be powered for the first time with indigenously-made Lithium-ion batteries. Similar batteries can be later used to power electric vehicles like cars and buses. The GSAT-19 will not have transponders, and instead it will beam data using multiple frequency beams. According to experts, this feature will also let the satellite beam more data to the ISRO. The GSAT-19 also features a miniaturised heat pipe, fibre optic gyro, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) accelerometer. These new features are being tested with GSAT-19 and can go on to become an intrinsic part of the systems on future missions. (with inputs from agencies) ALSO READ: India's space success 'limited' but offers lessons: Chinese media From 3 satellites in one launch to 104: All you need to know about ISRO's historic PSLV rocket Donald Trump's spymaster pick 'shocked' to know India launched 104 satellites in one go WATCH |  ISRO to launch GSAT-19 satellite today using rocket as heavy as 200 elephants   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # ISRO mission# GSAT-19 launch# GSLV-Mark III   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
global-menu News Headline News Rebchook Real Estate Corner Sales and Mortgages Market Statistics Comp of the Day Quarterlies Building Dialogue Health Care Properties Quarterly Land & Development Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Media Kit Colorado Real Estate Journal Building Dialogue Magazine Health Care Properties Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Industry Directory Digital Advertising Conference Schedule & Exhibitor/Sponsor Info Ad Specs & Mechanicals Special Section & Quarterly Calendar Conferences Upcoming Conferences Partner or Speak at a Conference Submit a Conference Topic Conference Exhibitor/Sponsor Rates Industry Directory View All Categories Building Operating Services & Suppliers Lenders Directory/Find Financing Industry Directory Rate Card Read CREJ Current Digital Edition Subscribe Print/Digital Renew Print/Digital Subscription CREJ Sample Digital Copy Archives Reset Password Contact Staff Directory Order Reprints -- Follow us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on YouTube Follow us on RSS Feed Login Subscribe   0 No products in the cart.   0 News Headline News Rebchook Real Estate Corner Sales and Mortgages Market Statistics Comp of the Day Quarterlies Building Dialogue Health Care Properties Quarterly Land & Development Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Media Kit Colorado Real Estate Journal Building Dialogue Magazine Health Care Properties Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Industry Directory Digital Advertising Conference Schedule & Exhibitor/Sponsor Info Ad Specs & Mechanicals Special Section & Quarterly Calendar Conferences Upcoming Conferences Partner or Speak at a Conference Submit a Conference Topic Conference Exhibitor/Sponsor Rates Industry Directory View All Categories Building Operating Services & Suppliers Lenders Directory/Find Financing Industry Directory Rate Card Read CREJ Current Digital Edition Subscribe Print/Digital Renew Print/Digital Subscription CREJ Sample Digital Copy Archives Reset Password Contact Staff Directory Order Reprints News Headline News Rebchook Real Estate Corner Sales and Mortgages Market Statistics Comp of the Day Quarterlies Building Dialogue Health Care Properties Quarterly Land & Development Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Media Kit Colorado Real Estate Journal Building Dialogue Magazine Health Care Properties Quarterly Multifamily Properties Quarterly Office Properties Quarterly Property Management Quarterly Retail Properties Quarterly Industry Directory Digital Advertising Conference Schedule & Exhibitor/Sponsor Info Ad Specs & Mechanicals Special Section & Quarterly Calendar Conferences Upcoming Conferences Partner or Speak at a Conference Submit a Conference Topic Conference Exhibitor/Sponsor Rates Industry Directory View All Categories Building Operating Services & Suppliers Lenders Directory/Find Financing Industry Directory Rate Card Read CREJ Current Digital Edition Subscribe Print/Digital Renew Print/Digital Subscription CREJ Sample Digital Copy Archives Reset Password Contact Staff Directory Order Reprints ‘Fabrication Hall’ design improves career paths for students By CREJ 3 days ago 519 By CREJ 3 days ago 519 Share this Article Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Pinterest StumbleUpon Email The space was designed to encourage interaction between students and mentors. A new, state-of-the-art high school in Casper, Wyoming, is providing students interactive learning experiences and exposure to future careers. Pathways Innovation Center offers juniors and seniors in the Natrona County School System personalized education through four academies focused on multiple disciplines, including engineering and design. And midway through its first year, the results are already impressive, according to the school’s leadership. Scott Krenner Design lead and senior associate, Cuningham Group Architecture Inc., Denver The goal of Pathways Innovation Center is to inspire kids who are not necessarily planning to move on to four-year colleges. Rather than follow a traditional vocational approach, this high school presents new pathways to success that may not be found in standardized tests and programs. Our firm worked with local partner MOA Architecture to design the 38-acre campus, which also includes the new Roosevelt High School. The Pathways program is open to all juniors and seniors in the school district. At the center of Pathways Innovation Center is its “Fabrication Hall,” a 5,000-square-foot, two-story common space surrounded by labs equipped with cutting-edge technology. It encourages teams from all academies to collaborate on projects and is inspired by private-sector facilities, including Boeing Aerospace in Washington state, where engineering and design teams work under one roof. This unique, sunlight-filled space is large enough to build homes and solar-powered airplanes. The hall has 16-foot-high, custom-fabricated glass bay doors that fully open to the outside. On the inside, the hall is viewed from glass-walled design spaces, including a “floating blue box” overlooking the hall for informal learning. The hall is viewed from glass-walled design spaces, including a “floating blue box” overlooking the hall for informal learning. This approach creates conversations between academic disciplines, including construction, woodworking, metals, welding, robotics, arts and furniture making. It’s an incubator for prototyping. Ideas are generated and then connect with the different academies at the school. Pathways already has benefited the students and community, said Principal Chad Sharpe. First semester data show that 88 percent of students received all credits attempted, and 98 percent of students received three of the four credits attempted. “More importantly there is hope in many students’ eyes,” Sharpe said. “They are excited about learning. In construction, welding and auto, those students who are taking math are saying things like, ‘This is the first time I have ever understood how math works!’ They are stepping up to large challenges and blowing us away with their leadership, courage, empathy and excellence.” By providing real-world opportunities, Pathways is empowering the students to succeed. Students in the Academy of Creative Arts, Communication and Design worked all first semester on a project with the local YMCA redesigning its donor wall. The process included ideation, prototyping, pitching, facilitating, presenting and building. The result is a three-dimensional piece that will be in the community for 50 years. Students in the Academy of Business, Agriculture and Natural Resources have been busy building aquaponics systems, irrigation systems, growing crops, raising chickens and tilapia, and creating decadent food in the culinary program. Students in the Academy of Health Sciences and Human Services have been embedded in learning how to be better collaborators, communicators and researchers all while preparing to sit for the Certified Nursing Assistant certification. Forty-five students have received the 10-hour OSHA certification. Forty-six students received their ServSafe certifications. And 70 students have received their CPR certification. “I think my favorite sight is the smiles on faces, the intensity and passion, the professionalism and genuine interaction of mentors with mentees … and sometimes, the mentors are teenagers,” Sharpe said. “Reading, writing, math and running a lathe are all important, but students also need to learn collaboration.” Roosevelt High School Principal Shawna Trujillo is as stimulated by the new facility as her students. “We have designed spaces that push students and teachers to think and interact differently, while they learn,” she said. “The light, colors and the views of the mountain are inspiring. We are blessed.” Featured in CREJ’s June 7-20, 2017, issue In this article Construction, Design & Engineering Education CREJ CREJ Edited by the Colorado Real Estate Journal staff. Show More Current CREJ Digital Edition Subscriber Access Archive Access Comp of the Day eNewsletter Sign Up Email CREJ will not share your contact information with third parties. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy. Commercial Real Estate News Select Category Articles (6)auto (1)Boulder County & U.S. 36 Corridor (75)Boulder County & U.S. 36 Corridor (2)Building Dialogue Magazine (38)Colorado Springs & Southern Front Range (42)Colorado Springs & Southern Front Range (2)Comp of the Day (237)Construction, Design & Engineering (47)Demographics (2)Denver Metro Market (718)Economic Development (26)Education (7)Finance & Appraisal (38)Fort Collins & Northern Front Range (22)Fort Collins & Northern Front Range (1)Greater Denver (30)Green Building/WELL Building (8)Health Care & Medical Office Buildings (18)Health Care Properties Quarterly (9)Hotel & Hospitality (52)Industrial (163)Land (114)Land & Development Quarterly (6)Law & Accounting (15)Market Statistics (31)Mixed-Use (62)Multifamily (220)Multifamily Properties Quarterly (23)Office (199)Office Properties Quarterly (17)Profile (4)Property Management (10)Property Management Quarterly (20)Rebchook Real Estate Corner (40)Retail (189)Retail Properties Quarterly (18)Self-Storage (8)Senior Housing & Care (11)Special Use (4)Subscriber Only (137)Transit-Oriented Development (4)Video (2)Western Slope/Mountain Towns (8)Who's News (5)Winslow Report (20) Connect with CREJ CREJ Conference Series 2017 Condominium Summit June 20 @ 7:00 am - 11:45 pm 2017 Affordable Housing Summit June 20 @ 12:25 pm - 4:45 pm View More… Stonebridge acquires iconic Emily Griffin school for hotel redevelopment Previous Upside: Country Club Towers Next News Stories Conferences Industry Directory Staff Directory Community Calendar Subscribe View Archives Send Us Your News Advertise Staff Directory Conferences Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2015 Colorado Real Estate Journal. All Rights Reserved.  |  1600 Stout Street, Suite 1330  |  Denver, CO 80202  |  Phone: 303.623.1148 Back to top
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Irish Thursday 8 June 2017 Boeing delay will not affect new US routes A spokesperson for Boeing said delays can happen. Photo: REUTERS John Mulligan Twitter Email June 5 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Boeing delay will not affect new US routes Independent.ie Norwegian has said that its launch of transatlantic routes between Ireland and the United States will not be affected by the delayed delivery by Boeing of the new Max aircraft. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/boeing-delay-will-not-affect-new-us-routes-35788622.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35788146.ece/e5e79/AUTOCROP/h342/31%20BUSI%202017-06%201528.jpg Email Norwegian has said that its launch of transatlantic routes between Ireland and the United States will not be affected by the delayed delivery by Boeing of the new Max aircraft. The upgraded single-aisle plane will now arrive at the end of June. The delay is the second in about a month for Norwegian, which initially planned to receive its first 737 Max at the end of May before being forced to reschedule for June 13. Norwegian Air International (NAI), a subsidiary of Scandinavian carrier Norwegian Air Shuttle, plans to launch flights from Ireland to the US in July. A spokeswoman for Norwegian said the launch will not be affected. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between Ireland and the US east coast will be operated by another aircraft type. Questions about why the delivery is postponed need to be directed to the aircraft manufacturer Boeing." A spokesperson for Boeing said delays can happen. "On occasion delivery processes run into minor issues - whether for maintenance or other reasons. In this case, we and our customer decided to reschedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue. We fully expect to deliver later this month and look forward to the Max entering revenue service with Norwegian." Boeing delivered the first of the upgraded 737 to Lion Mentari Airlines PT's Malaysian unit Malindo Airways on May 17, followed by a second shortly after. Lion is the largest 737 Max customer, with 201 orders, one more than Southwest Airlines. Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Irish economy on a normalised footing as demand for sovereign debt grows  Gretchen Frieman The rebound in demand for Irish sovereign debt shows little sign of dwindling following this morning's €1bn auction by the National Treasury Management Agency. Bread and butter income top priority for food festival chief  Avril Bannerton is anxious about doing interviews. For someone whose business demands exposure, it's an irony not lost on the Ballinasloe native. "I suppose I'm shy about interviews," she admits, after pulling herself away from paperwork with a colleague at... Profits slip at Irish arm of Barclay's Bank  Gretchen Friemann Profits at the Irish arm of Barclay's Bank slipped by 2pc to €24.4m last year as the London-based lender, which is considering expanding its Dublin operations, characterised the UK's exit from the European Union as a "risk to the Irish economy". Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Bank of Ireland CEO Boucher weighs up new role with billionaire Prem Watsa  Irish Irish Breeze sues US firm in baby wipes trademark row  Irish Irish economy on a normalised footing as demand for sovereign debt grows  Irish Trinity College Dublin planning €1.25bn tech campus  Irish Bread and butter income top priority for food festival chief  Irish Garda officer used Pulse system to check on new girlfriend  Irish News Irish girl (12) who went viral for busking on Grafton St 'turned down The Ellen Show'  Trending Football fan shouted 'F*** you, I’m Millwall' and took on knife-wielding terrorists...  Other Soccer 'Nobody is doing high-fives' - trade union plays down deal as public servants set for pay...  Irish News WATCH: Incredible fusion of Irish dance and classical music  Entertainment Video Public servants set for 10pc pay boost as deal is finally brokered 'I will someday have to explain to my daughter what her father did' - ex-partner of London bridge terrorist 'numbed' by his actions 'The Leaving Cert has had its day - we need to reform the education system' - Bressie 'It's a suspicious feature' - Joe Brolly questions how Diarmuid Connolly incident made its way into ref report Promoted articles Also in Business Irish economy on a normalised footing as demand for sovereign debt grows The rebound in demand for Irish sovereign debt shows... Bread and butter income top priority for food festival chief Avril Bannerton is anxious about doing interviews. For someone whose business demands... Profits slip at Irish arm of Barclay's Bank Profits at the Irish arm of Barclay's Bank slipped by 2pc to €24.4m last year as the London-... Trinity College Dublin planning €1.25bn tech campus The planned technology campus by Trinity College Dublin (TCD) for the 'Silicon Docks' area of... Moody's upgrades rating for AIB and Bank of Ireland Moody's has adopted a more optimistic stance on the credit worthiness of the State's... O'Leary flying high with €300m share sales Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary's position as one of the country's few billionaires has been... Irish Breeze sues US firm in baby wipes trademark row Drogheda-based skincare firm Irish Breeze has launched a New York legal action against a US... Recession pain to will continue for some time - Honohan The recovery is well established, but there remains a lot of pain that will continue for... Brexit means harmonised corporation tax closer Brexit will make it much more difficult for Ireland to fight plans by the European... Bank of Ireland CEO Boucher weighs up new role with billionaire Prem Watsa Bank of Ireland's outgoing CEO, Richie Boucher, is... Video: From zero to the country's top farmer in seven years WATCH: Take a peek inside Dublin's luxurious Iconic offices From fledgling start-ups to globally recognised... VIDEO: Thousands of delegates and speakers descend on RDS for TechConnect Thousands of delegates and speakers are... VIDEO: Sheep shearing season arrives again Sheep shearing season arrives again VIDEO: Project Hope's Richard Carson Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change and an eye on €300,000 in... VIDEO: Dragons' Den-style bootcamp - 'The Grow Dome Project' Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: Cooking up Change's Aisling Kirwan has brought her 'Cook. Eat. Share' to the... Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: 'Impact of Brexit on Irish companies already started' Irish export growth to the UK was down... VIDEO: Cyber attack hit 200,000 victims across 150 countries, says Europol... The threat from the cyber attack that crippled... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... Social Entrepreneurs Ireland Bootcamp 2017 In pictures: All Ireland Marketing Awards 2017 See stunning pictures of silage work beside Newgrange Stunning pictures taken last week Newgrange Farm, Slane Co Meath show silage being... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
GoSearch Watch Now: FOX 2 News KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 66° 66° Low 60° High 83° Fri 62° 85° Sat 65° 90° Sun 69° 92° See complete forecast Severe weather alert U.S. Navy Blue Angels to visit Boeing, meet engineering students Monday Posted 12:19 pm, June 4, 2017, by Staff Writer Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × U.S. Navy Blue Angels to visit Boeing, meet engineering students Monday ST. LOUIS – The famous U.S. Navy Blue Angels will be in town Monday, June 5, 2017, to get a look at where their jets are made.  The group will visit Boeing in Saint Louis to meet employees, tour the F/A-18 Super Hornet factory and greet a group of high school students from Boeing’s Engineering Explorer Post program. The Blue Angels are expected to arrive at Saint Louis Lambert International Airport in their famous Delta Formation prior to their 9:30am meeting. Anyone familiar with morning turns?! pic.twitter.com/Zz0vW9HQqB — Blue Angels (@BlueAngels) June 4, 2017 Related stories Blue Angels to headline Spirit of St. Louis Air Show in Chesterfield Filed in: News Topics: blue angels, Boeing, US Navy Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Watch KPLR right now! Watch our newscasts from the comfort of your phone or computer 24/7. Popular Child’s remains found in home after mother reportedly calls from Las Vegas Southwest’s 72-hour sale includes $49 one-way flights Angry man denied assistance releases around 100 bed bugs in city office Boaters discover body of teen missing in Big River Latest News Alton man praises police work for finding late brother’s stolen dog tag Shiloh family prepares to honor loved one missing since Pearl Harbor attack Proposed Youth Sports Powerplex project may have sparked interest in other communities St. Louis Alderman concerned over Gov. Greitens call for special session on abortion policies News Boeing selects St. Louis to build new T-X jets; may support 1,800 jobs News Blue pals connects St. Louis police officers with middle school students News Join KPLR 11 Meteorologists for ‘Gateway StormFest’ at the Science Center News Maryville University to open center to aid low-income students with STEM programs News Traveling music studio visits St. Louis Interviews Wizard World Comic Con takes over the America’s Center News Monday Mascot – Ivory News Fox 2 news personality John Auble laid to rest News Area restaurant patrons help BackStoppers News Fire at Boeing aircraft hangar under investigation News Boeing plans layoffs for May News MLS commissioner to visit St. Louis Monday to rally support for soccer stadium News Mystery solved: Low-flying aircraft identified Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs Trump’s exit from Paris accord is no big deal RAJ KAMAL RAO comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet It is a hazy accord anyway. And private initiatives, rather than governments, are at the forefront against climate change Media outlets around the world have come down harshly on President Trump’s decision to pull the United States from the Paris climate agreement. Critics are somehow implying that Trump is taking the US back to the age of belching smokestacks, unclean air and dirty water — a criticism which is inherently dishonest and not rooted in reality. The truth is that Trump’s decision is not quite so apocalyptic, and may even have a more positive overall impact to climate change than if the US stayed in the Paris agreement. Hazy accord First, Trump is not against the environment. A lifelong businessman who has built the world’s most luxurious resorts, golf courses and clubs knows better than most people that clean surroundings are essential to attracting a steady clientele — and that this can only happen if the environment is regulated. Let us not forget that all the expansive environmental laws in the US are still very much in place. The main problem with the Paris accord is it has several flaws. Two years ago, delegates could not agree on how soon each nation should cut greenhouse gas emissions, so they decided to cut them “as soon as possible”, with no fixed date set. Further, commitments made by each country in the 195-member agreement are voluntary and non-binding. But pledges without enforcement are meaningless. If a country fails to meet its goal, it is not punished but is simply allowed to restate its new goal the next time the elite club meets in some other world city five years hence. And even then, the new goals are voluntary. This is an accord? The Paris deal was a mirror reflection of the hubris of its leaders. If it was that critical to humanity, why did Obama not deem the accord as a treaty and submit it for formal ratification by the US Senate which would have then bound the US and Trump to the agreement? The simple reason was that Obama knew he could never obtain the 67 votes to get the accord ratified, with many senators in his own party opposed to the deal. The accord’s language is so unserious, so non-binding and so kid-gloved that it could never pass muster as a crucial international treaty, such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. Even under President Clinton, an avowed environmentalist (Al Gore was his Vice-President), the US Senate never ratified the Kyoto protocol. Finally, the agreement required rich countries like the US to subsidise other countries with technology and financing to limit GHGs with direct cash contributions. Trump won in coal country, and promised that he would help revitalise this region by opening up export markets and creating jobs. Why would he help shut the US coal industry down by authorising American tax dollars to be given to China so that it would burn less coal, when the US is $20 trillion in debt already? Google’s Pichai, Facebook’s Zuckerberg and Microsoft’s Stone all issued statements criticising Trump, and asserting that their companies would do what it takes to combat climate change. Private initiatives This is the key part of the story that is not being reported. The private economy, driven by free-market spirit, will do excellently well where governments cannot. Consider the Boeing 787 aircraft, the world’s most advanced, environmentally friendly, lightweight, fuel-efficient plane ever built. With over 1,200 orders to date, the model has outsold every other wide body model in aviation history. Boeing’s success preceded Paris and was not because of the accords. Market forces nudged Boeing to offer such a product because the world’s airlines demanded it, and not doing so would mean ceding its leadership to Airbus. Already, US emissions from both static and mobile sources have been going down significantly because of innovation. Facebook and Google operate zero energy data centres. Hybrid cars and improved engine designs have greatly helped improve fuel economy rates of the US’ automobile fleet. Technological advances in alternate forms of energy such as wind, solar and wave have made them cost competitive with traditional fossil fuels, certainly coal. The US’ abundant natural gas supplies — unlocked due to fracking technologies, another American innovation — are creating so much pressure on the price of coal that there is no meaningful future for the US coal industry, anyway. Climate change is of course real. But countries and their private economies can fight this largely on their own because the benefits are immediate, significant and local. We do not need a colourful global agreement, with clinking champagne glasses, to guide our way forward. The writer is the managing director of Rao Advisors LLC, Texas (This article was published on June 4, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Trump dismays, angers allies by abandoning global climate pact Amid Trump’s climate turmoil, France to push stability with India ‘India committed to Paris climate deal’ TOPICS World | USA | environmental issues | climate change | environmental issues | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columns Slate Statistalk From The Viewsroom The Cheat Sheet MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Overly cautious A good decision not to lower rates More CSR avenues Art and science of portfolio management Why we must invest more in human capital What they don’t tell you about class toppers Need to rejig export incentives Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS NTPC installs 110 KWp microgrid at NETRA 22 min. ago RoC issues notices to 4,266 defaulting companies 23 min. ago GJM strike: Mamata, ministers, tourists stranded in Darjeeling 26 min. ago Guiddoo raises $300,000 in Pre-Series A funding 27 min. ago Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open 31 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Opinion More CSR avenues Transport, education, waste management, etc. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Champions Trophy 2017 Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News FYI facbook twitter googlepluse GSAT-19 launch: A communication satellite, a monster rocket and a gamechanging experiment The GSAT-19 communication satellite's launch vehicle, GSLV Mk-III, weighs as much as 200 fully-grown elephants.  IndiaToday.in  | Edited by Kritika Banerjee  desk-itgd@intoday.com New Delhi, June 4, 2017 | UPDATED 18:38 IST A +A - GSAT-19 communication satellite will take off from Sriharikota. Photo: PTI. India is all set to launch communication satellite GSAT-19 into space today using a monster rocket. The satellite launch vehicle--the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III)--is the heaviest rocket till date. Its weight is equal to that of five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo Jets or as much as 200 fully grown elephants. "All activities for our GSLV-Mark III launch tomorrow are going on in Sriharikota, expecting launch at 5:28 pm," said AS Kiran Kumar, chairman of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on Sunday. The ISRO chairman called the launch an important event as it will help India put communication satellites into space from its own soil. The GSAT-19's successful launch will pave the way for the launch of GSAT-11--a heavier communication satellite--into the space in the near future. HERE IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE GSAT-19 AND GLSV-MARK III LAUNCH: The GSLV-Mark III in its first developmental flight will carry communication satellite GSAT-19 weighing 3,136 kg from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. The GSLV-MK III-D1 is a three-stage vehicle with two solid motor strap-ons, a liquid propellant core stage and a cryogenic stage (C25). If successful, the single GSAT-19 satellite will be equivalent to having a constellation of 6-7 of the older variety of communication satellites in space. Currently, of the 41 in-orbit Indian satellites, 13 are communication satellites. While the size of the rocket/launch vehicle is being talked about, it is the satellite--GSAT-19--that is billed as the real game-changer. According to experts, the satellite can be the first to provide "Internet services using a space-based platform". Internet services may not be unleashed immediately but what the country is putting together is a capability in place which is important especially to connect places that are literally off the fibre optic Internet backbone. Weighing more than three tonnes, the GSAT-19 satellite is the heaviest satellite made and launched from India, and is the test bed for several new technologies. The GSAT-19 will be powered for the first time with indigenously-made Lithium-ion batteries. Similar batteries can be later used to power electric vehicles like cars and buses. According to ISRO, the GSAT-19 "carries a Geostationary Radiation Spectrometer (GRASP) payload to monitor and study the nature of charged particles and the influence of space radiation on satellites and their electronic components". The GSAT-19 also features a miniaturised heat pipe, fibre optic gyro, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) accelerometer. These new features are being tested with GSAT-19 and can go on to become an intrinsic part of the systems on future missions. The GSAT-19 will not have transponders, and instead it will beam data using multiple frequency beams. According to experts, this feature will also let the satellite beam more data to the ISRO. (Inputs from PTI) ALSO READ: From 3 satellites in one launch to 104: All you need to know about ISRO's historic PSLV rocket  Donald Trump's spymaster pick 'shocked' to know India launched 104 satellites in one go  India's space success 'limited' but offers lessons: Chinese media ALSO WATCH:      For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # ISRO# GSAT-19 launch# communication   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Latest news headlines from Zimbabwe Situation Skip to content Home Latest TEXT ONLY Sources Lists Archives About “Zimbabwe Situation” Friends Support us Advertise Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico By ZimSitRep_M | May 30, 2017 3 Comments President Robert Mugabe has so far this year spent more days outside the country than he has spent at home, it’s been reported. This month alone he has spent $3.5m chartering a flight for trips to Singapore and Cancun in Mexico. Source: Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico | News24 Harare – This is why he’s known as Zimbabwe’s ‘visiting president’: so far this year Robert Mugabe has spent more days outside the country he’s ruled for 37 years than he’s spent at home, it’s been reported. Until May 27, when Mugabe got back from a week-long jaunt to Mexico, the president had spent 77 days outside the country, reports the Standard. Only 69 days had been spent at home. Luxury Boeing Mugabe, 93, recently had to charter a luxury Boeing as the Air Zimbabwe plane he usually uses is grounded for servicing. The paper said Mugabe began his 2017 travels on January 17, while still on official leave in Dubai, with a trip to China. 9 countries, 3 continents Since then, the paper estimates he’s covered 145 000km, and clocked a staggering 250 hours in the air. Countries he has so far visited on three continents include China, Ethiopia, Ghana, Mali, Mauritius, Singapore (twice), South Africa, Swaziland and Mexico. The Zimbabwe Independent, a respected business weekly, estimates that this month alone the president spent $3.5 million chartering a plane for trips to Singapore and Cancun in Mexico. $1 million for 4 days The paper identified the plane as a Comlux Aviation Boeing 767. “It costs one million US dollars to hire the plane for four days so Mugabe paid that when he went to Singapore,” an unnamed aviation source told the paper. “The plane also attracted close to half a million dollars in charges when it was parked for six days, from May 13 to May 18 while the cabin crew was at a local hotel. Mugabe paid close to 2 million US dollars for the nine days the plane took him to Mexico.” President pays  But transport minister Joram Gumbo, while declining to disclose the amount spent on the Mexico trip, suggested that chartering a plane is no more expensive than flying Air Zimbabwe. “Air Zimbabwe is used at cost and the rates are the same. Every last penny is paid for by the president’s office,” he told the paper. Large entourage Mugabe invariably travels with a large entourage, including state media journalists who get paid daily expenses in scarce foreign currency. Critics say the country gains nothing from these expensive trips. Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email More Google Reddit No related posts. Category: the latest articles Post navigation ← Govt loses out on mining tax It’s not over yet: Mzembi → 3 thoughts on “Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico” Ndonga May 30, 2017 The stupidity of the ZANU PF Government is mind almost unbelievable. But Joram Gumbo the Honourable Transport Minister must be the most silly of that lot. If you don’t believe me look what he says here… “But transport minister Joram Gumbo, while declining to disclose the amount spent on the Mexico trip, suggested that chartering a plane is no more expensive than flying Air Zimbabwe. “Air Zimbabwe is used at cost and the rates are the same. Every last penny is paid for by the president’s office,” he told the paper.” Where does he think that the “Presidents Office” get its money from. From the sky? From the West? From the East? From Mugabe? No you silly man, from the people of Zimbabwe, while they go hungry, homeless and cold while Mugabe and all his many high spending jet setter cohorts are gallivanting (and often staggering) all over the World doing bogger all… Waken up Joram and admit to what is happening. Just dream of your many deep potholes that US$ 3.5 million could have mended! Reply ↓ Farai May 31, 2017 The minister has now just proven that this is tax payers money by saying ” Every last penny is paid for by the president’s office” – the presidents office is solely funded by taxpayers and therefore when our country is burning Mugabe sees it fit to spend millions of tax payers dollars just so he can play around overseas. Reply ↓ Fallenz June 4, 2017 Agreed. But, someone backed the communist insurgency. Someone chose to pick up weapons and join the fight. Someone killed and maimed innocents with market bombs. Someone put Mugabe in charge. Someone has used violence to keep him in power. Now, I ask… who are those “somebodies”..? Let them step forward and explain how stupid they were. Let them tell us they did not understand that this is how communist-inspired governments work. Let them explain how a communist economy works that provides jobs and opportunities for income, food, and fees for school. Let them explain how one man can steal and squander so much from people who have nothing left. Let those valiant somebodies speak… or let them hide in shame. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search for: Interested in advertising? Most recent today Government’s TB binge could trigger inflation crisis, experts say Barclays deal under threat Chrome miners raise alarm Zimbabwe’s fuel prices unrelenting SA firm loses Mbada asset claim Econet Zimbabwe bemoans growth hurdles Gateway parents in messy school row Top airforce boss grabs school Easy Go sues minister over $132k Mnangagwa’s nephew spared prison Popular this week Popular Comments Today Week Month All Youths humiliate Mugabe (4,118 views) Now Mugabe says Harare stinks (3,560 views) Sekeramayi fallout grows (2,347 views) Mugabe's visit triggers action (2,168 views) 'Mugabe pays Air Zim cash upfront' (1,974 view) War vets back coalition (1,894 view) Mugabe insult cases crumble (1,888 view) Sekeramayi in eye of a storm (1,888 view) MDC-T hails brave Zanu PF official (1,815 view) UPDATE: Presidency disputes Dubai mansion report (1,767 view) Today Week Month All Now Mugabe says Harare stinks Mugabe speaks out against white capital in SA and Zim 'Mugabe pays Air Zim cash upfront' What on Earth is Going On British ‘excessively defensive’ on atrocities in Matabeleland The inconsistencies of black African elitism Why elections won’t solve the crisis Zimbabwe’s Parliament toothless Arrest Moyo, Kasukuwere: War vets Sekeramayi fallout grows Browse by… just the "headlines" by day News Politics the latest articles Latest archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 September 2012 © 2017 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice ECB hints at end to easy money policy The Korea Herald > National > Defense [News Focus] Moon has more targets in military THAAD omission gaffe to lay ground for sweeping military reform, corruption fight   Published : 2017-06-04 18:12 Updated : 2017-06-04 22:18  Former Cheong Wa Dae chief security officer Kim Kwan-jin and incumbent Defense Minister Han Min-koo -- a once powerful pair in South Korea's military hierarcy -- are under investigation for not relaying highly sensitive information to the new administration.  But the issue is only the beginning of trouble for the country’s military brass. President Moon looks set to push ahead with his ideas to reform the military and eradicate corruption -- in particular the dubious connections between the military procurement agency and arms vendors.   “We have to use (the ongoing THAAD scandal) as an opportunity to root out irregularities in military acquisition deals that have brought enormous disappointment to the people,” said Rep. Kim Young-ho of Moon’s governing Democratic Party who is a member of the parliamentary defense committee.  Former security chief Kim Kwan-jin(left) and President Moon Jae-in. Yonhap Topping the list of “irregularities” would be the previous Park Geun-hye administration’s controversial decision to purchase 40 F-35 stealth fighter jets from Lockheed Martin, as part of the country’s next-generation fighters procurement project. Despite the fact that Boeing’s F-15 Silent Eagle had been initially selected as a sole candidate for the project, then Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin, who held the final say over the procedure as a chairman of defense acquisition council, ordered a review of the biding process and selected F-35 in the end. Since April, the nation’s Board of Audit and Inspection has been looking into allegations that Lockheed Martin failed to fulfill its agreement, part of the 7.3 trillion won F-35 deal, to transfer technology to South Korea so that it can build its indigenous aircrafts. Another issue could be the collusion scandal surrounding Korea Aerospace Industries, South Korea’s sole aircraft manufacturer, which produces indigenous air fighters, including supersonic aircraft T-50. In 2015, KAI was accused for creating a slush fund worth of 5.2 billion won ($460 million) and bribing military and political figures with gift vouchers. About one-third of the fund was allegedly used for lobbying efforts. KAI has denied the allegation. Since taking office, President Moon has made eradicating corruption in military on his top priority, describing it as a “deep-rooted evil” that has plagued the country’s national security and readiness posture.  “We will never tolerate irregularities over defense acquisitions,” Lee Soo-hun, a member of Moon’s de facto transition team, said on May 25 after receiving a report from the Defense Acquisition and Procurement Agency. “The issue is so import that we decided to have a (separate) briefing session…Over the past years, the military has found itself in the hot seat from a series of procurement scandals. Now is the time to find ways to fix past wrongdoings and ensure military discipline.” Defense Minister Han Min-koo (left) and Kim Kwang-jin (second from right), former President Park Geun-hye’s chief security adviser, is seen with President Moon Jae-in (right). Yonhap The Moon administration is not the first government that sought to overhaul the scandal-ridden military procurement process, mostly dominated by a revolving door of the defense ministry, acquisition agency and military contractors. In 2014, former President Park ordered a massive probe into dubious military contracts following public outrage over Navy salvage ship ”Tongyeong,“ which failed to participate in the rescue mission of the sunken Sewol ferry due to a malfunction. But the malfunction turned out to be a result of the collusion between the Defense Acquisition and Procurement Agency and former Navy captain, who received 400 million won in kickbacks to introduce a local supplier to DAPA official in charge of acquiring the ship.  The investigation team revealed that collusive practices were pervasive in various procurement contracts, ranging from the purchase of basic gadgets like body armor and rifles to high-tech ones such as submarines and helicopters.   Most of the corruption in procurement took place when each military branch raised its requirement to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, which determine whether to approve the request and have DAPA carry out procurement, said defense officials. ”Every service chief has been so obsessed with their legacy. They tend to think of how many contracts were signed during their tenure as a measure to gauge their performance,“ an Air Force officer who worked for DAPA until last year said under the condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. The majority of unlawful deals are made when the military signs a contract with domestic contractors, who supply the military with maintenance and upgrade components, not the foreign contractors such as the US government, who provide the whole weapon system under the restricted rule. According to the Park administration‘s 2014 investigation on the collusion in military procurement, the Navy topped the list for engaging in wrongdoings, with a total amount of illegal projects amounting to 840 billion won ($750 million). The reason is, acquisition officials and experts said, that the Navy’s procurement was mostly about purchasing components from domestic suppliers for maintaining and outfitting the warships, which suffered from frequent malfunctions during the operation. President Moon vowed to impose harsh punishment on those involved with procurement irregularities. On the campaign trail, Moon said that corrupted officials will face punishment equivalent to a treason charge and contractors would be permanently barred from bidding processes if they are found guilty of wrongdoings. Lockheed Martin`s F-35 stealth fighter. Yonhap ”If anyone were found to have engaged in acquisition collusion, they would face severe punishment equivalent to the punishment on treason,“ Moon said in April when he was a presidential candidate for the Democratic Party of Korea, which last year sought to enact a bill including a similar idea to Moon’s.  The president also vowed to enhance civilian oversight over the procurement process by granting more authority to economic branches and outside entities and encouraging more civilian participation in the government-led, procurement decision-making body. DAPA would be transformed into a body with more transparency and expertise. Created in 2006, the agency has been under scrutiny for a lack of military expertise, civilian oversight and collusion from revolving doors between its officials and contractors with a DAPA background. But too much control would lead to excessive regulation on the defense industry, one of the most lucrative export businesses for South Korea, analysts noted, warning against the possibility that the overhaul movement would be reduced to political bickering. For example, former President Park’s extensive investigation was criticized as a stunt to dive the people away from the Sewol tragedy as most of prosecuted high-profile generals were found innocent including former Navy chief Hwang Ki-chul, who is now on the list for the next defense minister or DAPA chief. “Procurement scandal is the result of a break-up in the cartel created decades ago between the government and defense industry,” said Yang Uk, senior research fellow at the Korea Security and Defense Forum. “To some extent, it was somewhat inevitable, taking place because of the change of the economy.” “Therefore, the issue should be seen from a broader perspective. We have to view it as a part of the effort to overhaul the military policy as a whole. Otherwise, investigation into the scandal could be subject to a political witch hunt.” By Yeo Jun-suk (jasonyeo@hearldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. ECB hints at end to easy mon... 2. Iran says 5 Tehran attackers... 3. Venezuela reaches U20 World ... 4. 4 dead in murder-suicide in ... 5. Fierce clashes as US-backed ... 6. Top Korean sports body to na... 7. Smoking kills 7 million a y... 8. ‘Comfort women’ victims su... 9. DSME to receive emergency W2... 10. Moon blasts NK missile test,... 1. Itaewon bar accused of discr... 2. N. Korea fires multiple grou... 3. Kang apologizes for misdeeds... 4. THAAD deployment is on hold:... 5. Competition heats up in AI-p... 6. North Korea fires multiple a... 7. T.O.P still ‘unconscious’:... 8. Big Bang's T.O.P hospitalize... 9. G-Dragon drops new solo albu... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Nikhil United States Satellite Payloads Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 MarketResearchNest.com adds “United States Satellite Payloads Market Report 2017” new report to its research database. The report spread across 102 pages with table and figures in it.   Geographically, this report splits the United States market into seven regions: The West Southwest The Middle Atlantic New England The South The Midwest with sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Satellite Payloads in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast). United States Satellite Payloads market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Satellite Payloads sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Airbus Group Raytheon Company Thales Group Lockheed Martin Corporation Honeywell International Inc. Harris Corporation Boeing Company Viasat, Inc. Space Exploration Technologies Corporation SSL                 Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/united-states-satellite-payloads-market-report-2017.html   On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Communication Imaging Navigation Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Satellite Payloads for each application, including Telecommunication Remote Sensing Scientific research Surveillance Navigation   Order a Purchase Report Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=215175   Major Points in Table of content   List of Tables and Figures Figure Product Picture of Satellite Payloads Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Size (K Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Fixed Wing Product Picture Figure Rotary Wing Product Picture Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Size (K Units) by Application (2012-2022) Figure United States Sales Market Share of Satellite Payloads by Application in 2016 Figure Commercial Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Commercial Figure Military Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Military Figure Consumer Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Consumer Figure Others Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Others Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Size (Million USD) by Region (2012-2022) Figure The West Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southwest Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The Middle Atlantic Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure New England Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The South of US Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The Midwest Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Major Players Product Sales Volume (K Units) (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Sales (K Units) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Sales Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 United States Satellite Payloads Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 United States Satellite Payloads Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers Table United States Market Satellite Payloads Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure United States Market Satellite Payloads Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Players/Suppliers in 2016 Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Share of Top 3 Players/Suppliers Figure United States Satellite Payloads Market Share of Top 5 Players/Suppliers Table United States Players/Suppliers Satellite Payloads Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area Table United States Players/Suppliers Satellite Payloads Product Category Table United States Satellite Payloads Sales (K Units) by Region (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Sales Market Share by Region in 2016 Table United States Satellite Payloads Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Satellite Payloads Revenue Market Share by Region in 2016   Request a sample copy at  https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=215175   About Us:            MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and service Satellite Payloads on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on global industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us          Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070(U.S) +44-20-3290-4151(U.K) Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesGoogle News, Space TagsSatellite Payloads, Satellite Payloads Analysis, Satellite Payloads Growth, Satellite Payloads Industry, Satellite Payloads Industry Trends, Satellite Payloads Market, Satellite Payloads Share, Satellite Payloads Size, Satellite Payloads Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 to 2022 United States Thin-Film Transistor-Liquid Crystal Display Market Research Analysis Report Next PostNext New Head Chef Heats Up the Kitchen at Apricot Hotel Hanoi Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About US Contact US Thursday June 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Cyber Security Defence Intelligence Police Security Economics Environment Global Regions Africa Americas Canada Latin America United States of America Asia Pacific Asia Pacific Australia China India Japan New Zealand Europe Baltics Eurozone Ireland Russia Scandinavia United Kingdom Contracts For June 5, 2017 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 6, 2017  /  Comments Off on Contracts For June 5, 2017       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: United States Department of Defense Headline: Contracts For June 5, 2017 CONTRACTS  ARMY Beshenich Muir and Associates LLC,* Leavenworth, Kansas, was awarded a $200,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract to provide instructor, training support and training development services. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 25 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of Oct. 27, 2021. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Fort Eustis, Virginia, is the contracting activity (W911S0-17-D-0019). EXP Federal Inc., Chicago, Illinois, was awarded a $32,643,122 firm-fixed-price contract to provide technical services including, but not limited to, inspections, assessments, repairs, reports and training for facilities and operations related projects. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Kuwait, with an estimated completion date of June 4, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $15,661,881 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntsville, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W912DY-17-F-0149).   AIR FORCE   Woolpert Inc., Dayton, Ohio (FA0021-17-D-0004); Stanley-UC-Cardo JV, Muscatine, Iowa (FA0021-17-D-0005); and HDR Engineering Inc., Omaha, Nebraska (FA0021-17-D-0006), have been awarded a combined, not-to-exceed $40,000,000 firm-fixed-price, multiple award indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for architectural-engineering (A-E) services. Contractors will provide in-house environmental planning, programming and A-E services. Work will be performed at various U.S. and international locations including Hurlburt Field, Florida, and is expected to be complete by May 31, 2022. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with three offers received. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. The 765th Specialized Contracting Flight, Hurlburt Field, Florida, is the contracting activity.   NAVY   EDO Corp., Amityville, New York, is being awarded $15,164,935 for modification P00004 to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract (N00019-16-C-0050) for the procurement of 17 BRU-75A and BRU-76A Bomb Rack Unit ship sets for the Navy (11); and the governments of Australia (4); and UK (2), in support of the P-8A Lot 8 aircraft.  Work will be performed in Amityville, New York, and is expected to be completed in February 2022.  Fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy); cooperative engagement agreement; and foreign military sales funds in the amount of $15,164,935 are being obligated on this award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract combines purchases for the Navy ($9,812,605; 64.7 percent); the government of Australia ($3,568,220; 23.5 percent); under a cooperative engagement agreement and the government of the UK($1,784,110; 11.8 percent) under the Foreign Military Sales program.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Raytheon Co., Tucson, Arizona, is being awarded a $12,547,749 firm-fixed-price modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-15-C-5406) for hardware kits in support of the Phalanx Close-In-Weapon-System (CIWS) program.  The Phalanx CIWS hardware kits are intended to upgrade the Phalanx weapons system to the latest approved configuration.  Work will be performed in El Segundo, California (80 percent); and Louisville, Kentucky (20 percent), and is expected to be completed by March 2019.  Fiscal 2017 weapons procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $12,547,749 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity. NAVMAR Applied Sciences Corp.,* Warminster, Pennsylvania, is being awarded $12,527,206 for cost-plus-fixed-fee delivery order N6833517F0118 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N68335-14-G-0040) to provide engineering analyses, advanced intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance sensor evaluation, and enhanced surveillance capabilities to the deployed warfighter that can be integrated into existing naval platforms to support the Special Operations Command’s Special Surveillance Program activities.  These efforts are in support of Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Phase III work that derives from, extends, or completes an effort performed under SBIR Topics N08-023 Precision High Altitude Sonobuoy Emplacement, N92-170 LADAR Identification Demonstrations, and AF083-006 Low Cost Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, Unmanned Aerial Vehicle.  Work will be performed in Tampa, Florida (20 percent); Yuma, Arizona (20 percent); Lexington Park, Maryland (15 percent); Florham Park, New Jersey (15 percent); Guthrie, Oklahoma (10 percent); Johnstown, Pennsylvania (10 percent); and Fort Lauderdale, Florida (10 percent), and is expected to be completed in June 2019.  Fiscal 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation (defense-wide) funds in the amount of $60,650 will be obligated on this award, $10,650 of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Lakehurst, New Jersey, is the contracting activity.   The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded $11,601,558 for cost-plus-fixed-fee modification 01 to delivery order N0001917F1032 under previously issued against basic ordering agreement N00019-16-G-0001 for production engineering support for the installation and integration of systems required for the F/A-18 E/F and EA-18G and Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System follow on test and evaluation.  Work will be performed in Patuxent River, Maryland (75 percent); and St. Louis, Missouri (25 percent), and is expected to be completed in May 2018.  Fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $11,601,558 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Rockwell Collins Inc., Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is being awarded $9,145,465 for modification P00063 to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract (N00019-13-C-0004) for the procurement of upgrades for the Block I Sustainment and Support System in support of the E-6B Block I aircraft.  This modification is an engineering change proposal for technology refresh, obsolescence mitigation, and material and software builds.  Work will be performed in Richardson, Texas, and is expected to be completed in October 2018.  Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $9,145,465 are being obligated at time of award, all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.   DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY   Phoenix Products Inc.,* McKee, Kentucky, has been awarded a maximum $7,508,987 firm-fixed-price requirements contract for reusable shipping and storage containers. This is a three-year base contract with two one-year option periods. This was a competitive acquisition with seven responses received. Location of performance is Kentucky, with a June 5, 2020, performance completion date. Using military service is Navy. Type of funding is fiscal 2017 through 2020 APN6 funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPRPA1-17-D-001W).   *Small business     Print       Email Published: 2 days ago on June 6, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 6, 2017 @ 10:36 am Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, Americas, Defence, Defense, English, Environment, Intelligence, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Security, United States Department of Defense, United States Government, United States of America, US Security NEXT ARTICLE → National Safety Month ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Sea Ice as a Way of Life About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mobile Robotics Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2017-2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/05/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Mobile Robotics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025″. Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/3015 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world’s leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3015 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe’s Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types Unmanned Ground Vehicles Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Unmanned Surface Vehicles Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application Industrial Service By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Germany France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa UAE Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of MEA Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/mobile-robotics-market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious West County Plastic Surgeons in St. Louis Contributes to a Study on Nipple-Sparing Mastectomy Patients Next PostNext Helix Announces Executive Management Team Succession Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Spacesuit Market 2017 Anticipated to Grow at 7.21% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast Global Spacesuit Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Spacesuit industry. The Spacesuit Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 7.21% during the years 2017-2021. Spacesuit Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Spacesuit market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Spacesuit Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657120 Spacesuit Market Segmentation by: Types:  EVA suits, IVA suits. Spacesuits are worn by astronauts in outer space for keeping themselves alive in space. They are also worn by the crew members inside a spacecraft as a safety mechanism in case of loss of cabin pressure. The global spacesuit market is significantly consolidated with the presence of a limited number of vendors and buyers, where National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and ROSCOSMOS (Russian Space Agency) are the major end-users of spacesuits. The Spacesuit Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Implementation of 3D printing technologies. Challenges:  High development costs. Trends:  Investments in development of wearable tech glasses, Emerging space travel concept, Development of multipurpose garments. Browse Detailed Information on Global Spacesuit Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657120 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Spacesuit market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Spacesuit industry. Global Spacesuit Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda, Oceaneering International, and many more. The Spacesuit Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10657120 The Spacesuit market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Spacesuit market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Spacesuit industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsSpacesuit Industry, Spacesuit Industry Growth, Spacesuit market, Spacesuit market analysis, Spacesuit Market forecast, Spacesuit Market Growth, Spacesuit market research, Spacesuit Market Shares, Spacesuit Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of HCSB Financial Corp. to United Community Banks, Inc. is Fair to Shareholders Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Petrofac Limited Posted on 5 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Spacesuit Market 2017 Anticipated to Grow at 7.21% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast Global Spacesuit Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Spacesuit industry. The Spacesuit Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 7.21% during the years 2017-2021. Spacesuit Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Spacesuit market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Spacesuit Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657120 Spacesuit Market Segmentation by: Types:  EVA suits, IVA suits. Spacesuits are worn by astronauts in outer space for keeping themselves alive in space. They are also worn by the crew members inside a spacecraft as a safety mechanism in case of loss of cabin pressure. The global spacesuit market is significantly consolidated with the presence of a limited number of vendors and buyers, where National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and ROSCOSMOS (Russian Space Agency) are the major end-users of spacesuits. The Spacesuit Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Implementation of 3D printing technologies. Challenges:  High development costs. Trends:  Investments in development of wearable tech glasses, Emerging space travel concept, Development of multipurpose garments. Browse Detailed Information on Global Spacesuit Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657120 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Spacesuit market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Spacesuit industry. Global Spacesuit Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda, Oceaneering International, and many more. The Spacesuit Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10657120 The Spacesuit market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Spacesuit market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Spacesuit industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsSpacesuit Industry, Spacesuit Industry Growth, Spacesuit market, Spacesuit market analysis, Spacesuit Market forecast, Spacesuit Market Growth, Spacesuit market research, Spacesuit Market Shares, Spacesuit Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of HCSB Financial Corp. to United Community Banks, Inc. is Fair to Shareholders Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Petrofac Limited Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mobile Robotics Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2017-2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/05/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Mobile Robotics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025″. Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/3015 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world’s leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3015 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe’s Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types Unmanned Ground Vehicles Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Unmanned Surface Vehicles Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application Industrial Service By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Germany France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa UAE Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of MEA Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/mobile-robotics-market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious West County Plastic Surgeons in St. Louis Contributes to a Study on Nipple-Sparing Mastectomy Patients Next PostNext Helix Announces Executive Management Team Succession Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS SCIENCE TECH CULTURE LIFE VIDEO SPORTS MORE NEWSLETTER ABOUT SITEMAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER CONTACTS Motif|Vocativ SHARE SHARE HOME NEWS SCIENCE TECH CULTURE LIFE VIDEO SPORTS NEWSLETTER ABOUT SITEMAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER CONTACTS tech The Tech Titans Pushing For A ‘Virtual’ Border Wall By Jessica Leber Jun 05, 2017 After String Of Violence, ISIS Calls For More Attacks In US, Europe By Adi Cohen Jun 07, 2017 DHS Face Recognition Tech Could See Through Car Windows By Joshua Kopstein Jun 07, 2017 Despite Trump ‘Wiretap’ Rants, White House Endorses Spy Bill By Kevin Collier Jun 07, 2017 Trans Porn Stars Take On The Mainstream In Groundbreaking Shoot By Tracy Clark-Flory Jun 07, 2017 Major Websites Plan Day Of Protest Over Net Neutrality Gutting By Joshua Kopstein Jun 06, 2017 Uber Fires 20 Following Sexual Harassment Investigation By Allee Manning Jun 06, 2017 What Should Web Platforms Do About Hate Speech? By Sara Morrison Jun 06, 2017 JetBlue’s New Face Recognition Boarding Poses Privacy Risks By Joshua Kopstein Jun 06, 2017 Tim Cook Says Apple Is Working With UK In Terror Investigations By Allee Manning Jun 06, 2017 Supreme Court Will Finally Decide If Cops Need Warrant To Track Phones By Joshua Kopstein Jun 05, 2017 US POLITICS The Tech Titans Pushing For A ‘Virtual’ Border Wall Border surveillance technologies are having a revival Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey — REUTERS By Jessica Leber Jun 05, 2017 at 1:10 PM ET President Trump’s proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall may or may not ever get built, but that doesn’t mean a “virtual border wall” — an idea some of his supporters see as more feasible — isn’t also a boondoggle waiting to happen. The New York Times reported on Sunday that the controversial founder of virtual reality company Oculus, Palmer Luckey, is working on a startup that would develop technologies to patrol U.S. borders with sensors, cameras, lidar, and AI-powered software — all technologies similar to those used in self-driving cars. According to the publication, Luckey has already met with the administration and has the backing of another Silicon Valley Trump supporter, Peter Thiel. The administration has been pushing for more technology to police the border. The Department of Homeland Security has been inundated with bids to supply small drones to federal border agents. DHS says the drones should be equipped with facial recognition and are intended to track people on foot or in vehicles from three miles away, according to a request for proposals cited by NBC News in May. They would supplement the larger Predator B drones already operated by the agency. In Arizona, a portion of a “virtual” wall is already taking shape. According to NextGov, DHS is spending $145 million to install six towers in Arizona, equipped with video cameras and sensors on the look out for human trafficking and drug smuggling. An Israeli company won the contract in 2014, in part due to its experience developing that country’s border wall technology. The concept of a virtual “wall” dates back decades, at least to the Vietnam War. The Arizona initiative is what’s left after the Obama administration canceled a much larger effort to build up border surveillance technology in 2011 (though the effort still cost $1 billion). A 28-mile test of the concept, which involved nine surveillance towers built by Boeing, was plagued by mismanagement and technical difficulties in the harsh desert environment. Digital surveillance also didn’t seem to achieve the desired effect either: One study showed previous efforts using border surveillance technologies between 1998 and 2005 rarely led to arrests. Camera, sensor, and image recognition technologies have obviously advanced a lot since the 2000s. But building a metaphorical border wall with technology isn’t as straightforward as it might seem, and defense contractors like Boeing and Lockheed Martin have been involved in these efforts for years. That, of course, won’t stop Trump’s supporters from trying to “disrupt” this industry and speed up the pace of research and development. For example, one Fort Worth company is pushing its idea for an improved border sensor network to Congress. Luckey apparently believes he can do better. “We are spending more than ever on defense technology, yet the pace of innovation has been slowing for decades,” he told the New York Times in a statement. “We need a new kind of defense company, one that will save taxpayer dollars while creating superior technology to keep our troops and citizens safer.”  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Satellite Payloads Market is projected to reach USD 18.15 billion by 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer 05 Jun, 2017, 13:29 ET Share this article LONDON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Highlights ·         Increased demand for hosted payloads, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction will drive the satellite payloads market ·         The satellite payloads market is estimated to be USD 11.84 billion in 2017 and is projected to reach USD 18.15 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.92% during the forecast period. ·         Increased demand for hosted payloads, satellite miniaturization, and reducing costs of satellites are factors expected to fuel the growth of the satellite payloads market. ·         The LEO segment is expected to lead while the GEO segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period ·         The communication payload segment is expected to lead while the imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period ·         The imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. ·         This payload includes cameras and radars, which aid in capturing images and data for remote sensing during earth observation, surveillance, and mapping. ·         The telecommunication segment is estimated to lead while the remote sensing segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period ·         North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the satellite payloads market in 2017 ·         The North American is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market in 2017. ·         Disruptive technologies in the region's satellite industry help transform the way the companies do their businesses. ·         The North American satellite payloads market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. "Increased demand for hosted payloads, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction will drive the satellite payloads market" The satellite payloads market is estimated to be USD 11.84 billion in 2017 and is projected to reach USD 18.15 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.92% during the forecast period. Increased demand for hosted payloads, satellite miniaturization, and reducing costs of satellites are factors expected to fuel the growth of the satellite payloads market. However, high R&D cost and the scarce intellectual asset may act as restraints for the growth of the satellite payloads market. "The LEO segment is expected to lead while the GEO segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period" Based on orbit type, the LEO (low earth orbit) segment is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market during the forecast period. Satellite payloads designed for LEO are mainly used for earth observation, remote sensing, and mobile & telecommunication services due to lower latency. The GEO (geosynchronous orbit) segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. These satellites are majorly used for telephone networks, TV & radio broadcast, and weather forecast. "The communication payload segment is expected to lead while the imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period" Based on payload type, the communication payload segment is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market during the forecast period. This payload type, used for transmitting highly critical data, is used in the telecommunication and broadcasting industries on a larger scale. The imaging payload segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. This payload includes cameras and radars, which aid in capturing images and data for remote sensing during earth observation, surveillance, and mapping. "The telecommunication segment is estimated to lead while the remote sensing segment is projected to witness the highest growth in the satellite payloads market during the forecast period Based on application, the telecommunication segment is estimated to dominate the satellite payloads market during the forecast period. Owing to the increase in research and development activities, communication-related missions are expected to offer enhanced quality communication systems with the help of highly sophisticated miniaturized on-board nano, micro, and mini subsystems. The remote sensing application segment is projected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period. "North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the satellite payloads market in 2017" The North American is estimated to lead the satellite payloads market in 2017. Disruptive technologies in the region's satellite industry help transform the way the companies do their businesses. The North American satellite payloads market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. Break-up of profiles of primary participants in this report: • By Company Type: Tier 1 – 35%, Tier 2 – 45%, and Tier 3 – 20% • By Designation: C Level – 35%, Director Level – 25%, Others – 40% • By Region: North America - 45%, Europe – 20%, Asia-Pacific – 30%, RoW – 5% Key players profiled in the satellite payloads market report include Airbus Defence and Space (France), Boeing (U.S.), Thales Group (France), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), and Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (Japan), among others. Research Coverage The study segments the satellite payloads market on the basis of orbit type, payload type, payload weight, vehicle type, frequency band, application, platform, and maps these segments and subsegments across major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and RoW. On the basis of orbit type, the satellite payloads market has been segmented into LEO, GEO, and MEO. On the basis of payload type, the market has been segmented into communication, imaging, navigation, and others. Based on payload weight, the market has been segmented into low, medium, and high. Based on vehicle type, the market has been segmented into small and medium-to-heavy. On the basis of frequency band, the market has been segmented into C, K/KU/KA band, S & L band, X band, VHF & UHF band, and others. And on the basis of application, the market has been segmented into telecommunication, remote sensing, scientific research, surveillance, and navigation. The report provides in-depth market intelligence regarding market dynamics and major factors, such as drivers, restraints, opportunities, and industry-specific challenges influencing the growth of the satellite payloads market, along with analyzing micromarkets with respect to individual growth trends, future prospects, and their contribution to the satellite payloads market. Reasons to buy this report: From an insight perspective, this research report focuses on various levels of analyses — industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss basic views on competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the satellite payloads market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: • Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on satellite payload offerings by top players in the market • Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the satellite payloads market • Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative markets – the report analyzes the markets for satellite payloads across regions • Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the satellite payloads market • Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the satellite payloads market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4916092/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/satellite-payloads-market-is-projected-to-reach-usd-1815-billion-by-2022-300468734.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com 05 Jun, 2017, 13:33 ET Preview: Steel Rebar Market expected to reach USD 154.08 billion by 2021 05 Jun, 2017, 13:26 ET Preview: Offshore Wind Market is expected to reach USD 55.11 billion by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07 Jun, 2017, 08:56 ET IT Spending Market in South East Asia 2017-2021 07 Jun, 2017, 08:56 ET Global Forklift Trucks Market 2017-2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Satellite Payloads Market is projected to reach USD 18.15 billion by 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer 05 Jun, 2017, 13:29 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Graham: 'Half of what Trump does is not OK' but it's not a crime Ballot Box — 25s ago 'Morning Joe' co-host: Trump may be 'mentally ill' Media — 5m 28s ago Kamala Harris blasts Trump over loyalty oath Senate — 8m 11s ago ABC News report on Comey-Trump investigation still uncorrected Media — 9m 44s ago Liberal group MoveOn calls for Trump to be impeached Blog Briefing Room — 13m 54s ago Maine senator: Intel chiefs’ evasiveness on Trump means 'there was something to discuss’ Senate — 21m 13s ago The sexist way we pile on Hillary Clinton and stifle women in democracy Contributors — 26m 2s ago Intelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ Blog Briefing Room — 39m 21s ago view all   Air Force wants 14 more F-35s in latest wish list By Ellen Mitchell - 06/05/17 01:15 PM EDT 51   © Getty Images The Air Force wants $10.7 billion in additional funding, more than half of which would be put toward more aircraft and readiness, according to its unfunded priorities list sent to lawmakers. The list of priorities that weren't outlined in the Air Force fiscal 2018 budget request includes $6.7 billion for modernization and readiness needs, including $1.76 billion for 14 more Lockheed Martin-made F-35A joint strike fighters. The service’s fiscal 2018 request includes 46 of the aircraft. “The Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) has forced us to make sacrifices as we balance readiness and modernization,” the Air Force writes in its justification for the F-35 ask. ADVERTISEMENT “This has slowed modernization of our 4th-generation aircraft. With increased funding, we would invest in these capabilities now to ensure they do not compete for funding with critical nuclear and space requirements in the out-years.” The document, obtained by The Hill, lists $600 million for three additional Boeing-made KC-46 tankers to more quickly replace older legacy tankers, $1.2 billion for 12 MC-130J special operations tankers and $100 million for one additional HC-130J search and rescue aircraft, the latter two both made by Lockheed. In addition, the Air Force wants $103 million for A-10 wings, $181 million for B-2 bomber modifications and $284.6 million to continue the EC-X Compass Call aircraft — including $117 million to buy one plane. The service also wants $70 million for a prototype directed energy weapon able to knock out multiple digital electronic systems, describing the technology as “game changing.” The list also included $772 million for space, $360 million for nuclear deterrence operations and $563 million for cybersecurity. In addition, the Air Force asks for $363.3 million for its No. 1 priority: airmen equipment, training, instructors and sustainment. The service also wants $1.8 billion for infrastructure. Congress asks for unfunded lists from each service on an annual basis. The documents help guide lawmakers as they work through the budget requests and form policy and spending bills.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 CNN issues correction after Comey... CNN has corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI... 2,065 Shares 2 Live coverage: Comey testifies... Keep up with The Hill for live coverage of James Comey's testimony. 1,064 Shares 3 What to watch for in Comey’s... Former FBI Director James Comey will make his first public appearance... 828 Shares 4 Pence cancels interview with PBS Pence was running late during a trip to Houston on Wednesday, his office... 450 Shares 5 The key players to watch at Comey’... The eyes of the nation will be on the Senate Intelligence Committee... 426 Shares 6 Outside groups rally to back up... The reinforcements have arrived. As President Trump stares down one of the... 416 Shares 7 Comey’s dramatic account on Trump... President Trump repeatedly sought to influence the FBI’s investigation... 394 Shares 8 US attorney fired by Trump has... A former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump earlier this year... 353 Shares 9 Exclusive: GOP lawmaker talked... Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) has boasted about how much money he’s made for... 328 Shares 10 DC bar to offer free drinks for... A Washington bar is offering a round of drinks every time President Trump... 274 Shares 11 49 questions for James Comey Senators in both parties have been salivating at the chance to ask James... 262 Shares 12 The UK election: What you need to... Voters in Britain will go to the polls on Thursday following three deadly... 234 Shares 13 Puerto Rico goes to the polls for... Looking for the Spanish version? Click here.Puerto Rico’s government is... 229 Shares 14 Trump’s FBI pick a ‘warning shot’... President Trump's choice to nominate an FBI director with ties to New... 200 Shares 15 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 182 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / The military has a wish list for Congress — and it’s more than $31 billion long The military has a wish list for Congress — and it’s more than $31 billion long Posted on Monday, June 5, 2017 by CNN in Election The military has a wish list for Congress — and it’s more than $31 billion long. The military services have sent Congress their annual “unfunded requirements” lists, known as the military “wish lists” around Capitol Hill. The lists, obtained by CNN, ask for additional planes, ships, tanks and money for training and manpower that they could not include in their budget request but still would like Congress to fund if money wasn’t an object. President Donald Trump’s defense budget, unveiled last month, is seeking a 9.8% increase over the Fiscal Year 2017 request, the wish lists ask for increased spending on top of that. In recent years, congressional Republicans have used the wish lists as blueprints for what to add to the defense budget. Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who served under both Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, tried to put a stop to the wish lists, arguing the services used them to circumvent the Defense Department’s budgetary wishes. But the lists came back under Gates’ successors and have been issued every year since. This year, they include big requests: The Army is seeking another $12.7 billion, the Air Force is asking for $10.7 billion, the Navy wants an extra $4.8 billion and the Marine Corps $3.2 billion. The unfunded requests are sure to fuel calls from defense hawks — who complained that Trump’s budget failed to strengthen the military as much as they would like — to boost the defense budget above the $603 billion request and up to the $640 billion that Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain and House Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry are seeking. Here’s a look at what’s included in the military’s wish lists: Readiness and training The services say restoring readiness is their highest priority. The military has warned that it has slashed training and readiness programs in recent years in order to grapple with budget constraints, cutting training for units that aren’t immediately deploying and deferring maintenance for ships, planes and more. The Navy’s list includes maintenance for a host of items, while the Air Force says training is its top unfunded requirement. The Air Force list includes $79 million for battlefield airmen training, and $83 million for additional F-35 maintenance training instructors. The Army, meanwhile, says it’s asking for an additional $590 million in training dollars. Additional F-35 Joint Strike Fighters The Air Force: $1.7 billion for 14 F-35s The Marines: $616 million for four F-35Bs jets and another $260 million for two of the Navy’s F-35C models. The Navy: $540 million for four additional F-35 fighters. The fighter jet has been in development for nearly 15 years and is touted as the most advanced weapons system of the modern era, combining stealth capabilities, supersonic speed, extreme agility and state-of-the-art sensor fusion technology. It comes in three variants. The A version is flown by the US Air Force, the B version by the Marines, and the C version will become part of the US Navy’s fleet. All three services are anxious to integrate the F-35 into the fleet despite the fact the jet is still in development. Another 17,000 Army soldiers The Army is asking for $3.1 billion in order to pay for an additional 17,000 soldiers. The $3.1 billion for “increased capacity,” as the Army puts it, would pay for 10,000 additional active soldiers, 4,000 more in the Army National Guard, and 3,000 in the Army Reserve. Munitions and helicopters The Army is seeking an assortment of new equipment, including additional missiles, ammunition and helicopters. The Army wish list seeks $2.3 billion for munitions, including $1.3 billion for Patriot surface-to-air missiles and an additional $800 million for ammunition. The service’s modernization wish list nearly tops $4.9 billion. The request asks for an additional nine AH-64E Apache helicopters, three UH-60V Black Hawk helicopters and nine CH-47F Chinooks. The Army is also seeking funds for 33 more Bradley Fighting Vehicles, 29 Abrams Tanks and 35 Hercules Recovery Vehicles. Navy aircraft: 10 F/A-18 Super Hornets: $739 million As it waits for the F-35 to become operational, the Navy hopes it can add more F/A-18 Super Hornets to help update its aging air fleet. The Navy already included funding for 14 Super Hornets in its initial FY18 budget but is asking for 10 additional aircraft. Boeing has continuously updated the Super Hornet with new electronics, bigger fuel tanks and new stealth features. The Navy estimates a portion of their current F/A-18 fleet will remain in use through 2030. Six P-8A Poseidon surveillance aircraft: $1 billion The P-8A Poseidon is the Navy’s newest maritime, patrol and reconnaissance aircraft — capable of conducting anti-submarine warfare and anti-surface warfare missions as well as performing intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance tasks. 45 CMV-22B Ospreys: $392 million The CV-22 Osprey is a tiltrotor aircraft that combines the vertical takeoff, hover and vertical landing qualities of a helicopter with the long-range, fuel efficiency and speed characteristics of a turboprop aircraft, according to the Air Force. It specializes in long-range infiltration, exfiltration and resupply missions for special operations forces. Air Force aircraft A-10 Thunderbolt II: $83 million in funding to give new wings to four A-10s Retirement rumors have swirled around the US military’s venerable close-air support aircraft for years, but the battle-tested airplane, known as the Warthog, will live to fight for at least the foreseeable future, according to the Air Force. The Air Force hopes this upgrade will help extend the life of the 1970s-era aircraft. Three KC-46A tankers: $600 million The KC-46A Pegasus is designed to carry passengers, cargo and injured military personal and can “detect, avoid, defeat and survive threats using multiple layers of protection, which will enable it to operate safely in medium-threat environments,” according to Boeing. Boeing plans to build 179 KC-46 aircraft for the US Air Force. 12 MC-130J refueling aircraft: $1.2 billion Marine Corps aircraft In addition to more F-35s, the Marines want more aircraft and helicopters. The Marine wish list includes: Four KC-130J aircraft: $356 million Two CH-53K King Stallion helicopters: $288 million Two MV-22 Ospreys: $181 million The Marines are also asking for $221 million for seven AH-1Z attack helicopters, $312 million for another five ship-to-shore connectors and $228 million for two C-40A transport planes. Littoral Combat Ship upgrades Upgrades to four littoral combat ships: $84 million The Navy is asking for upgraded radars, decoys and electronic warfare systems on four of its littoral combat ships. Submarine upgrades Upgrades to three Virginia-class submarines: $76 million The Navy is asking to upgrade the combat systems of three of its Virginia-class attack submarines. Along with the ability to attack onshore targets with Tomahawk cruise missile, Virginia-class attack submarines conduct long-term surveillance of land areas and are used in anti-submarine and anti-ship warfare along with minefield mapping capabilities. White House: Trump will not exert executive privilege over Comey Aides wanted Trump to focus on infrastructure. Then he tweeted. Related Posts This photo the House Republicans tweeted out is making some waves CIA Director Mike Pompeo to brief House intelligence panel Tuesday FBI director reiterates need for encrypted data O’Malley ‘tired’ of Clinton email talk Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Report 2017-2021: Local and International Vendors in the Market Face Stiff Competition From Other Fuel Cell Manufacturers as Well as From Alternative Technologies - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global aircraft fuel cells market to grow at a CAGR of 6.37% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aircraft fuel cells market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of aircraft fuel cells. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. A small UAV needs an engine that is lightweight and highly efficient. In addition, the engine has to be powered by that has a high-energy density. As of 2015, the batteries used in many small electric UAVs could allow flight for less than an hour, which was one of the main challenges. However, increased spending on the R&D of battery and power systems is a positive trend. According to the report, due to high operating temperatures (<1,832°F) of SOFCs, they can run on almost every carbon-based fuel to generate electricity and power. sustainable fuels such as syngas, pure and impure hydrogen, and biofuels can be used to operate SOFCs. They can also endure fossil fuel impurities such as ammonia and chlorides, which enable a wider application area for SOFCs. Further, the report states that many local and international vendors in the market face stiff competition from other fuel cell manufacturers as well as from alternative technologies such as solar energy and energy storage applications such as batteries and ICEs. These technologies have already established themselves, making it a challenge for fuel cells to gain wider acceptance. Key Topics Covered Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Geographical segmentation Part 07: Market drivers Part 08: Impact of drivers Part 09: Market challenges Part 10: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 11: Market trends Part 12: Vendor landscape Part 13: Appendix Key vendors Airbus Ballard Power Systems Boeing Hydrogenics NUVERA FUEL CELLS Serenergy For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8n6ddl/global_aircraft Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-aircraft-fuel-cells-market-report-2017-2021-local-and-international-vendors-in-the-market-face-stiff-competition-from-other-fuel-cell-manufacturers-as-well-as-from-alternative-technologies---research-and-markets-300468593.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 12:40 ET Preview: Global Talc Market 2017-2021 - Increase in Demand from Plastics Industry - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 12:20 ET Preview: Asia-Pacific $900+ Oil & Gas Pipeline Leak and Theft Detection Market, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market Report 2017-2021: Local and International Vendors in the Market Face Stiff Competition From Other Fuel Cell Manufacturers as Well as From Alternative Technologies - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Science Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 02 02 PM IST Isro scripts history with GSLV Mark III rocket, GSAT-19 satellite launch Isro’s latest satellite launch—the GSAT-19 onboard the GSLV MK III rocket—is its heaviest payload yet, demonstrating its capability to hurl next-gen satellites into orbit and carry astronauts to outer space Subscribe to our newsletter. Sharan Poovanna Isro on Monday launched the GSLV Mark III rocket with the GSAT-19 satellite onboard from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. Photo: PTI Bengaluru: The Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) launched its heaviest rocket— the GSLV MK III—to put the GSAT-19 communications satellite into orbit, in a demonstration of its capability to hurl next-generation satellites into orbit and carry astronauts into outer space. At 5.28pm, the 43m, 640-tonne geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (GSLV) Mark III (D1), lifted off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. The rocket’s mission was to place the 3,136kg GSAT-19 communications satellite into a geosynchronous transfer orbit (GTO) at 36,000km above earth. The successful first developmental flight opens up commercial opportunities for Isro to launch heavy satellites for foreign customers besides reducing its own dependence on foreign space organizations such as Arianespace SA. It demonstrates Isro’s ability to launch satellites weighing as much as 3.5-4 tonnes, up from 2.2-2.3 tons in the past. “The GSLV-MKIII D1/GSAT-19 mission takes India closer to the next generation launch vehicle and satellite capability. The nation is proud,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi wrote in a Twitter message. The launch is the latest in a string of successes for Isro, which in February launched a record-breaking 104 nano satellites into orbit, all onboard a single rocket. On 5 May, Isro launched the 2,230kg GSAT-9 to boost connectivity among South Asian countries. In November 2013, India launched a space probe that has been orbiting Mars since September. Last year, in nine missions, it placed 32 satellites in orbit. ALSO READ: Isro’s GSAT-19, 11 satellites set to be game changers in communications The Mars feat burnished India’s reputation as a reliable low-cost option for space exploration, with its $73 million price tag drastically undercutting US space agency NASA’s $671-million Maven Mars mission. The GSLV-Mark III rocket is India’s heaviest rocket, weighing as much as five fully loaded Boeing jumbo jets or 200 fully grown elephants. Indian space scientists worked “relentlessly for decades and for this project since 2002 to successfully put the satellite into orbit”, Isro chairman A.S. Kiran Kumar said. “This is a historic day for Isro.” The flight is expected to boost India’s aspirations of carrying out manned space missions. Isro is not considering this at present. “It is one step at a time,” Kumar said in a recent interview with Mint. The successful mission means Isro now has a third stream of operational launch vehicles after the polar satellite launch vehicle and the GSLV-Mark II. Approved in 2002, the three-stage vehicle with two solid motor strap-ons can also carry payloads weighing up to 10,000kg into the lower earth orbit at around 800km above earth. Although Isro did not disclose the cost of the project, Kumar said in the interview that it would result in about 25% savings on the cost of satellite launches. “We still depend on foreign procurement for heavy satellites. For example, the GSAT-17 is launching end of June from Ariane. In the very near future, this will not be required.” he said. After its separation from the GSLV MK III in GTO, GSAT-19 will reach its geostationary orbital home using an electronic propulsion system. The satellite will use multiple spot beams covering all of India. Isro claims this will increase internet speeds and connectivity, depending on the ground infrastructure. The first suborbital test flight of GSLV Mark III was successfully conducted on 18 December 2014. PTI, AP and AFP contributed to this story. Sharan Poovanna Topics: Isro GSLV MK III rocket GSAT-19 satellite satellite launch heaviest rocket launch More From Livemint READ MORE Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in First Published: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 05 29 PM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Gold prices slip on global cues UK elections: Britons vote in shadow of terror Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 08 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Avcorp makes organizational changes By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 5, 2017 Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) has announced the following organizational change at Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, the company said. Effective immediately, Jim Renaud will lead the Avcorp Group business development activities in his new role as Senior Vice President, Customers for the Avcorp Group of companies. Jim transitions to this new role after serving as ACF General Manager of the Commercial business, in Gardena. During his tenure in that role, Jim led a number of key negotiations with customers and was instrumental in driving efficiencies and right-sizing the operations. Jim´s deep understanding of operational capabilities and customers´ needs makes him uniquely qualified for this new role. Effective immediately Marty Jones is named Site General Manager, Avcorp Composites Fabrication, in Gardena, California, with operational responsibility for both the Commercial and Military businesses. The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world´s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Subaru Corporation (formerly Fuji Heavy Industries Inc.). The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. Related posts Miracle Flights performs 1,484 medical flights during April 2017 June 8, 2017 National medical flight charity Miracle Flights performed 1,484 flights for children and adults in need... Southwest Airlines lowers domestic fares June 8, 2017 Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) is launching a three-day sale offering extra-low fares for fall... Sabre signs tech agreement with PAWA June 8, 2017 Pan Am World Airways Dominicana (PAWA) selected Sabre Corporation (NASDAQ: SABR) as the airline´s leading... Lockheed Martin, Ascent Aerospace recognize global tooling systems June 8, 2017 Global Tooling Systems, an Ascent Aerospace company and leading provider of smart assembly tooling, has... Pendleton, Oregon to open new, 9,600 square-foot hangar at Eastern Oregon Regional Airport June 8, 2017 SOAR Oregon, a statewide nonprofit based in Bend, has opened a new, 9,600 square-foot hangar... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « CommutAir names senior manager of schedule optimization Ursa Space Systems joins OGSystems' BlueGlass Platform » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Industrial Internet Report 2017: Potential of the 4th Industrial Revolution - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "The Industrial Internet - Towards the 4th Industrial Revolution" report to their offering. This report describes the phenomenon of the Industrial Internet. It provides a general analysis of the trend and specific examples of recent developments in various verticals. This analysis focuses on the impacts of integrating IoT technologies into industrial assets (the smart factory'), as well as into end products: impacts on the value chain, on existing business models and in new monetisation opportunities. The report also describes the main drivers and barriers for the take-off of the Industrial Internet market and provides market sizing. Slideshow Includes: Visions of the Industrial Internet - Uses of connected objects in Industry - Key enabling technologies - Seen as a key opportunity, the Industrial Internet is supported by many initiatives Impacts of the Industrial Internet on industries - A fragmented value chain - Evolution of the value chain - Evolution of business models - Visions of potential adoption: by use cases - Visions of potential adoption: by industries Market analysis and forecast - Drivers and barriers - Market sizing and forecast Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Methodology 3. Visions of the Industrial Internet 3.1. The Industrial Internet: how industry uses connected objects 3.1.1. A key enabler of the digital transformation strategy 3.1.2. Production optimisation: Smart Factory 3.1.3. Selling connected objects: towards servicisation 3.2. Key enabling technologies 3.2.1. Connectivity technologies for the Industrial Internet 3.2.2. Connecting tools of production 3.2.3. Connecting the employees 3.2.4. Making sense of connectivity: Data analytics 3.3. Key trends supporting the vision of an Industrial Internet 3.3.1. National and international initiatives 3.3.2. Anticipated societal impacts 4. Value chain and key players 4.1. Value chain overview 4.2. Smart Factory solution providers 4.2.1. Sensor and actuator providers 4.2.2. Industrial solution providers 4.3. Implementations in selected industries 4.3.1. Aeronautics 4.3.2. Automotive 4.3.3. Energy 4.3.4. Transportation 4.4. Connected end product 4.4.1. Aviation 4.4.2. Automotive 4.4.3. Heavy equipment 4.5. Evolution of customer relationship 4.5.1. Transportation 4.5.2. Healthcare 4.6. The roles of telcos, platforms and IT service providers 4.6.1. Telcos 4.6.2. Platform providers 4.6.3. Service providers and IT players 5. Impacts of the Industrial Internet on industries 5.1. Evolution of value chains 5.1.1. Transformation of the manufacturing ecosystem 5.1.2. Evolution of connectivity value chain 5.2. Business model evolutions 5.2.1. Manufacturing platforms and manufacturing-as-a-service 5.2.2. Smaller, local, production units for personalised products 5.2.3. Product as a service 5.2.4. Data monetisation 5.3. Connected objects as part of digital transformation of industry 5.3.1. Needs of manufacturing domain 5.3.2. Constraints of manufacturing domain 5.3.3. Vision of potential adoption of connected objects by vertical industries 6. Markets and forecasts 6.1. Market development factors 6.1.1. Drivers 6.1.2. Barriers 6.2. Market sizing and forecast Companies Mentioned - ABB - Accenture - Adidas - ADP - Air Liquide - Airbus - AMC Health - AMP 2.0 - Apple - AT&T - Audi - Autodesk - Axa - Bangkok Metro - Bechtle - BITKOM - BMW - Boeing - Bosch - Bridgestone - British Gas - Camstar - Caterpillar - Chery - Cisco - Claas - Daimler - Dassault Systèmes - Deere & Co. - Deutsche Telekom - Du-Co Ceramics - Elan - EMC - Emerson - ENEL - Epson - ERDF - Ericsson - Eurostar - Fanuc - Ford - Ford Smart Mobility LLC - General Electric - GM - Goodyear - Google - HCL Technologies - Honeywell - HTC - IBM - Industrial Internet Consortium - Innotec - Intel - ITESENS - John Deere - Komatsu - Kuka - LoRa - Lyft - Massey Ferguson - Medtronic - Michelin - Mitsubishi Electric - National Instruments - New Balance - Nike - OAK (Tupolev) - Optis - Oracle - Orange Business - Pirelli - Pivotal - PTC - Redbird - Renault - Renfe - Rethink Robotics - Rockwell Automation - Rolls-Royce - Safran - SAP - SCA Timra - Schneider Electric - Siemens - SIGFOX - SNCF - Tata Consultancy Services - TE Connectivity - Tech Mahindra - Telefónica - Telstra - Tesis - Tesla - Tieto - T-Mobile - Toyota - Uber - Ubisense - UGS - VDMA - Vistagy - VMWare - Vodafone - Volkswagen - Vuzix - Withings - Yokogawa Electrics - ZVEI For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/79wzpn/the_industrial About Research and Markets Research and Markets is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends. Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-industrial-internet-report-2017-potential-of-the-4th-industrial-revolution---research-and-markets-300468528.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: North America Bio-Photonics Market Report 2017: Tests & Components, Medical Therapeutics, Medical Diagnostics and Non-Medical Application Analysis 2016-2022 - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Preview: North America Situation Awareness System Market Report 2017: Focus on Network Video Recorders, Sensors, Global Positioning System, Display, and Other Components - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Industrial Internet Report 2017: Potential of the 4th Industrial Revolution - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Global Industrial Internet Report 2017: Potential of the 4th Industrial Revolution - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 14:20 BST Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "The Industrial Internet - Towards the 4th Industrial Revolution" report to their offering. This report describes the phenomenon of the Industrial Internet. It provides a general analysis of the trend and specific examples of recent developments in various verticals. This analysis focuses on the impacts of integrating IoT technologies into industrial assets (the smart factory'), as well as into end products: impacts on the value chain, on existing business models and in new monetisation opportunities. The report also describes the main drivers and barriers for the take-off of the Industrial Internet market and provides market sizing. Slideshow Includes: Visions of the Industrial Internet - Uses of connected objects in Industry - Key enabling technologies - Seen as a key opportunity, the Industrial Internet is supported by many initiatives Impacts of the Industrial Internet on industries - A fragmented value chain - Evolution of the value chain - Evolution of business models - Visions of potential adoption: by use cases - Visions of potential adoption: by industries Market analysis and forecast - Drivers and barriers - Market sizing and forecast Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Methodology 3. Visions of the Industrial Internet 3.1. The Industrial Internet: how industry uses connected objects 3.1.1. A key enabler of the digital transformation strategy 3.1.2. Production optimisation: Smart Factory 3.1.3. Selling connected objects: towards servicisation 3.2. Key enabling technologies 3.2.1. Connectivity technologies for the Industrial Internet 3.2.2. Connecting tools of production 3.2.3. Connecting the employees 3.2.4. Making sense of connectivity: Data analytics 3.3. Key trends supporting the vision of an Industrial Internet 3.3.1. National and international initiatives 3.3.2. Anticipated societal impacts 4. Value chain and key players 4.1. Value chain overview 4.2. Smart Factory solution providers 4.2.1. Sensor and actuator providers 4.2.2. Industrial solution providers 4.3. Implementations in selected industries 4.3.1. Aeronautics 4.3.2. Automotive 4.3.3. Energy 4.3.4. Transportation 4.4. Connected end product 4.4.1. Aviation 4.4.2. Automotive 4.4.3. Heavy equipment 4.5. Evolution of customer relationship 4.5.1. Transportation 4.5.2. Healthcare 4.6. The roles of telcos, platforms and IT service providers 4.6.1. Telcos 4.6.2. Platform providers 4.6.3. Service providers and IT players 5. Impacts of the Industrial Internet on industries 5.1. Evolution of value chains 5.1.1. Transformation of the manufacturing ecosystem 5.1.2. Evolution of connectivity value chain 5.2. Business model evolutions 5.2.1. Manufacturing platforms and manufacturing-as-a-service 5.2.2. Smaller, local, production units for personalised products 5.2.3. Product as a service 5.2.4. Data monetisation 5.3. Connected objects as part of digital transformation of industry 5.3.1. Needs of manufacturing domain 5.3.2. Constraints of manufacturing domain 5.3.3. Vision of potential adoption of connected objects by vertical industries 6. Markets and forecasts 6.1. Market development factors 6.1.1. Drivers 6.1.2. Barriers 6.2. Market sizing and forecast Companies Mentioned - ABB - Accenture - Adidas - ADP - Air Liquide - Airbus - AMC Health - AMP 2.0 - Apple - AT&T - Audi - Autodesk - Axa - Bangkok Metro - Bechtle - BITKOM - BMW - Boeing - Bosch - Bridgestone - British Gas - Camstar - Caterpillar - Chery - Cisco - Claas - Daimler - Dassault Systèmes - Deere & Co. - Deutsche Telekom - Du-Co Ceramics - Elan - EMC - Emerson - ENEL - Epson - ERDF - Ericsson - Eurostar - Fanuc - Ford - Ford Smart Mobility LLC - General Electric - GM - Goodyear - Google - HCL Technologies - Honeywell - HTC - IBM - Industrial Internet Consortium - Innotec - Intel - ITESENS - John Deere - Komatsu - Kuka - LoRa - Lyft - Massey Ferguson - Medtronic - Michelin - Mitsubishi Electric - National Instruments - New Balance - Nike - OAK (Tupolev) - Optis - Oracle - Orange Business - Pirelli - Pivotal - PTC - Redbird - Renault - Renfe - Rethink Robotics - Rockwell Automation - Rolls-Royce - Safran - SAP - SCA Timra - Schneider Electric - Siemens - SIGFOX - SNCF - Tata Consultancy Services - TE Connectivity - Tech Mahindra - Telefónica - Telstra - Tesis - Tesla - Tieto - T-Mobile - Toyota - Uber - Ubisense - UGS - VDMA - Vistagy - VMWare - Vodafone - Volkswagen - Vuzix - Withings - Yokogawa Electrics - ZVEI For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/79wzpn/the_industrial About Research and Markets Research and Markets is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends. Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 14:30 BST Preview: North America Bio-Photonics Market Report 2017: Tests & Components, Medical Therapeutics, Medical Diagnostics and Non-Medical Application Analysis 2016-2022 - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 14:20 BST Preview: North America Situation Awareness System Market Report 2017: Focus on Network Video Recorders, Sensors, Global Positioning System, Display, and Other Components - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 14:45 BSTResearch and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 14:30 BSTGlobal Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Industrial Internet Report 2017: Potential of the 4th Industrial Revolution - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 14:20 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About Fox&Hounds Advertise Contact Us Blogroll CalWatchdog Capitol Morning Report FlashReport NewGeography PublicCEO Rough&Tumble  Filters All Authors Aaron M. Renn Aaron McLear Abel Maldonado Adam Carolla Adam Gingery Adrian Covert Adrian Moore Adrianna Quintero Afif El Hasan, MD Ashley Hemkin Al Donner Alan Autry Alan Jackson Dr. Alan Lloyd, Dr. Robert Sawyer, Jan Sharpless Alan M. Schwartz Alden Brooks Alex Aliferis Alex Hillsberg Alex Tavlian Alexandra Bjerg Alexandra Bjerg and Christopher Nelson Alexis Garcia Ali Modarres Alicia Berhow Allan Hoffenblum Allan Zaremberg Allen L. Phillips Allen Schaeffer Allysia Finley Amanda Fulkerson Amy Dominguez-Arms Amy Thoma Andrea Deveau Andrei Leontieff and Gordana Samardzic Andrew Chang Andrew J. Chang and Justin L. Adams Ph.D. Andrew McAllister Andy Caldwell Anita Mangels Ann Dermody Ann Kinner Ann-Marie Villicana Ann Wilson Anne M. Northup State Senator Anthony Cannella Anthony Gregory Anthony J. Mohr Anthony Pignataro Anthony York Antonio Villaraigosa Arlene Howard Arno Harris Arnold Steinberg Art Swanson Arthur Laffer Ash Roughani Ashley Trim Ashley Trim and Brian Stewart Ashley Ingram Assemblyman Bill Berryhill Assemblyman Bob Wieckowski Assemblyman Cameron Smyth Assemblyman Curt Hagman Assemblyman Dan Logue Assemblyman Devon Mathis Assemblyman Eric Linder Assemblyman Frank Bigelow Assemblyman Jay Obernolte Senator Jim Nielsen Assemblyman Jim Patterson Assemblyman Jim Silva Assemblyman Kevin Jeffries Senator Mike Morrell Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher Sam Blakeslee Assemblyman Tom Lackey Assemblyman Travis Allen Assemblymembers Kristin Olsen and Katcho Achadjian Assemblymembers Jim Patterson, Bill Brough, Frank Bigelow and Melissa Melendez Assemblymen Nathan Fletcher and Martin Garrick Assemblywoman Audra Strickland Assemblywoman Diane Harkey Assemblywoman Shannon Grove Assemblywoman Susan A Bonilla Aubrey Bettencourt Aubry Stone Austin Beutner Austin James Autumn Carter Ava Alexander B. Lee Jones B. Wayne Hughes Jr. Barbara DeBoom Dr. Barbara O'Connor & Dr. Val Smith Barry Bedwell Ben Austin Ben Boychuk Ben Christopher Benjamin Zycher Beth Cone Kramer Beth Hummel Beth Witrogen Betty Jo Toccoli Bill Allen Bill Butcher Bill Dombrowski Billie Greer Bill Hauck Bill LaMarr Bill Leonard Bill McInturff Bill Rosendahl Bill Simon Bill Watkins Bill Whalen Los Angeles Police Protective League Bob Gelfand Senator Bob Huff Bob Moore and Marty Wilson Robert Naylor Bob Poole and Adrian Moore Bob WIlliams Bob Williams and Kristen De Pena Bonnie Reiss Terrill Bouricius, David Schecter, Campbell Wallace, and John Gastil Brad Diede Bradlee Chang Bradley Benbrook and Stephen Duvernay Bradly Torgan Brendan Huffman Bret Hendry Brett Hauser, Mike Anderson, Dave Schembri, and Kristof Vereenooghe Brian Brokaw Brian Calle Brian J. Stiger Brian Kabateck Brian Rice Brisemae Long Bruce Bialosky Bruce McQuain Bruno Kaufmann Bruno Peguese Bryan Merica Bryan Merica and Paul Wittenberg Burt Wilson Buzz Wiesenfeld C. Duane Dauner Caitlin Maples Caitrin Chappelle and Ellen Hanak Peter McIsaac Carl Bergman Carl Brodt Carl DeMaio Carl Guardino Carla Marinucci Caroline Beteta Caroline Beteta and Patricia Megason Carolyn Cavecche Carolyn McIntyre Carson Bruno Catherine Atkin Catherine Reheis-Boyd Cathy Browne Chandra Sharma Charles Crumpley Charles D. Connor Charles W. Swenson Charles WIlson Chase Norlin Cherida Collins Smith & Chuck Henderson Cheryl Getuiza Chris Bertelli Chris Carson Chris Cillizza Chris McKenzie Chris Micheli Chris Norby Chris Reed Chris Wilson Chriss Street Christine Cooper, Ph.D. Christine Flowers-Ewing Christopher Nelson Christopher Thornberg, PhD Chuck Beckwith Charles H. Bell, Jr. Chuck Reed and Carl DeMaio Clay Russell Dr. Clifford C. Eke, MD Clifford Luengo Colin Maynard Conan Nolan Congressman Darrell Issa Congressman Tom McClintock Constance L. Rice Conway Collis Courtney M. Fowler Craig DeLuz Craig Elliott Craig Regelbrugge Cristi Nelson Curt Augustine Curt Emick Curtis Vandermolen Cydney Fox D.J. Waldie Dakin Sloss Damian Fussel Dan Bender Dan Kenney Dan Logue Dan Oney Dan Pellissier Dan Richard Dan Schnur Dan Walters Daniel Borenstein Daniel DiSalvo Daniel Krimm and Eric McGhee Daniel Silva Daniel Weintraub Daniel Sullivan Danny Kennedy and Sara Chandler Darren Bevan Darry Sragow Darry Sragow and Rob Pyers Dave Arian Dave Lesher Dave Low Dave Quast Dave Roberts David A. Lehrer and Joe R. Hicks David Abel David C. Barker David C. Stolinsky David Chase David Crane David Davenport David Fischer David Friedman and Jennifer Hernandez Dr. David Gonzalez David Guy and Tim Johnson David Herrlinger David Hochschild David Houston David I Meyer PhD David Jacobson David Janssen David Kersten David King David Kline David Kordus David Kordus and Dean Bonner David Latterman David M. Smith and Steven E. Todd David R. Doerr David Roberts David S. White David Salaverry David Stolinsky David W. Fleming David Williams Dean Bonner Dean C. Logan Debbie Murdock Debbie Poochigian Deborah Raphael Debra Saunders Denise Davis Dennis Cima Dennis Hollingsworth Derek Cressman Devin Lavelle Dick Ackerman and Mel Levine DJ Jaffe Dominic Munoz Don Faught Don Giottonini Don Perata Don Ringe Donald H. Heller & Ron Briggs Donald P. Wagner Donna Levin Donna Lucas Dorothy Rothrock Doug Johnson Doug LaMalfa Doug McIntyre Doug Ose Doug Tessitor Douglas Jeffe Douglas Johnson Douglas McGray Dr. Ed Hernandez Dr. James Prieger Dr. John M. Rost Marcy Zwelling-Aamot, M.D. Dr. Maureen L. Storey Dr. Steven Frates and Dr. Michael Shires Duf Sundheim Duncan MacVicar Earl Cooper Earl Skip Cooper Ed Coghlan Ed Mendel Ed Ring Ed Royce Edward Headington Edward Stringham Edwin A. Lombard III Eli Lehrer Elizabeth Crothers Ellen Hanak Emily Baker Emily Cohen Emily Ekins Emily Lam Eric C. Bauman Eric Eisenhammer Eric Golden Eric Granof Eric Hogue Eric Lindberg and Carlos Solórzano-Cuadra Eric McGhee Eric McGhee and Paul Warren Eric Siddall Erin Haight Errol Valladares Ethan Rarick Ethan Rarick and Jack Citrin Eugene J. Voiland Evan Storms F Noel Perry and Christopher Thornberg F. Noel Perry Fabian Nunez Filipe Campante Fiona Hutton Fox and Hounds Daily Editors Francisco Cerritos Frank Ury Fred Karger Fred Keeley Fred Silva Frederick M. Hess Gabriella Holt Garry South Gary Aminoff Gary Chazen Gary Colbert Gary Delsohn Gary M. Galles Gary Shapiro Gary Toebben Gavin Newsom George Deukmejian, Pete Wilson & Gray Davis George Fee George Linn George Merlis George Plescia George Runner George Runner and Fiona Ma George Slover Jerry Meral Gerald Parsky Gina Rodriquez Ginger Galloway Gino DiCaro Glenn C. Rice Gloria Romero Gonzalo Javier Ferrer Arnold Schwarzenegger Governor Jerry Brown Greg Hines Greg Lippe Greg Lucas Gregory Rodriguez Gregory W. Brittain Grey Stafford Grover Norquist Guest Author Pete Peterson Guest Authors -- Hal Dash Hal Dasinger and Chris Micheli Hank Ryan Hannah Oh Hans Johnson and Marisol Cuellar Mejia Harold Johnson Harvey Englander Harvey Rosenfield Heather Mac Donald Hector Barajas Hector Botero Hector M. Barajas and Mike Vallante Hector V. Barreto Heidi Siegmund Cuda Helen Hutchison Herman Gallegos, John Gamboa, and Jennifer Hernandez Hollaine Hopkins Howard Fine Ian Adams Ian Padilla Isidro A. Jiménez Jack Bean Jack Citrin and F. Noel Perry Jack Guerrero Jack Humphreville Jack Stewart Jake Steinfeld Assemblyman James Gallagher James Gallagher and Aubrey Bettencourt James Kellogg James Lacy James Lee James P. Gray James P. Mayer James Poulos James Spencer James Su Jamie Smith Jan Norman Jan Schori Jan Scully and Ed Jagels Jan Smutny-Jones Jan Steiger Jane Junn Jasmine Nachtigall Jason Clemens Jason Orr Jay McKeeman Jean Fuller Jean Pagnone and Tom Tanton Jean Ross Jeannine English Jeff D. Baize Jeff Miller Jeff Stone and Ian Calderon Jeffrey M. Barker Jeffrey Mount and Ellen Hanak Jeffrey Spencer Jen Vitela Jennifer Barrera Jennifer Bestor Jennifer Hernandez Jennifer Kerns Jennifer Rockwell Jeremy Bagott Jeremy Leffler Jerry Haleva Jerry Nickelsburg Jesse Torres Jessica Lall Jessica Levinson Jessica Linehan Jessica Patterson Jill Benson Jill Stewart Jill Stewart and Michael Weinstein Jim Conran Jim DiPeso & Sam Davidson Jim Mayer Jim Newton Jim Nielsen Jim Nygren Jim Patterson and Joel Nelson Jim Unland Jim Wunderman Jim Wunderman and Michael Kelly Jock O'Connell Joe Armendariz Joe Dixon Joe Gardner Joe Hicks Joe Mathews Joe Ramirez Joe Rodota Joe Rodota and Phil Romero Joel Anderson Joel Anderson and Julia Brownley Joel Ayala Joel Bellman Joel Fox Joel Fox & Ashley Hemkin Joel Fox and Joe Mathews Joel Kotkin Joel Kotkin and Bill Watkins Joel Kotkin and Charlie Stephens Joel Kotkin & Mark Schill Joel Kotkin and Michael Shires Joel Kotkin and Wendell Cox Joel Singer Joel Strom Johan Klehs and Rick Keene John A. Perez John Arensmeyer John Benoit John Chiang John Cox John Eastman John Ferraro John Fund John Gamboa and Jennifer Hernandez John Guenther John H. Sullivan John Hamilton John Hancock John Hrabe John J. Pitney, Jr. John Kabateck John Kehoe John Loudon John McCormack John Mirisch John Moorlach John Nelson John Nienstedt John Quintanilla John R. Graham John R. McLaurin John S. Thomas John Schwada John Seiler John Severini John Wildermuth John Wood, Jr. Johnny Amaral Jon Coupal Jon Coupal and David Wolfe Jon Coupal and John Kabateck Jon Coupal, John Kabateck & Joel Fox Jon Fleischman Jon Roth Jonathan Brown Jonathan Karpf Jonathan Wilcox Joni Topper and Stephen Cheung José Huizar Joseph P. Shea Joseph Perkins Dr. Joseph Perrone Joseph Vranich Joseph Vranich, Wendell Cox & Adrian Moore Josephine Djuhana Jot Condie Judy Lin Judy Lloyd Julian Canete Julian Morris and Lance Christensen Julie Cart Junior Romero Justin Adams, Ph.D. Justin Ewers Justin Hyer Dr. Justin L. Adams Lloyd Billingsley Kaitlyn Gaffney Karen Kerrigan Karen Spencer Karyn Schmidt Assemblyman Katcho Achadjian Kate Galbraith Kathay Feng Kathryn Phillips and Bill Allen Kati Suominen Katy Grimes Keith Carlson Keith Richman Kelly William Cobb Ken Barnes Ken DeVore Ken Monroe Ken Orski Kenneth P. Miller and Ellen Lempres Kenneth P. Green Kerry Jackson Kevin D. Korenthal Kevin Dayton Kevin Drum Kevin Hanley Kevin James Kevin Johnson Kevin Kiley Kevin Klowden Kevin Klowden and Curtis Chin Congressman Kevin McCarthy Kim Alexander Kim Stone Kirsten James Kirsten Moore Kish Rajan Kit Rachlis Kris Hunt Kris Murray Kris Vosburgh Assemblywoman Kristin Olsen Kurt Hahn Kyle Smith Lan Nguyen Lance Christensen Lance Christensen and Victor Nava Lance Howland Lance Izumi Lance Olson Lane Kasselman Larry Downes Larry Greenfield Larry Sand Laura Brill Laura Hill and Iwunze Ugo Laurel Rosenhall Lauren Warden Rodgers Lauren Windsor Lauren Zeise Lawren Markle Lawrence H. Easterling, Jr. Lawrence McQuillan and Rebecca Harris Lawrence Meyers Lee Baca Leigh Wolf Lenny Goldberg Lenny Mendonca Lenny Mendonca and Chris Gates Lenny Mendonca & Cruz Reynoso Lenny Mendonca and Pete Weber Lenny Mendonca and Thomas V. McKernan Leon SooHoo Leron Gubler Lester Snow Lewis K. Uhler and Jon Coupal Lewis K. Uhler Lezlee Westine Linda Sherry Ling Ling Chang Lisa A. Rickard Lisa Gritzner Lisa Snell Lon Hatamiya Loren Kaye Loren Kaye and Marty Wilson Loren Kaye and Pedro Nava Loren Kaye and Rebecca Sterling Lori Pottinger Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) Lou Paulson Louis Barnett Louis Dettorre Louise Arias Lt. Ron Cottingham Lucille Roybal-Allard and John Laird Lucy Dunn Lucy Dunn & Dr. Wallace Walrod Luis Alvarado Luis Alvarado and Hector Barajas Luis Marquez Luke Phillips Lunna Lopes Madhusudan Ravi Manuel Cosme, Jr. Marc Cooper Marc Joffe Marc Joffe and Max Neiman Marc Steinorth Marc Whitman Marcia Fritz Mario A. Guerra Mark Anderson Mark Baldassare Mark Baldassare, Dean Bonner, and Jui Shrestha Mark Baldassare, Dean Bonner, Lunna Lopes , and Jui Shrestha Mark Breslin Mark Bucher Mark Daniels Mark Hiraide Mark Lacter Mark Standriff Mark Turner Mark Vafiades Mark Vargas Marko Mlikotin Martin Gallegos Martin Garrick Martina M. Cartwright, Ph.D., R.D. Marty Keller Marty Wilson Maryann Marino Maryrose Asher Matt Fleming Matt Horton and Kristen Keough Matt Klink Matt Levin Matt Rexroad Matt Rodriguez and Michael Madrid Matthew Cunningham Matthew Fienup Matthew Fienup and Bill Watkins Matthew Grant Anson Matthew Harper Matthew Patinkin Matthew Stevenson Matthew Zandi Maureen Gorsen Maurice Williams Chuck Reed Mayor Chuck Reed & Mayor Bill Kampe Maziar Movassaghi Meg Whitman Megan Range Assemblywoman Melissa Melendez Micah Weinberg Michael Antonopoulos Michael Barnhart Michael Bernick Michael J. Boskin & John Cogan Michael D. Antonovich Michael Drobach Michael Feinstein Michael Feinstein, Kevin Takenaga and Kevin Akin Michael Genest Michael J. Boskin Michael Kassan Michael Kelly Michael Kelly and Kevin Klowden Michael Levine Michael Shaw Michael Shellenberger and Ted Nordhaus Michael Shires Michael Stanton Michael Trujillo Michael Turnipseed Michael Villines Michele Hanisee Michelle Bergmann Michelle Orrock Michele Steel Michelle Steel and Matthew Harper Mike Bober Mike DArelli Assemblyman Mike Gatto Mike Gravel Mike Herron Mike Lewis Mike Madrid Mike Madrid and Robb Korinke Mike Montgomery Mike Osborn Mike Polyakov Mike Rossi Mike Savino & Aurie Kryzuda Mike Vallante Mike Winn Milo Pearson Miryam Mora-Barajas Mitch Zak Molly Milligan Morris Brown Morris Levy Nadine Ono Nancy Rader Nancy Rader, Karl Gawell, and Julee Malinowski-Ball Natalie Blanning Weber Nathan Gardels Neel Kashkari Nicholas Francois Nicholas Lozito Dr. Nicole Conragan Nicole Goehring Nina Salarno Ashford Nolan V. Rollins Norm King Pamela Villarreal Pastor K.W. Tulloss Pat Proano Patrick Atwater Patrick Caddell, Bob Perkins and Scott Miller Patrick Dorinson Patrick George Patrick Johnston Patrick Murphy and Lunna Lopes Patrick Murphy and Talib Jabbar Patti Strand Patty Salazar Paul Granillo and Eloy Oakley Paul Jacob Paul Meyer Paul Tanaka Paul Wenger and Manuel Cunha Pete Peterson Pete Peterson & Kevin Klowden Peter Corselli Peter E. Weber Peter Herzog Peter Kaye Peter Manzo Peter Pitts Peter S. Silva and Richard Atwater Peter Tateishi Pooja Desai Rabbi Mark Blazer and Dr. Jeffrey Shapiro Rachel Michelin Ralph E. Shaffer Ralph Lockhart Ralph Miller Randy Voepel Raul Bocanegra Raul Furlong Ray McNally Reason Foundation Reed Galen Rex Hime Rey León and Veronica Garibay Rich Matteis Richard Colman Richard Costigan Richard Eber Richard Kennedy Richard Lambros Richard M. Skinner Richard N. Bond Bill McInturff and Alex Bratty Richard Raya Richard Rider Richard Rubin Richard W. Atwater Richard Winger Rick Cole Rick Farinelli Rick Perry Rick Pople RIck Roelle Rickey Gelb Rita Agarwal MD, FAAP Rob Fong Rob Lapsley Rob Lapsley and Jon Coupal Robert Lapsley and Michael Shires Rob Neenan Rob Stutzman Robb Korinke Robert Callahan Robert Craig Robert Fellner Robert Gutierrez Robert J. Walters Robert M. Hertzberg and Thomas McKernan Robert Michael Robert Peoples, PhD Robert Poole Robert R. Mitchell Robert Rivinius Robert S. Pastorino Robert Shireman Robert Stern Robert Stern and Jessica Levinson Robin Dore Rocky J Chavez Rod Brown Roderick J. Wood Rodney K. Brown Roelof van Ark Roger Clark Dr. Roger A. Clemens Roger Niello Rolf Benirschke Ron Briggs Ron Calderon Ron Gastelum Ron Kaye Ron Kaye and Gary Toebben Ron Nehring Ron Unz Ronald Stein Ronald Turovsky Rosario Marin Ross Palmerton Ruben Barrales Ruben Guerra Russell Goldsmith Russell Goldsmith & Michael Kelly Ruth Evans Sally Pipes Sam Gilbert Sam Olivito Samantha Draper Sander Daniels Sanjay Varshney and Dennis H. Tootelian Sarah Christie Sarah Lyons Saunda Kitchen Saunda Kitchen and Steve Caldeira Scott Dominguez Scott Harris Scott Hauge Scott Lay Scott Schmidt Scott Shackford Scott Slater Sean Broderick Sean Hecht Sean Trende Senator Andy Vidak Senator Anthony Cannella Senator Bill Emmerson Senator Bob Dutton Senator Dave Cogdill Senator Jeff Stone Senator John Moorlach Senator Mimi Walters Senator Pat Bates Senator Sharon Runner Senator Ted Gaines Senator Tom Harman Senator Tony Strickland Senators Steve Knight, Joel Anderson, and Andy Vidak Shane P. Desselle, RPh, PhD, FAPhA Shawn Steel Shawn Worst Sheila Day Sheila Weinberg Sherry Bebitch Jeffe & Doug Jeffe Sherry Bebitch Jeffe Sosan Madanat Stan Statham Stanton A. Glantz Stephen DeMaura Stephen Eide Stephen M. Kinney Steve Coffman Steve Frank Steve Greenberg Stephen Moore Steve Peace Steve Poizner Steve Westly Steve Westly and Jack Scott Steven B. Falk Steven Bradford Steven D. Lavine Steven Frates Steven Greenhut Steven Hayward Steven J. Miller Steven Malanga Steven Maviglio Stu Spencer Stuart Waldman Sue Kateley Sunne Wright McPeak Susan Frank Susan Frank Susan Perry Susan Shafer Susan Shelley Susan Talamantes Eggman Susanne Stirling Susanne Trimbath Tamara Carleton Ted Costa Ted Gaines and Jack Stewart Ted Green Teresa Alvardo and Shellye Archambeau Teresa Casazza Terry Bibbens Terry Friedman Terry Tamminen Thad Kousser Thanh Tran Tim Bittle Tim Clark Tim Hodson Tim Johnson Tim Shaw Tim Sparapani Capt. Tim Wright (Ret.) Timm Herdt Timothy L. Coyle Tina Aldatz Todd Ament Todd Gillenwater and Jon Roth Todd Priest Todd Royal Tom Bannon Tom Bevan and Carl M Cannon Tom Bowman Tom Campbell Tom Del Beccaro Tom G. Hoffman Tom Gray Tom Gray & Robert Scardamalia Tom Hiltachk Tom Manzo Tom OMalley Tom Petersen Tom Rubin Tom Scott Tom Tanton Tom Umberg and Bill Habermehl Tony Quinn Topher Morrison Tracy Hernandez Travis Allen Troy Senik Vail Dutto Valerie Nera Vickie Bradshaw Victor Davis Hanson Vince Fong Violeta Duran Vivian Bowers-Cowan Wall Street Journal Editorial Wayne Hughes Jr. Wayne Lusvardi Wayne Winegarden Wendell Cox Wendell Cox & Joseph Vranich Wendy Bergman Wendy Lack Will Kempton William Allen and Hasan Ikhrata William Holder William R. Maurer Willam Edgar, Rodney Gould, Patricia Martel and Ted Gaebler William Yu Willie Galvan Zev Yaroslavsky All Years 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 The Best Small and Medium-Size Cities For Jobs 2017 By Joel Kotkin and Michael Shires Joel Kotkin, Editor of NewGeography.com and Presidential fellow in urban futures at Chapman University, and Michael Shires, Associate Professor of Public Policy, Pepperdine University Monday, June 5th, 2017 Much of the U.S. media tends to see smaller cities as backwaters, inevitably left behind as the “best and brightest” head to the country’s mega-regions. The new economy, insists the Washington Post, favors large cities for start-ups and new businesses. Richard Florida has posited the emergence of a “winner take all urbanism” that tends to favor the richest cities, such as New York and San Francisco. However this paradigm may reflect cosmopolitan attitudes and rivalries between large cities more than reality, with its complications and nuances. Smaller cities have long been disadvantaged in their ability to attract the most elite companies and Americans on the move, but that may well be changing. Following a post-financial crisis period in which many domestic migrants headed to the big cities, the latest Census data suggests that the flow is now going the other way, with the native born moving to smaller places with between 500,000 and a million people. The new trend in migration, notes the Atlantic’s Derek Thompson, a confirmed big city booster, has been a “great hollowing out,” with Americans leaving places like New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco for the suburbs and less costly, usually smaller cities. (Note that at least in New York’s case, foreign immigrants have been taking their places.) To be sure, many smaller towns are suffering, and the bottom of our annual survey of employment trends in America’s 421 metro areas is dominated by them, starting with last place Beckley, W.V.; followed by Johnstown, Pa.; Charleston, W.V.; Weirton-Steubenville, Ohio; and Peoria, Illinois. Yet at the same time small city America — which we define as metro areas with less than 150,000 jobs — accounted for seven of the 10 cities where job growth has been the strongest. 2017 Best Cities Rankings Lists Small Sized Cities Medium Sized Cities Large Sized Cities All Cities Methodology Our rankings are based on short-, medium- and long-term job creation, going back to 2005, and factor in momentum — whether growth is slowing or accelerating. We have compiled separate rankings for America’s 70 largest metropolitan statistical areas (those with nonfarm employment over 450,000), as well as medium-size metro areas (between 150,000 and 450,000 nonfarm jobs) and small ones (less than 150,000 nonfarm jobs), the latter two of which are our focus this week, in order to make the comparisons more relevant to each category. (For a detailed description of our methodology, click here). The Utah Model What makes for successful smaller cities? There’s no simple formula, but several characteristics loom prominently. One is the extent and quality of its amenities: Many of our top cities are in attractive locations near mountains or the ocean, and tend to be home to colleges and universities. And, almost without exception, they are located in less costly, lower-tax states. Finally, it doesn’t hurt to be relatively close to a bigger urban area and a large airport. All these characteristics apply to the best metro area for jobs in 2017 — Provo-Orem, Utah. Located an hour south of Salt Lake City and its big airport, the Provo-Orem area has a population of 603,000 and sits alongside the scenic Wasatch Mountains. It’s home to the well-regarded Brigham Young University. Last year the metro area’s job count expanded an impressive 4.4%, and employment is up 29.2% since 2011. As one might suspect in a college-oriented area, the biggest growth has been in fields that tend to hire educated people, such as business and professional services, in which employment grew 5.8% last year, financial services (up 6.7%) and the information sector (plus 5.8%). But Provo is not alone in outstanding job growth in the Beehive State. In addition to its largest metro area, Salt Lake City, which ranks 13th, the small city of Saint George ranks third. Also benefiting from a scenic location in the state’s rugged southwestern corner, it’s less of a college town than a retirement and tourism magnet, which explains much of its 5.7% job growth last year. This was driven in large part by big expansions in health and education, with employment in those sectors up 4.6% last year and some 31.8% since 2011. Another Utah superstar is 18th-ranked Ogden-Clearfield. Its 2.9% job growth last year was driven in large part by financial services, with employment up 5.7%, and education and health, up 5.9%. So what accounts for one relatively small state that’s home to only 3.1% of the U.S. population placing four cities in the top 20? Among the factors: the nation’s fastest population growth, a highly favorable business climate (Gov. Gary Herbert has made cutting red tape a priority of his administration), a burgeoning tech sector and a Mormon-influenced social culture that seems to encourage citizen engagement in local affairs. Other Hot Spots The other smaller boom towns are a varied lot, although all share locations in low tax, light regulation states. Some bigger cities — San Francisco, Seattle, San Jose — seem to have found a way to keep growing in higher cost environments, but this does not seem to be the case for smaller cities. Virtually all the small communities in our top 20 — with the exception of No. 8 Fort Collins, Colo., — come from such reddish states as the Carolinas, Texas, Idaho and, of course, Utah. Most of the fastest-growing metro areas tend to be in what some have called “amenity regions.” This is certainly the case for Ft. Collins, No. 9 Gainesville, Ga., No. 10 The Villages, Fla., and No. 17 Boise, Idaho. Many of these places, notably the Villages, are attractive to retirees and downshifting boomers while others may also lure young families. Yet there are some wide differences among our top small cities. Smaller cities often have very distinctive economies dominated by one or two industries. Sixth-ranked Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, a metropolitan area that sprawls between Missouri and Arkansas, is dominated by two forces, Bentonville-based Walmart, and a burgeoning retirement/tourism sector tied to its location in the scenic Ozarks. The area which enjoyed 3.3% job growth last year, and 20.4% since 2011, was paced by an expanding professional and business services sector, up a sizzling 8.0% last year; other dynamic sectors include financial services, up 4.5% last year, as well as the education and health, which grew 4.0%. Charleston-North Charleston, which ranked 4th on our list with a 3.2% job growth rate last year and 17.6% since 2011, epitomizes the new dynamic small cities. Not only does the area boast a charming ante-bellum urban core, and some of the country’s best food, it has also become attractive to companies seeking to lower costs. The city is home to Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner assembly plant and to Mercedes-Benz’s $500 million Charleston plant, which will add 1,300 jobs over the next few years. It is also about to house Volvo’s first North American manufacturing plant – a $500 million investment that could add up to 4,000 jobs home. Charleston has also emerged as something of a millennial draw as well, with the largest percentage of residents aged 25 to 34 of any midsized city. 2017 Best Cities Rankings Lists Small Sized Cities Medium Sized Cities Large Sized Cities All Cities The Future of Smaller Cities In contrast to the conventional wisdom, smaller cities may have a brighter future than many expect. Of course, it’s hard to see a rapid turnaround in some deindustrialized cities, particularly in the Midwest. Many energy-dependent cities are down sharply in our ranking from a year ago, including Baton Rouge, La., which dropped 97 places to 191st, and Bismarck, N.D., which plummeted 119 places to 221st. The Trump administration certainly has made noise about helping the energy industry, but the cold reality of the current global oversupply of oil suggests these places won’t be rebounding much in the near term. Right now, prospects seem best for amenity rich areas, in part because they appeal to both aging boomer and younger families. The scenic Pacific Northwest is home to many gainers this year, including Olympia-Tumwater, Wash., which gained as impressive 64 places from last year to 21st, Wenatchee, which rose seven spots to 22nd, and Bellingham, which jumped 100 places to 63rd. In the South, the attractive coastal city Wilmington, N.C., rose 76 places to 54th, and the Florida beach towns Northport-Sarasota-Bradenton, climbed 28 spots to 35th while Punta Gorda gained 26 places to 39th. The future of smaller American cities, in some senses, parallels that of their larger counterparts. Some areas seem positioned for further growth, while many others are stagnating or even dropping. The small city is far from obsolete, with a good number of them poised to expand strongly in the years ahead. This piece originally appeared on Forbes. Cross-posted at New Geography. Share this article: Comment on this article Please note, statements and opinions expressed on the Fox&Hounds Blog are solely those of their respective authors and may not represent the views of Fox&Hounds Daily or its employees thereof. Fox&Hounds Daily is not responsible for the accuracy of any of the information supplied by the site's bloggers. Sponsored by Small Business Action Committee News Updates Sign up for our free Fox & Hounds daily newsletter. Copyright ©2008-Present California Main LLC. All Rights Reserved.    Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Alert 60° Full Menu Alert 60° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Defense Secretary Jim Mattis during a news conference at the Pentagon in April. Carolyn Kaster AP Defense Secretary Jim Mattis during a news conference at the Pentagon in April. Carolyn Kaster AP Politics & Government June 05, 2017 6:00 AM Most top Pentagon jobs still empty as Trump insists on loyalty By Vera Bergengruen vbergengruen@mcclatchydc.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Four months into his presidency, Donald Trump has filled only five of the 53 top jobs at the Pentagon – the slowest pace for nominations and confirmations in over half a century. Several of his high-profile picks, including Navy and Army secretary nominees, have had to withdraw because of their business entanglements. In other cases, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis has clashed with the White House, which has blacklisted national security and defense leaders who publicly disagreed with Trump during the 2016 campaign, according to several current and former defense officials. “In the vetting process there is a lot of scrutiny of social media accounts, Twitter . . . any hint of something negative about Trump as a candidate can be disqualifying, and a lot of people haven’t made it through that filter,” said Christine Wormuth, who served as the Pentagon’s top policy official from 2014 to 2016, under former President Barack Obama’s administration. The investigation into ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials is also scaring off people who had been on the fence about joining the administration. Even the opportunity to work under Mattis, who many of the potential picks know and respect, may not be enough. “With, frankly, the chaos that is happening, people who might have been open to it are asking themselves ‘Do I want to join this administration? How much of an impact will I have? Will I have to get a lawyer?’” Wormuth said. Trump’s nominees for top Pentagon posts have taken an average of 38 days to be confirmed, compared to 22 days under Obama, 23 during George W. Bush’s administration and 17 during Bill Clinton’s tenure, according to an analysis provided to McClatchy by the Partnership for Public Service, a non-partisan nonprofit that runs programs aimed at improving government hiring. By this point in Obama’s presidency, 16 appointees had been confirmed and 24 nominated. By June 2, 2001, Bush had 12 confirmed and nominated 17. Trump has seen five confirmed after nominating 12. The problem isn’t that the Senate isn’t confirming Trump’s picks, but that dozens of national security posts still don’t have nominees. In the meantime, a skeleton crew of holdovers from the Obama administration and career civil servants are doing the day-to-day work at the Defense Department. [READ MORE: Ethics concerns lead second of Trump’s armed services secretary nominees to withdraw] “It’s not as if these jobs are in fact vacant, but it’s the equivalent of a substitute teacher,” said Max Stier, who leads the Partnership for Public Service. “Since they are not perceived as having long-term authority, they don’t view their role as addressing those long-term issues and this leads to important decisions being kicked down the road.” The same issue is mirrored at the State Department, which has eight confirmed appointees out of 120 positions to fill. With the vacancies there and at the Pentagon, policy roles are in limbo at a time when the U.S. faces challenges on multiple fronts, from the Islamic State to Russia, North Korea and China. Trump has filled two of the 16 top jobs at the Department of Homeland Security. Until early May, Mattis was the the only Pentagon appointee who had been confirmed. Since then, the Senate has confirmed four other appointees: former New Mexico Rep. Heather Wilson as secretary of the Air Force, David Norquist to be comptroller, Robert Story Karem as assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs, and Kari Bingen as principal deputy under secretary of defense for intelligence. Even if the White House picks up the pace, there will be a significant backlog. “The Senate can only review so many people at any given time,” Stier said. “It has to deal with competing priorities, healthcare, tax reform . . . Part of the challenge is that by not moving quickly at the beginning you wind up blocking the tracks.” Trump’s loyalty snag is widely discussed within the national security community, but few defense and security experts will talk about it on the record. Privately, they say the White House is working with a much shorter list of candidates than usual, given that a large number of senior Republican national security officials signed the so-called “Never Trump” letters before the election. Dozens of experienced national security officials who would have been natural fits for leadership posts, many of them former cabinet members or top aides to Bush, signed a public letter last August saying they would not vote for Trump. “We are convinced that he would be a dangerous president and would put at risk our country’s national security and well-being,” they wrote in the letter. Between them and the more than 120 national security leaders who had signed another letter a few months earlier, there are roughly 150 top Republican national security and defense officials that the Trump administration won’t consider. Mattis wanted Michèle Flournoy, the former undersecretary of defense under Obama, to consider becoming his deputy. When she was interviewed by Trump aides, she was asked “What would it take for you to resign?” she told the New Yorker in an interview. She told Mattis she couldn’t take the job. [READ MORE: Trump’s 2nd pick for Army chief draws ire of LGBT, Muslim groups] Trump ended up tapping Boeing executive Patrick Shanahan for the No. 2 spot in the Pentagon, but two months after his appointment was announced his nomination still has not been submitted formally to the Senate Armed Services Committee. As with other leaders Trump has tapped from the private sector, the stringent scrutiny of their finances causes a delay. Nominees who go through the process with the Defense Department and the Senate Armed Services Committee have to adhere to strict guidelines that bar them from owning stock and bonds in companies that have Pentagon contracts. Army secretary nominee Vincent Viola and Navy secretary nominee Philip Bilden withdrew their names after citing difficulties disentangling from their businesses. The second Army secretary nominee, Tennessee state senator Mark Green, withdrew after a fierce backlash because of anti-gay and anti-Muslim remarks he had made. “Even if you have all your paperwork in order, it’s a really lengthy, substantial process, especially coming from the business community,” said Katherine Kidder, a military personnel expert at the Center for a New American Security. Given that so many nominees are experienced professionals between the ages of 50 and 65 “if you are facing down retirement it can also be risky to divest,” said Kidder, who served on the defense policy team for Marco Rubio’s 2016 campaign. When it comes to the military, Trump “has said with his budget it’s a priority, he’s said with his rhetoric it’s a priority, but he has not gone about making [these appointments] a priority,” Kidder said. This has resulted in several communications mishaps on the international stage. In one case cited by defense officials that could easily have been prevented by effective communication, Trump announced that the U.S. was sending a naval “armada” as a powerful deterrent to North Korea. Meanwhile, the USS Carl Vinson was actually on its way to participate in military exercises 3,500 miles in the opposite direction. In another, Mattis was taken by surprise when Gen. John Nicholson, the Army general commanding forces in Afghanistan, decided to drop the largest nonnuclear bomb in the U.S. arsenal on Islamic State targets. More seriously, the near-standstill in filling the empty positions is hampering the Pentagon’s ability to plan long-term policy. The National Defense Strategy review, which attempts a cohesive U.S. defense strategy and policy, would usually be led at the undersecretary or assistant secretary level. It’s a complicated process in the best of circumstances, and not having a full team in place will hinder Mattis’ ability to lay out strategic guidance early on. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Pause 1:32 There's a vice presidential debate Tuesday. Really. 7:35 Donald Trump speaks about North Carolina issues 2:38 Hecklers for Sanders overshadow first day of the DNC 0:35 Comedian Sarah Silverman has a message for her fellow Sanders supporters 1:59 Republican National Convention protests by the numbers 2:13 Timelapse: Donald Trump accepts presidential nomination 2:58 Ted Cruz draws boos while Mike Pence accepts VP nomination 1:13 Texas delegate on Cruz: 'It was like a middle finger to the convention' 1:47 Melania Trump and Michelle Obama convention speeches back-to-back Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Mattis, Trump's pick for defense secretary, talks about 'reality of what we deal with with Mr. Putin' James Mattis, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Defense, says the United States is facing it's biggest challenge since World War II. At his confirmation hearing Thursday, Mattis singled out threats from Russia, China and terrorist groups. AP Vera Bergengruen: 202-383-6036, @verambergen LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Pause 1:32 There's a vice presidential debate Tuesday. Really. 7:35 Donald Trump speaks about North Carolina issues 2:38 Hecklers for Sanders overshadow first day of the DNC 0:35 Comedian Sarah Silverman has a message for her fellow Sanders supporters 1:59 Republican National Convention protests by the numbers 2:13 Timelapse: Donald Trump accepts presidential nomination 2:58 Ted Cruz draws boos while Mike Pence accepts VP nomination 1:13 Texas delegate on Cruz: 'It was like a middle finger to the convention' 1:47 Melania Trump and Michelle Obama convention speeches back-to-back Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 months ago 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom 3:56 6 months ago 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom 1:32 8 months ago There's a vice presidential debate Tuesday. Really. 7:35 10 months ago Donald Trump speaks about North Carolina issues View More Video Politics & Government Nearly 70 dead in al-Shabab attack on Somalia military base The Latest: European Central Bank keeps stimulus in place Burr gives GOP a badly-needed lifeline in Trump probe Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State Comey and Trump: 2 alpha males face off over dinner Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളംதமிழ் తెలుగు Facebook Twitter Google Plus Home News India International Sports Business Features Sports Cricket Football Leagues Champions Trophy Movies Bollywood Hollywood Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Television Photo Gallery Lifestyle Beauty Cookery Insync Health Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Auto Car News Bike News Reviews How-To Photos EMI Calculator Offbeat Latest New Cars Gadgets Mobile Tablet Reviews Gadgets Travel Hotels Flights Articles Money News Classroom Personal Finance Mutual Fund Insurance Videos Coupons Makemytrip eBay Jabong Amazon Godaddy Paytm Flipkart Shopclues Zivame Cleartrip Education Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Services Recharge Mobile Coupons Buy Insurance Buy Movie Tickets Indian Language Typing Cabs Social Facebook Twitter G+ Apps Mobile Android apps Mobile IOS apps Verticals Auto - DriveSpark Lifestyle Movies Money - GoodReturns Travel - NativePlanet Education - CareerIndia Classifieds - Click.in Cricket - ThatsCricket Domains Tech - GizBot Newsletters Android App IOS App Home  »  News  »  India  » India's heaviest rocket,GSLV Mk III launched India's heaviest rocket,GSLV Mk III launched Written by: Deepika Updated: Monday, June 5, 2017, 17:37 [IST] Subscribe to Oneindia News New Delhi, June 5: The Indian Space Research Organisation successfully launched its heaviest rocket, GSLV Mk-III D1, carrying 3,1360-kg communication satellite GSAT-19 at 5.28pm from the second launch pad at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre, Sriharikota on Monday. The launch, a culmination of a long and arduous journey spanning more than three decades, will set the ball rolling for ISRO's future projects including Chandrayaan-2 and the manned mission. ISRO launches GSLV Mark III carrying GSAT-19 communication satellite from Sriharikota, AP pic.twitter.com/MvoRhyD9To — ANI (@ANI_news) June 5, 2017 The mission is significant as the GSLV Mk III, that weighs equivalent to the weight of five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo Jets or as much as 200 fully grown elephants, is the heaviest rocket to be launched from our own soil. Till now, ISRO had to depend on foreign launchers for communication satellites weighing more than 2,300 kg. The mission would also augment India's communication resources as a single GSAT-19 satellite will be equivalent to having a constellation of six to seven of the older variety of communication satellites in space. Prior to the launch, some engineers and scientists at ISRO were nervous as most first launches of India's rockets have ended in failure. This success would help ISRO attract more foreign business in the lucrative heavier segment of the satellite business.The government has been promoting the home-grown space programme as a demonstration of low-cost technology. OneIndia News Read more about: isro, gslv, sriharikota, communication, sattelite, rocket Story first published: Monday, June 5, 2017, 17:28 [IST] Other articles published on Jun 5, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... At a time when farmers are dying, BJP embark on ad blitz on agricultural growth Hollywood star Stephen Amell wants to return to WWE India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja becomes father Featured Posts Oneindia in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Oneindia News India Sports Videos Cricket Features Coupons Business International Football Leagues Other Greynium Sites Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Gizbot Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Oneindia Daily Updates Get Oneindia Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The "ONEINDIA" word mark and logo are owned by Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Jun 5, 2017 | 7:31pm IST Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft - sources FILE PHOTO: Jet Airways aircraft stand on tarmac at the domestic airport terminal in Mumbai, India September 9, 2009. REUTERS/Punit Paranjpe/File Photo By Tim Hepher and Aditi Shah | CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI CANCUN, Mexico/NEW DELHI Jet Airways Ltd, India's biggest full service carrier by market share, is in talks to buy 75 single aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet Airways, part owned by Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways, is likely to consider placing an order for either Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. The airline continuously reviews the composition and deployment of its fleet in response to demand trends as well as other economic and market forces, Jet Airways said in an emailed statement. An Airbus spokesman said the company did not comment on talks with customers that may or may not be happening. A Boeing spokeswoman said the company is in constant communication with the airlines in India about their current and future fleet needs but does not discuss specific conversations publicly. Jet Airways' expansion plans come at a time when other airlines in India have hundreds of aircraft on order as they look to tap into a market growing by 20 percent-plus a year thanks to rising incomes and low cost fares. Airlines including Interglobe Aviation's IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir have a combined 880 aircraft on order while AirAsia India said in February it planned to grow its fleet to 20 aircraft by mid-2018 from eight planes. Vistara, owned by India's Tata group and Singapore Airlines, could order 50 narrow-body and 50 wide-body aircraft this year, according to estimates by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). This would result in India's order book, dominated by narrow-body aircraft, becoming the third-largest in the world after the United States and China, according to CAPA. India's domestic passenger numbers topped 100 million last year, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the biggest cities. Jet Airways reported a 67 percent slump in net profit for the fiscal year that ended on March 31, hurt by higher aircraft fuel expenses. (bit.ly/2rQJ2KF) The Indian carrier has an existing order for 75 737 MAX aircraft, which are scheduled for delivery between 2018 and 2023 and will mostly be used for replacement, according to CAPA. (Writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Global markets: Europe steady as UK election, ECB grab attention LONDON European stocks inched higher and the euro and the pound barely budged, as markets readied for a triple-dose of excitement - an ECB meeting, a British election and testimony by the ex-FBI chief fired by Donald Trump last month. Sensex edges lower ahead of ECB meeting, UK polls Indian shares edged lower on Thursday tracking Asian peers as investors await the outcome of a slew of global events, including the European Central Bank's policy meeting and U.K. elections later in the day. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Big Indian state banks need up to $14.8 billion capital by March 2019 - Moody's Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Champions Trophy 2017 Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News FYI facbook twitter googlepluse President, PM Narendra Modi pat ISRO for Made in India GSLV Mk III rocket launch The GSLV-Mark III carried a 3,136-kg GSAT-19 communication satellite to an altitude of around 179 km above the Earth. IndiaToday.in  | Edited by Kritika Banerjee  desk-itgd@intoday.com New Delhi, June 5, 2017 | UPDATED 18:36 IST A +A - Highlights 1 ISRO's heaviest rocket GSLV Mark-III takes off from Sriharikota 2 The rocket carried GSAT-19 communication satellite 3 GSAT-19 is heaviest satellite lifted by an Indian rocket The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) today successfully launched its GSAT-19 communication satellite into space using a monster launch vehicle GLSV Mark-III. The GSLV-Mark III, or the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark III, took off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. The GSLV-Mark III carried a 3,136-kg GSAT-19 communication satellite--the heaviest to be lifted by an Indian rocket till date--to an altitude of around 179 km above the Earth after just over 16 minutes into the flight. "It is a historic day... Both the GSLV Mk-III and the GSAT-19 launch have been successful... We are looking forward to its (GSAT-19) operations," ISRO chairman A S Kiran Kumar said.  Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated ISRO for the feat, and said the GSLV Mark-III/GSAT-19 mission takes India closer to the next-generation launch vehicle and satellite capability. Congratulations to the dedicated scientists of ISRO for the successful launch of GSLV â€“ MKIII D1/GSAT-19 mission.- Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) June 5, 2017 President Pranab Mukherjee also congratulated ISRO scientists and said the nation is proud of the "significant achievement". Heartiest congratulations to ISRO on the historic launch of GSLV-Mk III #PresidentMukherjee- President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) June 5, 2017 In February, ISRO'S workhorse rocket PSLV (Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle) created history by launching 104 satellites in a single mission from Sriharikota. WHY THIS MISSION IS IMPORTANT The GSAT-19's successful launch today will now pave the way for the launch of GSAT-11--a heavier communication satellite--into the space in the near future. Following the GSLV-Mark III's success, India can now launch four-tonne satellites on its own rocket instead of paying huge amounts of money to foreign space agencies to execute the operation. The GSAT-19's launch machine GSLV Mark-III is no less in terms of weight--it weighs 640 tonnes and stands tall at 43.43 metres. The monster rocket weighs as much as 200 elephants or five fully-loaded Boeing Jumbo jets. The GSLV-Mark III rocket is a three-stage vehicle with two solid motor strap-ons, a liquid propellant core stage and a cryogenic engine (C25). The GSAT-19 is billed as the real game-changer as according to experts it can be the first to provide "Internet services using a space-based platform". The GSAT-19 will not have transponders, and instead it will beam data using multiple frequency beams. According to experts, this feature will also let the satellite beam more data to the ISRO. LIVE: Launch of #GSLVMkIII -D1/GSAT- 19- from #Sriharikotta@isrohttps://t.co/fVMcg9O4IN- PIB India (@PIB_India) June 5, 2017 ALSO READ: From 3 satellites in one launch to 104: All you need to know about ISRO's historic  GSLV Mk 3: Here is tech inside India's biggest rocket that can carry humans into space GSAT-19 launch: A communication satellite, a monster rocket and a gamechanging experiment WATCH THE VIDEO HERE   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # ISRO# GSAT-19 launch# GSLV Mark-III   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Airlines Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft, sources say Jet Airways in talks to buy 75 aircraft, sources say Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jun 05, 2017 17:09 hrs New Delhi: Jet Airways Ltd , India's biggest full-service carrier, is in talks to buy 75 single-aisle aircraft with an option to purchase another 75, two people familiar with the plan said on Monday. Jet is likely to place an order either for Boeing's 737 MAX planes or aircraft from Airbus SE's A320neo family, the sources said. Jet Airways did not immediately respond to an email seeking request for comment. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27650.00 (0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28210.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28080.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus to Swap Finnair's Zodiac Seats Amid A350 Quality Concerns by Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz June 4, 2017, 11:40 PM EDT June 5, 2017, 6:34 AM EDT Carrier has orders for 19 planes, with nine already in service Airline’s CEO says he’s also mulling order of smaller aircraft Pekka Vauramo, chief executive officer of Finnair Oyj. Photographer: Henrik Kettunen/Bloomberg Airbus SE will refit Zodiac Aerospace seats on all of Finnair Oyj’s A350 wide-body jetliners because of quality issues, said the airline’s chief executive officer, Pekka Vauramo. Entire business-class berths must be replaced on the nine A350s that Finnair has in operation, Vauramo said in an interview at the International Air Transport Association’s annual meeting in Cancun, Mexico. The changes will be timed to coincide with a major maintenance round due at the end of this year. Pekka Vauramo Photographer: Henrik Kettunen/Bloomberg The plan underscores the struggles of Zodiac, which French engine-maker Safran SA has agreed to buy for 8.7 billion euros ($9.8 billion), in maintaining quality and ramping up deliveries of Airbus’s marquee wide-body. The European planemaker last year handed over 49 A350s, one short of its target, only after a December surge that saw previously manufactured jets fitted with delayed interiors. “With Zodiac we have issues. Earlier deliveries were affected, not the recent deliveries, now it seems to be better under control by Airbus,” Vauramo said. “But there are still quality issues, there’s still a lot of rework on our aircraft that needs to be done.” Narrow-Body Orders Finnair has placed orders for 19 A350s, with two more due in 2017 and the remaining eight to be handed over at a rate of one per year after that, he said. Airbus will have the Zodiac seats refitted. The Finnish carrier is also weighing an order for as many as 30 narrow-body jets for delivery from 2022 and 2023 to replace its existing A320 family planes. The airline is considering both the re-engined version of Airbus’s short-haul workhorse as well as Boeing Co.’s 737. It is already set to take seven new A321 planes this year, with the current engine option. In a further fleet review, Finnair will assess how many wide-body jets it needs to cover growth plans from 2023 to 2030, Vauramo said. The A350’s performance, which has lowered fuel bills by 3 percent despite added capacity, makes the jet a strong contender for a follow-on order, he said. The carrier is set to lift capacity about 15 percent each quarter for the next three quarters as it takes on new aircraft and holds on to two of its older A330 jets that had been due for disposal later this year. Those planes will likely remain in service for another 8 to 10 years, Vauramo said. That suggests the annual increment will be at the higher end of an 8 to 10 percent range previously suggested by the company and reiterated by the CEO. At the same time, revenue per seat kilometer flown should continue to gain this year after declines were halted at the end of 2016. The carrier will also decide whether to hold on to two further A330s up for disposal in 2019. Finnair, which last year saw a surge in cancellations from group tours in Asia following a run of terror attacks across Europe, has since seen a recovery with load factors gaining “a couple of points” from a year earlier. So far, recent terror attacks in London and Manchester haven’t resulted in lower demand. Shares of Finnair were down 0.4 percent at 5.4 euros as of 1.22 p.m. in Helsinki, paring gains this year to 34 percent. Airbus traded 0.6 percent lower. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events Paris Air Show 2017 CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE WEAPONS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Weapons Improvements to BMDS helped MDA intercept an ICBM Geoff Fein, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Missiles & Rockets 05 June 2017 A GBI is launched from Vandenberg AFB, California on 30 May. By the end of 2017, MDA will have 44 GBIs in place at Vandenberg AFB (4) and Fort Greely, Alaska (40). Source: MDA Key Points The CE-2 Block 1 will be fielded on all CY 2017 GBIs The EKV reliability upgrades will be shared with the follow-on RKV Modifications and upgrades to the booster rocket, kill vehicle, and ground systems that combined, make up the US Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS), helped the US Missile Defense Agency (MDA) achieve the first-ever intercept of a threat representative intercontinental ballistic missile (ICMB) target. The team, led by prime contractor and system designer Boeing were facing their most daunting challenge - tracking, targeting, and destroying an ICBM, Norm Tew, Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) vice-president and programme director for Boeing, said on 31 May. "The Ground-based Midcourse Defense system performed flawlessly," Tew said. Northrop Grumman, Orbital/ATK, and Raytheon are teamed with Boeing for BMDS. The test, conducted on 30 May, had several important and noteworthy attributes, Tew said. "It was the maiden flight of a new interceptor design with extensive modifications and focused reliability and performance enhancements," he added. For example, the test demonstrated the ability of Raytheon's Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV), Capability Enhancement 2 (CE-2) Block 1, to find and destroy the target using hit-to-kill. The success of Flight Test Ground-Based Interceptor (FTG)-15, paves the way to produce and field CE-2 Block 1 to enable MDA get to 44 deployed Ground Based Interceptors (GBIs), Tew noted. "Those last GBIs that get us to 44 will have [CE-2 Block 1] on it. The first increment of those will be fielded the rest of this year," he said. Currently MDA has 36 interceptors in place: four at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and 32 at Fort Greely, Alaska. MDA is on track to expand the number of GBIs to 44 by end of calendar year (CY) 2017. The eight additional missiles will be installed in Alaska to defend against North Korean and potential Iranian ICBM threats as they emerge. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (334 of 1884 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Weapons IHS Jane's International Defence Review AMERICAS Lockheed Martin open to expanded Japanese involvement in F-35 programme INDUSTRY SpaceX launching its first X-37B mission in August AIR PLATFORMS US Air Force targets July for UH-1N replacement solicitation MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability WEAPONS USN METOCCOM looks to higher integration of unmanned systems SEA PLATFORMS AMERICAS Lockheed Martin open to expanded Japanese involvement in F-35 programme INDUSTRY SpaceX launching its first X-37B mission in August AIR PLATFORMS US Air Force targets July for UH-1N replacement solicitation MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability WEAPONS USN METOCCOM looks to higher integration of unmanned systems SEA PLATFORMS WEAPONS US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability WEAPONS North Korea test-fires possible anti-ship missiles NAVAL WEAPONS French Navy HIL helicopters to carry Sea Venom/ANL missile AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Update: US Marine Corps exploring new 5.56 mm bullets INFANTRY WEAPONS Indian DRDO-designed QRSAM successfully tested WEAPONS WEAPONS US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability WEAPONS North Korea test-fires possible anti-ship missiles SEA PLATFORMS French Navy HIL helicopters to carry Sea Venom/ANL missile AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Update: US Marine Corps exploring new 5.56 mm bullets INFANTRY WEAPONS Indian DRDO-designed QRSAM successfully tested WEAPONS IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW USN METOCCOM looks to higher integration of unmanned systems IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Austria to upgrade Black Hawk cockpits IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW BAE Systems adds movement tracking capability to GXP software IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Lockheed Martin eyes European opportunities for CMS 330 IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW US Army, Raytheon demonstrate Stinger C-UAS capability WEAPONS USN METOCCOM looks to higher integration of unmanned systems SEA PLATFORMS Austria to upgrade Black Hawk cockpits C4ISR: AIR BAE Systems adds movement tracking capability to GXP software C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Lockheed Martin eyes European opportunities for CMS 330 C4ISR: MARITIME FEATURED REPORT Fleet regeneration: Portugal shapes up a modern, balanced fleet The Portuguese Navy is in the middle of a modernisation effort aimed at building a credible and versatile fleet within the constraints of its size that will enable it continue to operate across a full spectrum of missions beyond the 2020s. Kate Tringham reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Sign in Subscribe All News Exclusives Newspaper & Supplements Newspaper distribution map Calendar Shop Classifieds Subscribe Advertise Donate Contact us About Us Support the Media Development Foundation Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Multimedia More Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Multimedia Russia World Sports Business Wire Classifieds Journalism of Tolerance Hot topics:Real Estate Reform Watch Oligarch Watch Legal Quarterly Eurovision 2017 Russia's war against Ukraine Ukraine-U.S. Relations In Trump Era EU - Ukraine relations Kyiv Post Classics World in Ukraine Ukraine's IT edge EuroMaidan Revolution Ukraine's Energy Challenge Murder In The Sky: Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 Ukraine's Booming Agricultural Sector Trump’s Russia ties Chornobyl Verkhovna Rada Kyiv Post CEO Breakfast Kyiv Post Tiger Conference Doing Business in Ukraine Ukrainian vs. Russian Language Ukrainian Voices From Abroad Yulia Tymoshenko 2015 Economic Crisis 2015 Local Election - Oct. 25 Oct. 26, 2014 Parliamentary Election May 25, 2014 Presidential Election Euro 2012 Oct. 28, 2012 Parliamentary Election London 2012 Olympics Euro Crisis Georgiy Gongadze Kyiv Post's 20th Anniversary Series 2015 Yalta European Strategy Libel Law That time when Ukraine's 25th Year of Independence Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks You're reading: UNIAN: Bellingcat discovers pre-MH17 photograph of Buk 332 Ukraine UNIAN: Bellingcat discovers pre-MH17 photograph of Buk 332 Back to Home Share Tweet Pocket Print Mail Bookmark UNIAN: Bellingcat discovers pre-MH17 photograph of Buk 332 By UNIAN. Published June 5 at 11:25 am This Buk missile launcher was identified as Buk 332 from the 53rd Anti-Aircraft Missile Brigade. Photo by Bellingcat Popular on social media 2 Italian expats fall in love with Ukraine at first sight 502 Ukraine pays respects to late archbishop Lyubomyr Huzar 282 Ukrainians in Italy for work first, but also find pleasure 234 The investigative website Bellingcat.com, which uses open sources and social networks to collect evidence related to the downing of flight MH17 in Donbas in July 2014, has announced it was able to find the “missing link” photograph to identify the Russian Buk missile launcher that shot down the Malaysia Airlines’ Boeing. The picture shows white transport markings on Buk 332 apparently from before a June 2014 convoy that traveled from near the missile launcher’s base in Kursk to Millerovo, near the Russia-Ukraine border. Read more here. Exclusive article Sign up or subscribe to view more articles. Try Kyiv Post for just 99¢ for the first month! See All Plans $5.95 Monthly plan Get unlimited article access, anytime, anywhere. Subscribe $60 Yearly plan Access all the exclusive content on KyivPost.com and the complete online archive. Subscribe Tags: Donbas MalaysiaAirlines MH17 Russia Ukraine Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks Advertisement Subscribe now Subscribe Get daily news updates Breaking news about Ukraine ok Please, fill in the Email field Most read — Mar. Apr. May Jun. Film about Russia’s war in Ukraine receives … May 26, 5:47 pm (Visa-)Free At Last! Europe opens to Ukraine May 18, 11:31 pm Nationalists try to close Lebanese café in heart … May 23, 6:29 pm G7 warns that Russia may face tougher sanctions … May 27, 10:30 pm Popular Russian websites Vkontakte, Yandex, … May 16, 12:20 pm European Council approves visa-free travel for … May 11, 1:39 pm SBU searches Yandex offices in Kyiv, Odesa May 29, 2:39 pm Advertisement Advertisement Add comment Please Sign In to Comment: Login Email me when new comments appear here Replies to my commentsAll comments Sorry, you must be logged in to post a comment. Send Cancel More in this section June 08, 4:19 pm UNIAN: Russian gas transit via Ukraine reaches 5-year high June 08, 4:06 pm British embassy sends Ukraine’s NABU info on Nasirov’s passport June 08, 3:46 pm Poroshenko tasks energy minister to reduce share of nuclear fuel purchases from … June 08, 3:28 pm Two Ukrainian soldiers killed, 11 wounded in Donbas in past 24 hours June 08, 3:23 pm Hromadske: How Poroshenko rules the country after three years June 08, 2:58 pm RFE/RL: Ukrainian parliament makes NATO integration a priority June 08, 1:47 pm Ukraine says blast near US embassy in Kyiv was terrorism, US disagrees June 08, 1:42 pm Newsweek: Blast at US embassy in Kyiv is being investigated as terrorism Most important news and views in your inbox Subscribe Please, fill in the Email field Web links to Kyiv Post material are allowed provided that they contain a hyperlink to the stories and only a brief extract (not more than 10 percent) of the text. © 1995-2017 Public Media Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Photo Video Cartoons World Russia Sports Journalism of Tolerance Newspaper & supplements Business Wire Entertainment Guide Events Calendar Employment Fair Subscription Advertising Classifieds Shop Donations Contact us About Us Support the Media Development Foundation Where to get the Kyiv Post All materials, including photographs, contained on this site are protected by copyright law and may not be reproduced without the prior written permission of Public Media at news@kyivpost.com. All Interfax-Ukraine news agency stories cannot be reproduced or distributed in any form without written permission of Interfax-Ukraine. Ad links: How to place a link here? Close media panel Repeater ? Photo cut-in with a button ? Photo cut-in without button ? Full-width cut-in with buttons ? Blockquote with button ? Social link to Twitter ? Stories with manual related posts ? Stories with related posts in chosen category ? Attention Add a picture Choose file Submit Cancel Add a quote Submit Cancel Attention Are you sure you want to delete your comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to delete all user's comments? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to unapprove user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to spam user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to trash user's comment? Yes No Spelling error report The following text will be sent to our editors: Your comment (optional): powered by Mistape Send Cancel back to top Error! Please try again. Go Email * Already have an account? Sign In Reset password Email * Password * Don't have an account? Register Forgot your password? Remember me Sign In Nickname * Email * Already have an account? Sign In Register
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global Cyber Weapon Market – Global Forecast to 2022 by Sensor Type, Placement and Application  “Global Cyber Weapon Market “Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. A cyber weapon is basis of information technology system inclusive of software, hardware, and communication medium which is designed to damage operation or structure of another information technology based system. Programmers and hackers use zero-day exploit or vulnerabilities in software and weaponries them to develop cyber weapon. These weapons are used against enemy targeted when needed. Cyber weapon are mainly developed to deal with data theft, cybercrime, and sabotage of enemy system. The Offensive cyber weapons are also able of bypassing cyber security of target systems by launching sophisticated attacks.   Necessity of systems surveillance, hardware, intellectual property, theft & destruction of target’s data, and crucial processes of manufacturing & business activities are anticipated to drive the cyber weapon market extensively. Increase in demand to prevent financial loss by the opponent extensively contributes to market demand. The market is expected to witness significant growth over the coming period owing to demand across several application sector like government organizations, public utilities, military, communication networks, financial systems, and necessary services (banking and insurance). Vast confidential data in these segments are extremely vulnerable to unforeseen damage by rouge digital mass shooter pair with disturbed & outraged hackers, which is further anticipated to drive the cyber weapon market significantly.   To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=78288   Several organizations have appling various strategies like product innovation; merger acquisition etc to extend the application ranges in National defense system, industrial control system, and smart power grid and communication network. Major industry players include Lockheed Martin Corporation, Boeing Company, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE Systems plc, and Raytheon Company, Northrop Grumman Corporation, AVG Technologies, Avast Software, Kaspersky Lab, Cisco Systems, McAfee.   Reasons to Buy the Report: This report includes statistics pertaining to the Cyber Weapon market on the basis of insurance type, insurance application, and region. The PEST analysis, value chain analysis, and key strategies adopted by the market players have been provided for the Cyber Weapon market. Major drivers, restraints, opportunities and, challenges for the Cyber Weapon market have been provided in detail in this report. The report includes illustrative segmentation, analysis, and forecast for the Cyber Weapon market based on its segments and sub segments.   About Research n Reports:   Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof.   Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports)       CategoriesGoogle News, Military, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, aircraft, Cyber Insurance, cyber security, Digital Technology, Internet-of-Things, IoT, Network, network security, Robotics, Robotics & Automation, security, Smartphone, Software, Software Testing, Systems Software, Technology, UAV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greenhouse Irrigation Market | Industry Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Next PostNext What is the current market scenario of Global Warranty Management System Market? Know what to expect from this Industry along with analysis and forecasts. Posted on 5 June 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global Cyber Weapon Market – Global Forecast to 2022 by Sensor Type, Placement and Application  “Global Cyber Weapon Market “Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. A cyber weapon is basis of information technology system inclusive of software, hardware, and communication medium which is designed to damage operation or structure of another information technology based system. Programmers and hackers use zero-day exploit or vulnerabilities in software and weaponries them to develop cyber weapon. These weapons are used against enemy targeted when needed. Cyber weapon are mainly developed to deal with data theft, cybercrime, and sabotage of enemy system. The Offensive cyber weapons are also able of bypassing cyber security of target systems by launching sophisticated attacks.   Necessity of systems surveillance, hardware, intellectual property, theft & destruction of target’s data, and crucial processes of manufacturing & business activities are anticipated to drive the cyber weapon market extensively. Increase in demand to prevent financial loss by the opponent extensively contributes to market demand. The market is expected to witness significant growth over the coming period owing to demand across several application sector like government organizations, public utilities, military, communication networks, financial systems, and necessary services (banking and insurance). Vast confidential data in these segments are extremely vulnerable to unforeseen damage by rouge digital mass shooter pair with disturbed & outraged hackers, which is further anticipated to drive the cyber weapon market significantly.   To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=78288   Several organizations have appling various strategies like product innovation; merger acquisition etc to extend the application ranges in National defense system, industrial control system, and smart power grid and communication network. Major industry players include Lockheed Martin Corporation, Boeing Company, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE Systems plc, and Raytheon Company, Northrop Grumman Corporation, AVG Technologies, Avast Software, Kaspersky Lab, Cisco Systems, McAfee.   Reasons to Buy the Report: This report includes statistics pertaining to the Cyber Weapon market on the basis of insurance type, insurance application, and region. The PEST analysis, value chain analysis, and key strategies adopted by the market players have been provided for the Cyber Weapon market. Major drivers, restraints, opportunities and, challenges for the Cyber Weapon market have been provided in detail in this report. The report includes illustrative segmentation, analysis, and forecast for the Cyber Weapon market based on its segments and sub segments.   About Research n Reports:   Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof.   Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports)       CategoriesGoogle News, Military, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, aircraft, Cyber Insurance, cyber security, Digital Technology, Internet-of-Things, IoT, Network, network security, Robotics, Robotics & Automation, security, Smartphone, Software, Software Testing, Systems Software, Technology, UAV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greenhouse Irrigation Market | Industry Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Next PostNext What is the current market scenario of Global Warranty Management System Market? Know what to expect from this Industry along with analysis and forecasts. Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Smart Weapons Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Smart Weapons Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) Smart weapons are guided weapons that can accurately strike a stationary or mobile target. These weapons locate the targets with the help of various guidance systems such as cameras, infrared, GPS, lasers, and satellites. Since their inception, such weapons have continued to evolve and provide the military and paramilitary forces with high accuracy, wide range, and increased lethality. With the increasing modernization in weapon manufacturing technologies and the growing demand for accuracy of air-to-air, air-to-ground, or ground-to-ground strikes, many smart weapons have been developed. Advances in smart weapons would further enhance the capability and efficiency of the military units. Publishers analysts forecast the global Smart Weapons market to grow at a CAGR of 5.55% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-smart-weapons-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global smart weapons market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the recent sales. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography:  Americas  APAC  EMEA Publisher's report, Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors  General Dynamics  Lockheed Martin  MBDA  Orbital ATK  Raytheon Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001819147/sample . Other prominent vendors  Boeing  L3 Technologies  Rheinmetall AG  Textron Systems  Thales Group Market driver  Development of precision-guided weapons  For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge  Issues associated with smart weapons  For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend  Development of advanced weapon systems  For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001819147/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Latest News Dow 21,163 -10.77 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,290 -7.27 -0.12% S&P 500 2,431 -2.44 -0.10% 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:53 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport By Published: June 4, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share Carrier also introduces new international service from Ft. Lauderdale, including nonstop flights to Grand Cayman, and reaches new milestones in Denver and Nashville DALLAS, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- With the arrival of Southwest Airlines Flight 2120 from Chicago Midway (MDW), Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, -0.87% ushered in a new era of air travel as it officially began service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The carrier is offering eight daily nonstop flights, five between CVG and MDW and three between CVG and Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI). "Before we landed in Cincinnati today, travelers were stuck paying high fares and high fees, but that's all changing today with our brand, Customer-friendly policies, and no small regional jets," said Tammy Romo, Southwest's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. "We're at the beginning of our Cincinnati story, and the future looks very bright." The arrival of Southwest's first flight into CVG was greeted by a ceremonial water arch and ribbon-cutting, along with some great giveaways for Customers onboard. Among those Customers were 18 children from Chicago. For many of the kids, who are part of a group called "By the Hand Club for Kids," this was their first airplane ride and visit to another state. The group was also getting the opportunity to take in a Cincinnati Reds baseball game thanks to the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. "We're thrilled to have Southwest join the roster of our airline partners, and that our passengers have another option when traveling to and from CVG," said Candace McGraw, Chief Executive Officer, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. "We look forward to Southwest's success and growth in the Tri-State region." New International Service Today, Southwest launched four, new international routes from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL), including service to one of the carrier's newest countries served, Cayman Islands. Now in the home stretch of a $333 million Terminal 1 revitalization in partnership with Broward County, Fla., the facility features new international gates, additional border processing capacity, and concessions and art reflective of South Florida. Southwest Leaders last week announced initial fares and a flight schedule for service from FLL to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. High-resolution photos from Ft. Lauderdale and Cincinnati are available on Southwest's online newsroom at swamedia.com. More Flights from California Today also marked the beginning of new service linking California to more destinations across the United States. The carrier launched new service between San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; San Diego and Boise; and San Diego and Salt Lake City. Additionally, Southwest began operating seasonal service to New York (via Newark) from Oakland and San Diego, and seasonal service between San Diego and Spokane and Indianapolis. Milestones for Denver and Nashville Southwest continues its commitment to Denver and Nashville, with milestone numbers of flight departures for each market. In Denver, the carrier reached 200 departures a day. With today's schedule, Southwest began operating daily service between Denver and Charleston, S.C., weekend service between Denver and Pensacola, Fla., seasonal service between Denver and Norfolk, Va., and is complementing its Saturday service between Denver and Belize with a new Sunday flight.  In Nashville, Southwest reached 100 departures a day as it began operating new daily service between Nashville and Minneapolis/St. Paul and seasonal service between Nashville and Seattle. To book your seat on any of these new flights visit southwest.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines LUV, -0.87% continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and nine additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-begins-service-at-cincinnatinorthern-kentucky-international-airport-300468204.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Quote References LUV -0.52 -0.87% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $59.44 -0.52 (-0.87%) Volume 337.0K Open $60.10 High $60.10 Low $59.35 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 0.84 Market Cap 36.3B Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $59.44 -0.52 (-0.87%) Volume 337.0K Open $60.10 High $60.10 Low $59.35 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 0.84 Market Cap 36.3B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Begins Service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport DALLAS — With the arrival of Southwest Airlines Flight 2120 from Chicago Midway (MDW), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) ushered in a new era of air travel as it officially began service  at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The carrier is offering eight daily nonstop flights, five between CVG and MDW and three between CVG and Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI). „Before we landed in Cincinnati today, travelers were stuck paying high fares and high fees, but that’s all changing today with our brand, Customer-friendly policies, and no small regional jets,” said Tammy Romo, Southwest’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. „We’re at the beginning of our Cincinnati story, and the future looks very bright.” The arrival of Southwest’s first flight into CVG was greeted by a ceremonial water arch and ribbon-cutting, along with some great giveaways for Customers onboard. Among those Customers were 18 children from Chicago. For many of the kids, who are part of a group called „By the Hand Club for Kids,” this was their first airplane ride and visit to another state. The group was also getting the opportunity to take in a Cincinnati Reds baseball game thanks to the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. „We’re thrilled to have Southwest join the roster of our airline partners, and that our passengers have another option when traveling to and from CVG,” said Candace McGraw, Chief Executive Officer, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. „We look forward to Southwest’s success and growth in the Tri-State region.” New International Service Today, Southwest launched four, new international routes from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL), including service to one of the carrier’s newest countries served, Cayman Islands.  Now in the home stretch of a $333 million Terminal 1 revitalization in partnership with Broward County, Fla., the facility features new international gates, additional border processing capacity, and concessions and art reflective of South Florida. Southwest Leaders last week announced initial fares and a flight schedule for service from FLL to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. High-resolution photos from Ft. Lauderdale and Cincinnati are available on Southwest’s online newsroom at swamedia.com. More Flights from California Today also marked the beginning of new service linking California to more destinations across the United States. The carrier launched new service between San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; San Diego and Boise; and San Diego and Salt Lake City. Additionally, Southwest began operating seasonal service to New York (via Newark) from Oakland and San Diego, and seasonal service between San Diego and Spokane and Indianapolis. Milestones for Denver and Nashville Southwest continues its commitment to Denver and Nashville, with milestone numbers of flight departures for each market. In Denver, the carrier reached 200 departures a day. With today’s schedule, Southwest began operating daily service between Denver and Charleston, S.C., weekend service between Denver and Pensacola, Fla., seasonal service between Denver and Norfolk, Va., and is complementing its Saturday service between Denver and Belize with a new Sunday flight.  In Nashville, Southwest reached 100 departures a day as it began operating new daily service between Nashville and Minneapolis/St. Paul and seasonal service between Nashville and Seattle. To book your seat on any of these new flights visit southwest.com.                         ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and nine additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Extraits du discours de la HR/VP Federica Mogherini au Sommet de Next PostNext Press Releases | Avnet Newsroom Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 5 mins S&P 500 2,430.75 -2.39 (-0.10%) Dow 30 21,163.56 -10.13 (-0.05%) Nasdaq 6,289.90 -7.48 (-0.12%) US missile defense test triggers alarm in Russia, China as North Korea issues new warnings Jeff Daniels CNBC June 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The Pentagon's successful interceptor missile defense test this week is seen as a step toward reducing the nuclear risk from North Korea, but now China and Russia are seeing the U.S. technology as a threat. Regardless, North Korean state newspaper Rodong Sinmun said Thursday that its military was "ready to conduct an ICBM test-fire at any time." During Tuesday's test, the U.S. military intercepted a mock intercontinental ballistic missile target fired from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California during a test of its Ground-based Midcourse Defense, or GMD, system. Besides California, the U.S. also has the GMD system deployed at Fort Greely in Alaska. The interceptor test took place a day after the North Korean regime fired its ninth ballistic missile test this year. Tuesday was only the 10th successful test out of 17 conducted since 1999. This week's test also was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM target. The test is seen as a sign the U.S. military is making progress to combat the mainland U.S. threat from North Korea. Still, the use of numerous decoy missiles or countermeasures by an enemy could overwhelm or confuse the interceptor system and render it useless. Russia and China already have developed countermeasures to increase the chance of a missile reaching a target. And the North Koreans also are believed to be developing similar capabilities, which creates additional national security concerns given Pyongyang's rapid advances in its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. 'Many different ways' North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency on Friday quoted a military spokesman for the hermit state as saying the U.S. is "sadly mistaken if they think such missile interception system can prevent the shower of [a] nuclear strike." "There are many different ways that a missile can trick an interceptor," said Harry Kazianis, director of defense studies at the Center for the National Interest, a think-tank based in Washington founded by former President Richard Nixon. There's an expectation that U.S. adversaries will intensify efforts to counter the GMD and other missile defense technology. Russian President Vladimir Putin hinted as much Thursday "This destroys the strategic balance in the world," Reuters quoted Putin as saying in remarks at an economic forum in St. Petersburg, Russia. Added the Russian leader: "What is happening is a very serious and alarming process. In Alaska, and now in South Korea, elements of the anti-missile defense system are emerging. Should we just stand idly by and watch this? Of course not. We are thinking about how to respond to these challenges. This is a challenge for us." At the same time, China's semiofficial Global Times said this week that the interceptor test is proof the U.S. may be preparing for military action against North Korea and also that the technology "breaks strategic balance among nuke-armed countries." "The enhancement of America's missile defense capability will, in theory, undermine the effectiveness [and] efficacy of nuclear strikes launched by its main strategic rivals, thus consolidating its own domination," according to an op-ed Thursday on the Chinese military's official web portal. China believes the systems "will also stimulate other countries to develop strategic penetration technology at a faster pace or enhance their own strategic defense capability, which will exert a new impact on international security." Russia's and China's first-strike capability and their response capability are "neutered" by the U.S. missile defense, according to Ed Turzanski, an international policy and national security expert at the Foreign Policy Research Institute, a think-tank based in Philadelphia. "They believe they were put in a situation where they are going to have to counter that, and that's the age-old story of military capability," he said. Turzanski, who worked in the U.S. intelligence community in postings throughout Asia and Europe during the Reagan administration, noted that during the Cold War there was an agreement with the Soviet Union that limited the number of U.S. interceptor missiles on each side. That agreement ended when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991. "We knew the minute you had the ability to knock my missile down, you had survivability and you could launch a first strike with impunity. We wouldn't tolerate it from them, they are not tolerating it from us." Read More Number of GMDs grow The U.S. hopes to have a total of 44 GMD interceptors available by the end of the calendar year, up from 36 today, but even with that amount there may not be enough interceptors to take out more than a dozen incoming ICBMs, according to experts. A group of senators last month introduced a bipartisan bill that seeks to bolster homeland missile defense and sharply increase the number of interceptors. The next test of the GMD interceptor system is scheduled for late 2018, according to the Missile Defense Agency. Boeing (BA) is the prime contractor on the GMD program. The U.S. missile agency has received more than $120 billion since 2002 on the GMD missile defense system and it plans to spend an additional $37 billion through 2021 to further develop capabilities, according to a Government Accountability Office report released last month. Meantime, Russia and China also are concerned with the THAAD anti-ballistic missile systems deployed in South Korea. THAAD, a system manufactured by Lockheed Martin (LMT), stands for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense. The controversial THAAD system is a mobile, ground-based system deployed about 130 miles south of Seoul, South Korea, to defeat North Korean missiles. However, its powerful radar gives the U.S. the ability to peer deep into both China and Russia and monitor military activities. Analysts suggest one way Russia could respond to the U.S. anti-missile technology is by increasing its cyberweapons targeting missile defense systems as well as pushing more space-based anti-missile solutions. Russia also could increase the number of fake missiles it has coming down on targets so more interceptors go to the wrong missile. "There are ways to trick the computer systems to think that there's a lot more missiles coming down on a target," said Kazianis. "The challenge here is that there's so many different ways to literally fake out the interceptor system." At present, the U.S. is considered ahead of Russia and China in developing space-based sensors and interceptor technology. Infrared sensors already are on satellites to detect missiles and the Pentagon is expanding efforts to develop a network of additional sensors in space and to experiment with kill capabilities from space. Laser weapons also show promise as part of a missile defense system. They have already been tested in manned aircraft and now development is underway in drones. The U.S. Missile Defense Agency's "long-term goal is to deploy lasers on high-altitude, long-endurance UAV platforms to destroy ICBMs in the boost phase at long standoff ranges," according to spokesman Chris Johnson. Several challenges remain, though, including overcoming the huge power requirements of laser weapons and the scale necessary to put the weapon technology on unmanned vehicles. General Atomics is working on a high-energy laser system for its UAVs that could be used for a range of uses, including missile defense as well as offensive capabilities. "The challenge there is getting the laser powerful enough while also to be light enough to fit on the back of a UAV," said Thomas Karako, a senior fellow at the International Security Program and director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based think-tank. That said, Karako indicated that the laser-based UAV weapon would only be useful for the boost phase of a ballistic missile when it's most vulnerable and rising. The laser probably wouldn't be reliable to kill the missile warhead on its re-entry since at that phase it is designed to withstand intense heat. More From CNBC There won't be a coup in Indonesia: Defense minister UK faces balancing act of civil liberties and security after terror violence What's on tap as Rex Tillerson heads to New Zealand Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Putin Warns U.S.-Russia Nuclear War Would Leave No Survivors Newsweek Trump says he feels 'completely and totally vindicated' after Comey's testimony Business Insider Kamala Harris Cut Off, Told to Be Courteous During Trump Russia Hearing The Cut James Comey testifies before the Senate intelligence committee Yahoo News Video China deployed nuclear-capable missiles to ground targets in US west coast, Pentagon says International Business Times Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Vanguard Target Retirement 2025 Fund: One-Stop Investing for Baby Boomers -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 174
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 5 mins S&P 500 2,431.02 -2.12 (-0.09%) Dow 30 21,166.44 -7.25 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 6,289.90 -7.48 (-0.12%) Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File PhotoMore By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), JP Morgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N). General Electric Co (GE.N) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co (BA.N) Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Read More "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Donald Trump is a sociopath and I fear he's losing his mind, says former US Labor Secretary The Independent Donald Trump's anger reaches new peaks in the White House Newsweek Lawyer says Trump feels 'completely and totally vindicated' by Comey's testimony Business Insider “They’re not even people”: why Eric Trump’s dehumanizing language matters Vox.com GOP senators admonish Dem for persistent questioning Associated Press After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 174
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Carrier also introduces new international service from Ft. Lauderdale, including nonstop flights to Grand Cayman, and reaches new milestones in Denver and Nashville News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. 04 Jun, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article DALLAS, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- With the arrival of Southwest Airlines Flight 2120 from Chicago Midway (MDW), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) ushered in a new era of air travel as it officially began service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The carrier is offering eight daily nonstop flights, five between CVG and MDW and three between CVG and Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI). "Before we landed in Cincinnati today, travelers were stuck paying high fares and high fees, but that's all changing today with our brand, Customer-friendly policies, and no small regional jets," said Tammy Romo, Southwest's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. "We're at the beginning of our Cincinnati story, and the future looks very bright." Southwest Airlines' Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) The arrival of Southwest's first flight into CVG was greeted by a ceremonial water arch and ribbon-cutting, along with some great giveaways for Customers onboard. Among those Customers were 18 children from Chicago. For many of the kids, who are part of a group called "By the Hand Club for Kids," this was their first airplane ride and visit to another state. The group was also getting the opportunity to take in a Cincinnati Reds baseball game thanks to the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. "We're thrilled to have Southwest join the roster of our airline partners, and that our passengers have another option when traveling to and from CVG," said Candace McGraw, Chief Executive Officer, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. "We look forward to Southwest's success and growth in the Tri-State region." New International Service Today, Southwest launched four, new international routes from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL), including service to one of the carrier's newest countries served, Cayman Islands. Now in the home stretch of a $333 million Terminal 1 revitalization in partnership with Broward County, Fla., the facility features new international gates, additional border processing capacity, and concessions and art reflective of South Florida. Southwest Leaders last week announced initial fares and a flight schedule for service from FLL to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. High-resolution photos from Ft. Lauderdale and Cincinnati are available on Southwest's online newsroom at swamedia.com. More Flights from California Today also marked the beginning of new service linking California to more destinations across the United States. The carrier launched new service between San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; San Diego and Boise; and San Diego and Salt Lake City. Additionally, Southwest began operating seasonal service to New York (via Newark) from Oakland and San Diego, and seasonal service between San Diego and Spokane and Indianapolis. Milestones for Denver and Nashville Southwest continues its commitment to Denver and Nashville, with milestone numbers of flight departures for each market. In Denver, the carrier reached 200 departures a day. With today's schedule, Southwest began operating daily service between Denver and Charleston, S.C., weekend service between Denver and Pensacola, Fla., seasonal service between Denver and Norfolk, Va., and is complementing its Saturday service between Denver and Belize with a new Sunday flight.  In Nashville, Southwest reached 100 departures a day as it began operating new daily service between Nashville and Minneapolis/St. Paul and seasonal service between Nashville and Seattle. To book your seat on any of these new flights visit southwest.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and nine additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-begins-service-at-cincinnatinorthern-kentucky-international-airport-300468204.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com 06 Jun, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines to Present at Deutsche Bank's 8th Annual Global Industrials and Materials Summit 01 Jun, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Announces New Caribbean Service Details During Sneak Peek Of New Facility At Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Intl. Airport My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Jun, 2017, 11:00 ET Southwest Airlines Reports May Traffic 06 Jun, 2017, 11:00 ET Southwest Airlines Offers Domestic Fares Starting As Low As $49... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. 04 Jun, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport DALLAS, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — With the arrival of Southwest Airlines Flight 2120 from Chicago Midway (MDW), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) ushered in a new era of air travel as it officially began service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The carrier is offering eight daily nonstop flights, five between CVG and MDW and three between CVG and Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI). „Before we landed in Cincinnati today, travelers were stuck paying high fares and high fees, but that’s all changing today with our brand, Customer-friendly policies, and no small regional jets,” said Tammy Romo, Southwest’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. „We’re at the beginning of our Cincinnati story, and the future looks very bright.” Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) The arrival of Southwest’s first flight into CVG was greeted by a ceremonial water arch and ribbon-cutting, along with some great giveaways for Customers onboard. Among those Customers were 18 children from Chicago. For many of the kids, who are part of a group called „By the Hand Club for Kids,” this was their first airplane ride and visit to another state. The group was also getting the opportunity to take in a Cincinnati Reds baseball game thanks to the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. „We’re thrilled to have Southwest join the roster of our airline partners, and that our passengers have another option when traveling to and from CVG,” said Candace McGraw, Chief Executive Officer, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. „We look forward to Southwest’s success and growth in the Tri-State region.” New International Service Today, Southwest launched four, new international routes from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL), including service to one of the carrier’s newest countries served, Cayman Islands. Now in the home stretch of a $333 million Terminal 1 revitalization in partnership with Broward County, Fla., the facility features new international gates, additional border processing capacity, and concessions and art reflective of South Florida. Southwest Leaders last week announced initial fares and a flight schedule for service from FLL to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. High-resolution photos from Ft. Lauderdale and Cincinnati are available on Southwest’s online newsroom at swamedia.com. More Flights from California Today also marked the beginning of new service linking California to more destinations across the United States. The carrier launched new service between San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; San Diego and Boise; and San Diego and Salt Lake City. Additionally, Southwest began operating seasonal service to New York (via Newark) from Oakland and San Diego, and seasonal service between San Diego and Spokane and Indianapolis. Milestones for Denver and Nashville Southwest continues its commitment to Denver and Nashville, with milestone numbers of flight departures for each market. In Denver, the carrier reached 200 departures a day. With today’s schedule, Southwest began operating daily service between Denver and Charleston, S.C., weekend service between Denver and Pensacola, Fla., seasonal service between Denver and Norfolk, Va., and is complementing its Saturday service between Denver and Belize with a new Sunday flight.  In Nashville, Southwest reached 100 departures a day as it began operating new daily service between Nashville and Minneapolis/St. Paul and seasonal service between Nashville and Seattle. To book your seat on any of these new flights visit southwest.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and nine additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-begins-service-at-cincinnatinorthern-kentucky-international-airport-300468204.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 创新进行时：顶尖科技潮流齐聚2017年亚洲消费电子展 Next PostNext If agriculture fails, so will our rural communities, FUW warns Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport DALLAS, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — With the arrival of Southwest Airlines Flight 2120 from Chicago Midway (MDW), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) ushered in a new era of air travel as it officially began service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The carrier is offering eight daily nonstop flights, five between CVG and MDW and three between CVG and Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI). „Before we landed in Cincinnati today, travelers were stuck paying high fares and high fees, but that’s all changing today with our brand, Customer-friendly policies, and no small regional jets,” said Tammy Romo, Southwest’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. „We’re at the beginning of our Cincinnati story, and the future looks very bright.” Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) The arrival of Southwest’s first flight into CVG was greeted by a ceremonial water arch and ribbon-cutting, along with some great giveaways for Customers onboard. Among those Customers were 18 children from Chicago. For many of the kids, who are part of a group called „By the Hand Club for Kids,” this was their first airplane ride and visit to another state. The group was also getting the opportunity to take in a Cincinnati Reds baseball game thanks to the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. „We’re thrilled to have Southwest join the roster of our airline partners, and that our passengers have another option when traveling to and from CVG,” said Candace McGraw, Chief Executive Officer, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. „We look forward to Southwest’s success and growth in the Tri-State region.” New International Service Today, Southwest launched four, new international routes from Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL), including service to one of the carrier’s newest countries served, Cayman Islands. Now in the home stretch of a $333 million Terminal 1 revitalization in partnership with Broward County, Fla., the facility features new international gates, additional border processing capacity, and concessions and art reflective of South Florida. Southwest Leaders last week announced initial fares and a flight schedule for service from FLL to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos, beginning Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite governmental approvals. High-resolution photos from Ft. Lauderdale and Cincinnati are available on Southwest’s online newsroom at swamedia.com. More Flights from California Today also marked the beginning of new service linking California to more destinations across the United States. The carrier launched new service between San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; San Diego and Boise; and San Diego and Salt Lake City. Additionally, Southwest began operating seasonal service to New York (via Newark) from Oakland and San Diego, and seasonal service between San Diego and Spokane and Indianapolis. Milestones for Denver and Nashville Southwest continues its commitment to Denver and Nashville, with milestone numbers of flight departures for each market. In Denver, the carrier reached 200 departures a day. With today’s schedule, Southwest began operating daily service between Denver and Charleston, S.C., weekend service between Denver and Pensacola, Fla., seasonal service between Denver and Norfolk, Va., and is complementing its Saturday service between Denver and Belize with a new Sunday flight.  In Nashville, Southwest reached 100 departures a day as it began operating new daily service between Nashville and Minneapolis/St. Paul and seasonal service between Nashville and Seattle. To book your seat on any of these new flights visit southwest.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and nine additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-begins-service-at-cincinnatinorthern-kentucky-international-airport-300468204.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 创新进行时：顶尖科技潮流齐聚2017年亚洲消费电子展 Next PostNext If agriculture fails, so will our rural communities, FUW warns Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: June 4th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily June 4th, 2017 ViaSat Celebrates Successful Launch and Even the First Signals from ViaSat-2  Successful launches are never taken for granted, and rightly so. That is why ViaSat enjoyed a celebration when the launch of ViaSat-2 was transported perfectly and the first signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter.  ViaSat's Statement ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is pleased to announce the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana.  Approximately 29 minutes after liftoff, the ViaSat-2 mission was underway with the satellite separating from the launch vehicle. First signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter through a ground station at Hassan, India. In the coming days, ViaSat-2 will start orbit raising with its chemical propulsion system, followed by solar array deployments, and will then switch over to its electric propulsion system to complete orbit raising over the coming months. ViaSat expects it will take several months for ViaSat-2 to reach its final orbital destination, located at 69.9 degrees west longitude. Mark Dankberg, ViaSat's chairman and CEO commented, "Today's successful launch is a momentous event in ViaSat's history. It represents the culmination of hard work, dedication and commitment to technical excellence from across the ViaSat team. We also want to recognize our launch team partners, Boeing and Arianespace, for their support and collaboration in helping us successfully launch ViaSat-2." ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. ViaSat-2 is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Dankberg continued, "The innovations in our ViaSat-2 spacecraft and underlying network will enable us to be one step closer to connecting the world, and delivering new higher speed fixed and mobility services that will continue to compete with traditional broadband services." "Arianespace is excited to have delivered for ViaSat!  We are proud to have launched one of the world's most advanced telecommunications satellites, ViaSat-2, safely to orbit. Great things are in store for our friends at ViaSat," said Stéphane Israël, CEO of Arianespace. "We are honored that ViaSat has put their trust in Boeing to build and deliver their next-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, a high-power 702 satellite with advanced capabilities that will help ViaSat connect millions around the world through high-speed broadband service," said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. Topical Tags :  Agencies    Launch    Consumer Applications    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    North America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News Five Planned Proton-M Pushes by Russia This Year Ten Years of EO Service for COSMO-SkyMed ILS' Successful EchoStar XXI Launch Minus One Year's Delay Marlink Pumping 300 Mbps for MSC Cruises Next-Generation Mega Ship SES Extending Comms Capabilities Within Burkina Faso More News An Additional German Office is Opened by NSSLGlobal ViaLite's DWDM Technology to Link Teleports for Intelsat's EpicNG Platform Consortium that Includes GMV to Supply Copernicus Services to the EU Airbus Keeps 'Em Communicating, 15 Bundeswehr German Troops Enjoy Free Connectivity  No More Helicopter Island Hopping ... ViaLite's DWDM Fiber Links Connect Remote Pacific Islands Konnect Africa to Reshape 'From Above' the Satellite Broadband Industry New Compact Multi-Antenna Reference Design for NexGen Connected Cars Debuts from Taoglas Last Week's Top Stories Plug is Pulled ... No-Go for Intelsat and OneWeb Merger ... and Intelsat's Statement It's a G'day for Aussies as First Satellite in 15 Years Released from ISS ... However SpaceX Moves Launch of Iridium's NEXT Satellite Constellation Ahead of Schedule ... 10 at One Time December Set for Launch of Bangladesh's First Satellite RUAG Space and VIPs Celebrate Decatur, Alabama Manufacturing Facility Totaling Four US Locations ISRO Getting "Heavy" with GSLV Mk III Launch ILS Announces, After a Year's Delay, EchoStar XXI Will Finally Launch Bon Chance! Arianespace Celebrates Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B 'Carry On' Says NASA to Blue Canyon Technologies’ RAVAN Cubesat GomSpace to Deliver Two Smallsats to SpaceQuest News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA Cyber Security for National Defense Symposium Small Satellite Conference: Small Satellites  Big Data IDGA Maritime ISR Summit Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Tokyo
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Officers & members from business, govt, arts, culture and sport Nevil Gibson Monday June 5, 2017 Share Emily Perkins (Victoria University) RELATED AUDIO: Sir John Key says he’s honoured to receive knighthood, mulls further business opportunities Play Log in or subscribe to listen to audio. Pause Add to MyNBR Radio 0 0:00 0:10 Play NBR radio on New Officers and Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit from business, local government and arts, culture and sport include: Business – ONZM Avon Cook has pioneered world-class products, such as the first anti-bacterial disposable glove for the food industry through his companies Fabricell International and Novatek International. He has also engaged in philanthropic activities and in the Auckland Jewish Community. Craig Emeny has contributed to the Chatham Islands community since 1985 through his business Air Chathams, which now extends to Whakatane and Whanganui. Allan Fenwick has held honorary and senior positions in racing administration over 30 years, including chief executive of NZ Thoroughbred Racing from 1993-2005. He has also been a board member of the NZ Equine Research Foundation since 1993 and secretary since 2009. AJ Hackett (Alan John) developed the modernised elastic bungy cord, founded commercial bungy jumping and, over 30 years, turned the adventure tourism activity into a global phenomenon. Over the past 20 years, he has been dedicated to expanding the AJ Hackett brand overseas and exporting bungy to Australia, Indonesia, Kuala Lumpur, China, France, the US, Mexico, Europe, Russia and Singapore. Geoffrey Whitcher has pioneered new capital market approaches for startup companies as the founding director of the University of Auckland Business School’s Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship. This includes the Icehouse incubator and Velocity programme. A former Fletcher Challenge executive, he was an organiser of the Knowledge Wave conferences in the 2000s that led to the establishment of the KEA global network of expatriate New Zealanders. Business – MNZM Stephen Canny has been general manager of strategic and business projects at Venture Southland since 2001. Economic initiatives range from broadband installation and mineral surveying to crop testing and climate analysis. Community projects have included the Te Anau and Waiau Medical Trusts, Hump Ridge Walking Track, Locator Beacon Trust, Otatara Community Centre, Southland Youth Adventure Trust, Borland Lodge and Southland Velodrome. James Guild has been active in the deer industry for more than 40 years as a councillor and president of NZ Deer Farmers Association, director of the Game Industry Board and the Cervena Trust and the inaugural chairman of Provelco Co-op. He is also chairman of the Queen Elizabeth II National Trust and Molesworth steering committee. Graham Kennedy is a chartered accountant who has held a range of corporate governance roles in Ashburton since 1973. From 1977-2011 he was the director and then chairman of Brophy Knight; a founding director of the NZX listed Heartland Bank and chairman of Cates Grain and Seed and Earth and Sky. He is a trustee of the Ashburton Aquatic Park Charitable Trust, which established Lake Hood.  Robert Khan is the founder and chief executive of Radio Tarana, which has served Auckland’s Indian community for more than 20 years and through a partnership with MediaWorks has provided a revenue model for ethnic media throughout the country. He is the founder and organiser of the South Auckland Festival of Lights (Manukau Diwali) and when he was a Waitemata District Health Board member helped launch New Zealand’s first Asian Health Unit and Pacific Health Unit. Michael Meredith regularly uses his skills as a chef and restaurant owner (Neredith’s) to raise funds for charity. He holds weekly Dine by Donation nights, supports the Garden to Table Trust and is culinary adviser to Eat My Lunch, which serves thousands of free lunches to Auckland school children every week. John Roy-Wojciechowski turned to charity and philanthropic work associated with his Polish ancestry after selling out of Mainzeal, a construction company he co-founded. He is a founding member of the Auckland, Wellington and New Zealand Polish Associations; was the Honorary Consul in Auckland for Poland from 1998-2013; funded the establishment of the Polish Heritage Trust Museum in Howick. Murray Sutherland has been involved in his family’s Kaiapoi-based sawmilling business, Sutherland Timber, since he was 25 and now employs 110 staff with export markets in Asia, the US and Australia. Mr Sutherland supports a wide range of sporting and community activities. Karen Willcox is on the advisory board of the Department of Engineering at the University of Auckland and is based in Boston where she is co-director of the MIT Centre for Computational Engineering and professor of aeronautics and astronautics. She was previously at Boeing Phantom Works and her research at MIT has produced methods that are widely applied in aircraft system design and environmental policy decision-making. She is a regular visiting professor at Auckland, most recently in 2016. Local government – ONZM Brendan Duffy was Mayor of the Horowhenua District Council from 2004 to 2016 and a councillor from 1995-2004. This period included the Lake Horowhenua Accord in 2013 to restoring its environmental health. He was vice president of Local Government New Zealand from 2014-16. Local government – MNZM Ross Scarlett chaired the West Coast Regional Council and was a councillor for five terms. He was chairman of Westland Milk Products and led Westland Dairy through the introduction of the Dairy Industry Restructuring Act. Arts, culture & sport – ONZM Mark Hadlow is an actor who has performed in more than 130 theatre productions and appeared in television series and films in a wide range of genres and roles over 35 years. His recent one man show MAMIL raised money for the renovation of the Martinborough Town Hall and constructing the Pauanui to Tairua Trail. Other charitable causes include the Christchurch City Mission, multiple sclerosis and prostate cancer. He is a Reservist officer with the Royal New Zealand Navy and led the creative programming component of the 75th Anniversary of the RNZN in 2016. Rachel House has contributed to the performing arts sector as an actor and director for more than 25 years. Television programmes include Maddigan's Quest, Hope & Wire and Monkey while her roles in feature films range from the lead in White Lies to box office hits Boy and Hunt for the Wilderpeople. She also voiced Gramma Tala in the Disney animated film Moana. Simon O’Neill is one of the world’s finest “heldentenors” (heroic tenors) suited to demanding operatic roles. He is a principal artist with the Metropolitan Opera and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Teatro alla Scala, Berlin, Vienna and Bayerische State Operas, and both the Salzburg and Bayreuth Festivals. He was appointed an adjunct research fellow at Te Koki New Zealand School of Music in 2012and is patron of the New Zealand Singing School Trust. Arts, culture & sport – MNZM Annie Crummer entered the entertainment industry in the mid-1980s as a singer-songwriter in groups such as Netherworld Dancing Toys, When the Cat’s Away and Herbs. She has released two solo albums and has had roles in a number of musicals, including Rent and We Will Rock You. In Māori Television’s Songs from the Inside she mentored prisoners to write and perform. She received a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Vodafone Pacific Music Awards in 2011. Tim Gresson has practised law for 50 years, including Crown Solicitor in Timaru for 33 years. He is better known as a rugby referee and administrator at the national and international levels, with particular responsibilities for disciplinary procedures as judicial chairman of five Rugby World Cups. He has been an anti-corruption officer for New Zealand Cricket and in 2012 was appointed an Appeal Tribunal member for the Judicial Control Authority for Racing. Shane Hales ("Shane") has been in the entertainment industry for 51 years and still organises an annual concert that has raised more than $50,000 dollars for the North Shore Hospice Society. He has presented his own television show Rockin’ The Planet on Face TV, which showcases new musical talent, and has entertained UN troops deployed in Darwin and Timor Leste in 2007. He is a member of the Benny Award judging panel for highest award for presented annually by the Variety Artists Club of New Zealand and won this award in 2011. Peter Hayden was a key member of the documentary company Natural History New Zealand from its establishment as Natural History Unit in 1978 until his retirement in 2012. Productions include the long running nature series Wild South. He co-hosted the children’s show Wildtrack in the 1980s and he has appeared in several New Zealand films and television shows. Rachel Lang has produced and written television shows for more than 30 years. These  include Outrageous Fortune, Go Girls, This Is Not My Life, Mercy Peak, Nothing Trivial, The Blue Rose and Filthy Rich. She was the first New Zealand story editor, a writer and executive producer for Shortland Street and her international work includes the Australian drama Hyde and Seek. Maurice McKendry has been one of New Zealand’s leading harness racing drivers for more than 40 years and is the second driver in New Zealand to achieve more than 3000 race wins. Mr McKendry has won almost every Group One trotting race and competed in four World Championships in 1987, 1989, 1991 (winner) and 1993. Allen McLaughlin retired last year after a career in sports broadcasting since 1975, specialising in cricket and rugby league. He was judged best commentator at the New Zealand Radio Awards in 2008.. Fiona Pardington is an internationally acclaimed photographer and visual artist whose exhibiting career has spanned more than 30 years. Major exhibitions of her work have been held at Frankfurter Kunstverein, Musée du Quai Branly (France), Monash University Museum of Art, the 17th Sydney Biennale, the Kyiv International Biennale (Ukraine) and in Berlin. Emily Perkins is an award-winning author of four novels and a collection of short fiction. She has won a Montana Book Award and the international Believer Book Award. She has taught creative writing at Auckland, AUT and Victoria universities. Adaptations for the stage and screen include Ibsen’s The Doll House and Eleanor Catton’s The Rehearsal. She hosted the The Good Word (initially The Book Show) on television from 2006-12 and a spin-off, The Good Word Junior, aimed at younger readership. Read more from Nevil Gibson Email Nevil: ngibson@nbr.co.nz Follow @@nevilgibson Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Queen's Birthday Honours 2017 aj hackett geoffrey whitcher Related Articles:  Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Sir John Key heads list of two dames and three knights Mon 5 Jun 17 27 Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Companions from business, politics and more Mon 5 Jun 17 Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: The full list Mon 5 Jun 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7221 0.0034 0.47% AUD 0.9568 0.0036 0.38% EUR 0.6436 0.0050 0.78% GBP 0.5588 0.0042 0.76% HKD 5.6290 0.0274 0.49% JPY 79.4420 0.4530 0.57% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1293.2 -7.550 2017-06-07T00: Oil Brent 48.4 -1.890 2017-06-07T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -2.340 2017-06-07T00: Silver Index 17.6 -0.090 2017-06-07T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7473.7 7473.7 7467.9 -0.12% NASDAQ 6311.7 6311.9 6297.4 0.04% DAX 12688.5 12740.4 12672.5 0.25% DJI 21169.8 21193.6 21173.7 0.07% FTSE 7478.6 7489.7 7478.6 -0.26% HKSE 25974.0 26070.0 25974.2 0.34% NI225 20048.3 20061.2 19984.6 -0.38% ASX 5667.2 5679.1 5667.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants from around the world in first year, Woodhouse says Media and advertisers facing ongoing industry disruption, PwC says Equity crowdfunders want retail investment cap lifted Airline group unhappy at Auckland Airport's pricing reset ‘Its time has come’ – Seymour on End of Life Choice bill Commented Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing US Secretary of State defends US withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Govt, Akl Council investigate peak hour traffic tolls to cut congestion KiwiRail board backed diesel engines to keep freight customers, Bridges says Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Auckland Airport’s Adrian Littlewood justifies its pricing reset There are risks for businesses and investment in NZ from the latest global tax crackdown, says tax partner Brendan Brown ACT's Seymour speaks about his End of Life Choice Bill after it was pulled from the ballot James Comey’s statement sure to stoke curiosity at upcoming Senate testimony, on Trump’s Beltway NBR Radio: best of the week ended June 2, with Grant Walker Only available on Previous article Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Sir John Key heads list of two dames and three knights Next article Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Companions from business, politics and more Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Queen's Birthday Honours 2017: Officers & members from business, govt, arts, culture and sport
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Shares Bought by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC VWR Corp (VWR) Position Boosted by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC Mattress Firm Holding Corp (MFRM) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Microvision (MVIS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows MTS Systems (MTSC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) Stock Price Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Patrick Industries (PATK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Mannatech (MTEX) Share Price Leucadia National Corp Invests $3.01 Million in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Shares Bought by Wexford Capital LP Wexford Capital LP Buys 196,921 Shares of AerCap Holdings (AER) Leucadia National Corp Lowers Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Wexford Capital LP Invests $1.04 Million in TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Analysts Set Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Price Target at $7.38 Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Director Richard N. Barton Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock IXYS Co. (IXYS) Director S Joon Lee Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock 7,000 Shares in Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Acquired by Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Has $358,000 Stake in American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Pictet & Cie Europe SA Has $2.38 Million Stake in WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Fiduciary Group LLC Holds Stake in AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) Head-To-Head Analysis: Ehi Car Services (EHIC) versus Air Lease Corp (AL) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance Tweet Air Lease Corp (NYSE: AL) and Ehi Car Services (NYSE:EHIC) are both transportation companies, but which is the better stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their earnings, dividends, risk, profitabiliy, institutional ownership, valuation and analyst recommendations. Analyst Ratings This is a breakdown of recent ratings and target prices for Air Lease Corp and Ehi Car Services, as provided by MarketBeat.com. Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Air Lease Corp 0 1 5 0 2.83 Ehi Car Services 0 0 0 0 N/A Air Lease Corp presently has a consensus target price of $44.40, suggesting a potential upside of 16.75%. Given Air Lease Corp’s higher probable upside, equities analysts clearly believe Air Lease Corp is more favorable than Ehi Car Services. Dividends Air Lease Corp pays an annual dividend of $0.30 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.8%. Ehi Car Services does not pay a dividend. Air Lease Corp pays out 9.1% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Air Lease Corp has increased its dividend for 3 consecutive years. Institutional and Insider Ownership 90.1% of Air Lease Corp shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 28.5% of Ehi Car Services shares are held by institutional investors. 9.5% of Air Lease Corp shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, hedge funds and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term. Volatility & Risk Air Lease Corp has a beta of 1.6, meaning that its share price is 60% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Ehi Car Services has a beta of 0.47, meaning that its share price is 53% less volatile than the S&P 500. Profitability This table compares Air Lease Corp and Ehi Car Services’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Air Lease Corp 26.09% 14.83% 3.58% Ehi Car Services 0.33% 0.16% 0.08% Earnings & Valuation This table compares Air Lease Corp and Ehi Car Services’ revenue, earnings per share and valuation. Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio EBITDA Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Air Lease Corp $1.44 billion 2.72 $339.41 million $3.29 11.56 Ehi Car Services $306.11 million 2.26 $133.95 million $0.01 1,012.01 Air Lease Corp has higher revenue and earnings than Ehi Car Services. Air Lease Corp is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Ehi Car Services, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. Summary Air Lease Corp beats Ehi Car Services on 14 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks. About Air Lease Corp Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus S.A.S. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. The Company also provides fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. The Company provides aircraft to airline customers in various markets, such as Asia, the Pacific Rim, Latin America, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and North America. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 237 owned aircraft and 30 aircraft in its managed fleet portfolio. About Ehi Car Services eHi Car Services Limited, formerly Prudent Choice International Limited, is a holding company. The Company is engaged in car rentals and car services. The Company provides self-drive car rental services to both individual customers, as well as corporate and institutional clients to meet travel, leisure, business and ground transportation needs. The Company operates its car rentals business primarily through its subsidiaries, including Shanghai eHi Car Rental Co., Ltd. (eHi Rental), eHi Auto Services (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd. (eHi Jiangsu), and their subsidiaries and branches. For its car services business, the Company provides vehicles and chauffeur services through different subsidiaries. The Company provides chauffeur services through its subsidiary, Shanghai Smart Brand Auto Driving Services Co., Ltd. (Shanghai Smart Brand), and its subsidiaries and branches. The Company has a limited operating history. Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data   Data Analysis Techniques for Football Coaches by RII Sports Technology PARKER, Colo. - June 4, 2017 - PRLog -- RII Sports Technology will be conducting a training series called "Data Analysis Techniques for Football Coaches" during the month of June 2017. The series is designed to help football coaches more effectively leverage the data they collect when breaking down game film each week as they scout opposing teams. RII Sports Technology is football's Code-Breaking & Intelligence leader - providing coaches with tools that unlock the full power of film data. "A team's film data has the potential to be its single greatest competitive advantage – but only if the coaching staff knows how to get the most out of it," says Tom Woods, RII Sports Technology's founder. "As we've worked with football teams over the past few seasons we've seen a need to help coaches better understand a few simple principles of structuring and working with data – principles that, if they understand and implement, will allow them to unlock the full potential of their film data." In addition to his work with RII Sports Technology, Woods is the President of its parent company, TTJ&B Inc., which for more than 15 years has provided data and analytical solutions to the Aerospace & Defense industry for organizations like NASA, the US Air Force, the US Missile Defense Agency, Lockheed Martin, and Boeing. These free, 50 minute sessions are conducted via live webcast from RII Sports Technology's Colorado offices and are limited to 10 coaches per session. Football coaches can register for sessions being offered in the month of June 2017 at http://www.r2sportstech.com/datfc.html. A variety of topics are covered, everything from showing coaches how to use their data to optimize their play calling, to methods for uncovering hundreds of hidden high-probability tendencies contained in their film data. Sessions include: DAT001 Breaking Down Film with a Purpose DAT002 Exposing High-Probability Tendencies in Film Data DAT003 Exploiting Film Data to Align Your Strengths on the Opposition's Weaknesses For more information on these free sessions, visit www.r2sportstech.com/datfc.html. Participants must be active members of a football coaching staff at either the High School, Collegiate or Professional level. Contact RII Sports Technology Tom Woods ***@r2sportstech.com Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12642725/1 End Source : RII Sports Technology Email : ***@r2sportstech.com Tags : Football, Coaching, Coach, College Football, High School Football, Professional Football Industry : Science, Software, Sports Location : Parker - Colorado - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse RII Sports Technology News New England Patriots' Offensive & Defensive Tendencies to be Broadcast Online, Live During Sunday's AFC Championship Game New England Patriots' Offensive & Defensive Tendencies to be Broadcast Online, Live During their Divisional Playoff Game with the Houston Texans RII Sports Technology Gives NFL Fans the Opportunity to Interact with Real Film Breakdown Data on the New York Giants Offense New Technology Allows NFL Fans to Call Plays Against Arizona Cardinals Coach Bruce Arians During Monday Night Football New Technology Allows NFL Fans to Call Plays against Carolina Panthers Head Coach Ron Rivera Live During Monday Night Football SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? Police State in London → The Military-Industrial Complex is in Love with Trump Posted on June 4, 2017 by Katie New Eastern Outlook – by Steven MacMillan Trump’s first trip to a foreign country as US President was anything but dull. During his time in Saudi Arabia, there was sword dancing, glowing orb madness and a whole other host of strange behaviour. In between all of this weirdness however, there was one thing that was entirely orthodox for a US President to do when in Arabia: agree to arm the Saudis to the teeth. The US and Saudi Arabia sealed the largest arms deal in US history during Trump’s visit, a deal worth approximately $350 billion over the next decade, although Senator Rand Paul is expected to try and block a portion of the deal. Trump’s slimeball son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was heavily involved in the negotiations, reportedly helping to get the Saudis a better deal.   This agreement once again reveals that Trump will serve the military-industrial complex well during his reign in office, as the share price of the giant war contractors soared after news of the deal broke. In the words of the former US congressman and host of the Liberty Report, Ron Paul, the military-industrial complex was the special interest that gained the most from Trump’s Saudi visit: “This trip I would consider not a diplomatic trip. This was well-staged to serve a few special interests; and I would say the most powerful special interest that the President has kowtowed to would be the military-industrial complex. It’s up to 350 billion dollars over the next 10 years and who knows what, and Trump is just excited about this” (from 3:55 into the show).  The US-Saudi arms deal comes a month and a half after Trump launched 59 Raytheon-made Tomahawk cruise missiles at a military base controlled by the Syrian government, one of the main powers fighting against ISIS and associated ‘moderate rebels.’ The illegal military action led to an immediate surge in the value of Raytheon shares, as well as in the stocks of other war contractors whose technology was also used in the missile launch. Since Trump’s inauguration on the 20th of January, the former real estate mogul has clearly shown a prominent militaristic side, a side which elates the military-industrial complex. In fact, some of the giants of the military-industrial complex contributed to Trump’s record-breaking inaugural fund, with both Boeing and Lockheed Martin donating $1 million each, according to a US filing. Trump’s first prosed budget – for the fiscal year that begins on the 1st of October – is yet more confirmation that we can expect a continuation of the perennial wars under the ‘anti-interventionist’ commander-in-chief. The budget includes a 10% increase for the Pentagon (yes, the same Pentagon that couldn’t account for $6.5 trillion during the 2015 fiscal year), which will put the national security budget at over $600 billion if it is approved. To put that in perspective, Russia’s defence budget has been well under $100 billion for years, with the 2017 budget slashing defence spending to around $50 billion. Trump’s proposed budget also includes 100 Tomahawk cruise missiles from Raytheon, helping to replenish the ones used to strike a sovereign country that is at the forefront of the real war on terrorism. As I warned in an article published all the way back in August 2016, the idea peddled by Trump’s zealot supporters during the election campaign that Trump was somehow an anti-war, anti-interventionist candidate, was, and still is, total nonsense. Trump will continue the long tradition of US Presidents who pursued policies that enriched the military-industrial complex at the expense of an infinite number of human lives. Dwight D. Eisenhower’s warning over half a century ago could not have been more prescient, as the military-industrial complex is one of most powerful special interests that rules the US today. Unfortunately, Americans did not heed Eisenhower’s warning, which he expressed in his 1961 farewell address: “This conjunction, of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry, is new in the American experience. The total influence – economic, political, even spiritual – is felt in every city, every state house, every office of the federal government. We recognise the imperative need for this development, yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications… In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes Steven MacMillan is an independent writer, researcher, geopolitical analyst and editor of  The Analyst Report, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. http://journal-neo.org/2017/06/01/the-military-industrial-complex-is-in-love-with-trump/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 830 ← Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? Police State in London → One Response to The Military-Industrial Complex is in Love with Trump Mark Schumacher says: June 4, 2017 at 7:25 am This has nothing to do about security, it’s about filling shareholders (Clinton’s, Obama, past presidents pockets.) This is how they fund pensions, pay big medical, and basically screw you and me. These Arabs never fly combat, they’re punks wearing turbins. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Ned Ryerson on Refugee boys sentenced in sexual abuse of Twin Falls girl; family upset with punishment Jgo on Alleged leaker’s parents fear Trump will be tough on case Mark Schumacher on House to vote on killing Dodd-Frank today Jamal on Iraqi forces execute hospital employee suspected of ISIS links, journalist tells RT mary in ND on Dixie Chicks – Not Ready to Make Nice Jelena on 25,000 troops to take part in largest US-led Black Sea drills in July jackie on Printable List of Monsanto Owned “Food” Producers Angel-NYC on Your invited to the USS Liberty Memorial Public Library June 8th 2017, the 50th Anniversary An Obsolete Man on Printable List of Monsanto Owned “Food” Producers Leverage on Trump Administration Will Allow Nursing Homes To Strip Residents Of Legal Rights D3790-794 on Marijuana Is The New Frontier For MA Tobacco Wholesalers GrayRider on 25,000 troops to take part in largest US-led Black Sea drills in July Angel-NYC on Your invited to the USS Liberty Memorial Public Library June 8th 2017, the 50th Anniversary Angel-NYC on Ratt Bassturd Double Tap flee on Ratt Bassturd Double Tap Terrance on Your invited to the USS Liberty Memorial Public Library June 8th 2017, the 50th Anniversary flee on Sandy, Utah Shooting: Mom, Young Son Dead After Gunman Opens Fire on Car Koorz on Sears Selling ‘Free Palestine, End the Israeli Occupation’ T-Shirts, Sparking Ire Angel-NYC on Ratt Bassturd Double Tap Hal Apeeno on Ratt Bassturd Double Tap Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks UK Election Gulf Crisis Nehal Hashmi Advertisement business Saturday Jun 03 2017 By RREUTERS Big US companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By RREUTERS Saturday Jun 03, 2017 WASHINGTON: Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the US at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Advertisement More From Business: business CNG stations in Sindh to remain closed from Thursday to Friday Updated 20 hours ago business Markets falter as investors eye UK election, ECB, Comey Updated 2 days ago business Agriculture, CPEC to raise Pakistan's growth to 5.5 percent in 2017/18: World Bank Updated 2 days ago business Asian stocks stumble, oil creeps up as markets ponder fallout of Mideast tension Updated 2 days ago business PSX gains 1,500 points Updated 3 days ago business Major airlines announce end to Qatar-bound flights Updated 3 days ago business Sindh govt presents budget with over Rs1 trillion outlay for first time Updated 3 days ago business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Updated 4 days ago business Cement exports declined 45% in May this year Updated 4 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Sports 12 minutes ago Dhawan, Dhoni propel India to 321 Sports 2 hours ago Rumman Raees joins Pakistan squad for Champions Trophy Pakistan 2 hours ago Afghan women's arrest: Main suspect identified by CCTV footage Pakistan 2 hours ago Pakistan will do all it can to diplomatically resolve Gulf crisis: PM Advertisement
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Technology SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship NASA via Getty Images The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen in this long exposure photograph as it launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, Saturday, June 3, 2017. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen in this long exposure photograph as it launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, Saturday, June 3, 2017. (NASA via Getty Images) Associated Press Privacy Policy CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. After a two-day delay caused by thunderstorms, the unmanned Falcon rocket blasted off carrying a Dragon capsule that made a station delivery nearly three years ago. When this refurbished Dragon reaches the orbiting lab on Monday, it will be the first returning craft since NASA's now-retired shuttles. The first-stage booster flown Saturday afternoon was brand new, and as is now the custom, returned to Cape Canaveral following liftoff for a successful vertical touchdown. "The Falcon has landed," SpaceX Mission Control declared from company headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and a cheer went up. The plan is to launch the booster again, instead of junking it in the ocean as so many other rocket makers do. Just two months ago, SpaceX launched its first recycled booster on a satellite mission. Another flight featuring a reused booster is coming up later this month. This Dragon capsule, meanwhile, came back for take two following a few modifications and much testing. Shortly before liftoff, a SpaceX vice president, Hans Koenigsmann, called the Dragon reflight "a pretty big deal." It's all part of the company's quest, Koenigsmann said, to lower the cost of access to space through reusability. The Dragon soaring Saturday has the same hull and most of the same parts from its 2014 flight. SpaceX installed a new heat shield and parachutes, among a few other things, for the trip back to Earth at flight's end. The Dragon is the only supply ship capable of surviving re-entry; all the others burn up in the atmosphere. NASA's other supplier, Orbital ATK, will see its cargo carrier depart the 250-mile-high complex on Sunday, six weeks after arriving. Besides the usual supplies, the 6,000-pound shipment includes mice and flies for research, a new kind of roll-up solar panel and a neutron star detector. For now, SpaceX said savings are minimal because of all the inspections and tests performed on the already flown parts. NASA's space station program manager, Kirk Shireman, told reporters earlier in the week that SpaceX did a thorough job recertifying the Dragon and that the risk is not substantially more than if this were a capsule straight off the factory floor. He said the entire industry is interested in "this whole notion of reuse," first realized with the space shuttles. It was the 100th launch from NASA's hallowed Launch Complex 39A, the departure point for the Apollo moon shots as well as dozens of shuttle missions, including the last one in 2011. SpaceX now leases the pad from NASA; the company's first launch from there was in February. SpaceX has been hauling station supplies for NASA for five years, both up and down. This is the company's 11th mission under a NASA contract. The company's next step is to deliver astronauts using modified Dragons. That could occur as early as next year. Until SpaceX and Boeing start transporting crews, astronauts will continue to ride Russian rockets. On Friday, a Russian and Frenchman returned from the space station in their Soyuz capsule, leaving two Americans and a Russian behind. The station was zooming over Oman in the Persian Gulf when the Falcon took flight. ___ Online: SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/ NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel NASA SpaceX News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 77°
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The 'artificial moon dust' that could help man live on the lunar surface and kickstart plans to mine asteroids The company produced dirt similar to that found on an asteroid or the moon  Deep Space Industries delivered 3.5 gallons (13 liters) of the dirt to NASA  The artificial dirt could be used to test space technologies such as metal extraction for use in space, oxygen for life support and space suit development Using resources found in the surrounding environment in space means fewer materials need to be brought from Earth By Cecile Borkhataria For Dailymail.com Published: 18:45 EDT, 5 June 2017 | Updated: 19:03 EDT, 5 June 2017 e-mail 70 shares 22 View comments An asteroid mining company has produced dirt that simulates the material found on an asteroid or the moon.  The company, Deep Space Industries, recently delivered 3.5 gallons (13 liters) of the dirt to NASA. The simulated space dirt could be used to test space technologies such as metal extraction for 3-D printing of parts, oxygen for life support, and the potential health effects of asteroid dust particles. Scroll down for videos  Lunar meteorites, or lunaites, are rocks that come from the moon. Rocks break off from the moon when asteroids and comets strike its surface. Deep Space Industries recently delivered 3.5 gallons of material that simulates the material on an asteroid or the moon to NASA 'The crushed rock found on celestial bodies is called regolith and we can make regolith simulants by using a special recipe of minerals mined on Earth' said Rob Mueller, a senior technologist with Kennedy Space Center in Florida.  HOW DO MOON ROCKS ARRIVE ON EARTH?  Lunar meteorites, or lunaites, are rocks that come from the moon. Rocks break off from the moon when asteroids and comets strike its surface. Meteoroids strike the moon every day but don't always hit hard enough to cause rock to break off. But when a meteoroid hits the moon with great force, fragments break away and are propelled away from its surface. When the rocks escape the field of gravity shrouding the moon, they usually become captured by the gravity of the Earth or sun. Rocks can orbit the Earth and sun for thousands or even millions of years before they eventually fall to Earth.  'This will help researchers perform experiments and conduct equipment testing for potential mining of useful resources in space. 'Private industry is helping NASA in this effort.' Deep Space Industries (DSI) proposed the development of the asteroid stimulant in response to NASA's Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program 2015 call for proposals.  The company developed a range of asteroid stimulants for government and commercial use, and their delivery to Kennedy Space Center is their first batch to be used by researchers.  To make the artificial regolith, DSI had to analyze the mineral composition of meteorites - the only material present in significant amounts on Earth that originated from other planetary bodies (apart from the lunar rocks brought back during the Apollo program).  Once they analyzed the meteorites, they found rocks with similar mineral contents on Earth and ground them down into powders.  DSI researchers then mixed the powders in proper proportions to stimulate the mineral composition of specific types of asteroids.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next India launches 'fat boy' megarocket in test for manned... Revealed: The hottest planet ever found! KELT-9b is a... How astronauts perform first aid in space: Experts reveal... Welcome back! SpaceX's historic first recycled Dragon... Share this article Share 70 shares The company also worked with faculty and students at the University of Central Florida to test and verify the physical properties of the artificial meteorite regolith.  'The NASA SBIR program is interested in helping industry grow into new research areas,' said Mike Vinje, who leads SBIR activities at Kennedy Space Center.  'We look at this asteroid simulant from Deep Space Industries as a potentially enabling technology.'  The artificial regolith could help NASA researchers convert materials found in space into usable supplies for use in space - such fuel, oxidizer for fuel, water, air, building materials and even spare parts.   This practice of using resources found in the surrounding environment is called in-situ resource utilization (ISRU).   If more materials gathered onsite can be used, then fewer material need to be brought from Earth.   DSI will eventually produce several tons of five types of asteroid regolith stimulants for NASA, universities and the space mining industry for testing.  Once Deep Space Industries analyzed the composition of meteorites, they found rocks with similar mineral contents on Earth and ground them down into powders. DSI researchers then mixed the powders in proper proportions to stimulate the mineral composition of specific types of asteroids. Pictured are containers of the asteroid stimulant ready for delivery to NASA NASA researchers will use the regolith to to develop space technologies for future missions where local resources can be used instead of transporting resources from Earth.  Some of the potential applications that may benefit from using the artificial regolith include excavation technologies, sample collection for resource prospecting, granular material handling in microgravity, thermal processing of regolith to extract volatiles like water and carbon dioxide, oxygen for life support, space suit development and other materials. To make the artificial regolith, Deep Space Industries had to analyze the mineral composition of meteorites - the only material present in significant amounts on Earth that originated from other planetary bodies (apart from the lunar rocks brought back during the Apollo program). Pictured is an asteroid known as Vesta While the group of companies capable of developing these ISRU technologies is small, the customer base is growing.  For example, United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and The Boeing Company formed in 2006 to provide cost-efficient access to space for government missions, recently announded a long-term plan that includes ISRU-derived fuels for its Advanced Cryogenic Evolved Stage booster concept - a liquid oxygen/liquid hydrogen upper stage rocket for use on the Vulcan space launch vehicle.  'If you are able to create an industry that is able to mine propellant from the moon or asteroids or other locations, we’d be willing to buy it,' said ULA Advanced Programs Manager Michael Holguin at the company's Human Spaceflight Update during the 2016 International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflight.  'It would lower the cost of in-space transportation by an order of magnitude.' 'We have a long way to go in the ISRU field, and a lot of tough challenges that need to be solved along the way,' Vinje said.  'However, we are planting seeds in industry – seeds that will help everyone make progress in this field, not just NASA.'   Share or comment on this article e-mail 70 shares Most watched News videos Blonde shopper gets into scrap with trader who wanted her to buy eggs Video claims to show U.S. airstrike on Syrian government forces Driver pulls out HUGE snake stuck in gas pump using his hands Look out! Parachute skier almost takes out bikini-clad woman Bear causes panic after invading Russian nuclear submarine base 'Floating city' appears in the sky after a heavy hailstorm Mum encourages children to throw stones at zoo hippo Moment truck smashes into cars on Queensland highway Florida rescue crew comes to the aid of two stranded jet skiers Man gets caught with motor oil and DVDs stuffed in his jeans Shocking moment police officer aims gun at man for filming 'Oh my gosh the sheriff!': Hannah gets a visit from top officer Paris pollution victim sues France for making her... Holy cow! Brave man wades waist-deep into sewage-filled... Shocking moment 'mother and daughter' throw stones at a... Polly wants a molar! Father ties his son's loose tooth to... Mystery solved! Man reveals his brother and a woman... PETA hits back at claims it is trying to deceive viewers... Dramatic footage shows the moment rafters rescue a man... Trump brags about Paris pullout and controversial... Don't look down! Daredevil sets a new record in tense... 'I should probably go play the lottery': Business owner... Anonymous alum donates whopping $140 million to MIT the... Karma! Trump White House taunts Iran over terror attack... Cops AND robbers: Baltimore police officers charged with... Retired Navy commander pleads guilty to fraud for lying... Adopted son and two friends forced his parents to the... Boy, 4, accidentally shoots dead his mother's 29-year-old... Dramatic moment deputies rescue two Florida jet skiers... Belmont favorite Classic Empire out of the race after... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 22 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The fossils that rewrite human history: 300,000-year-old bones found in Morocco reveal Homo Sapiens evolved... Einstein was right! Scientists prove his 100-year-old theory by WEIGHING a distant star using gravity Elon Musk gives a sneak peek of Tesla's 'Model Y' SUV and self driving truck The Milky Way exists in a giant hole of the universe that may have helped life on Earth to develop The news article that predicted the devastating impact of fossil fuels on climate change and warned the... Girls preyed on by 'sextortion' internet gangs: Expert warns growing number are being targeted by bogus... A nice brew is the greatest invention ever (oh, and the wheel too!) Teabags appear in top ten list alongside... 'Is Theresa May related to Brian May?': Google Trends captures what Brits are asking online as they head to... Scientists create the world's first 2D MAGNET that is just one atom thick: Incredible device could lead to... The AI that warns you if you are being 'catfished': Software can spot fake online profiles with more than... Should we create robots that have SELF-DOUBT? Shy droids that are hardwired to need constant human... Samsung could accelerate plans for the Galaxy Note 8 in a bid to beat Apple's iPhone 8 to market Friendships are more important than family and can boost our health and happiness as we age London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes: Hyperloop One reveals the nine shortlisted European routes for Elon... Pioneering 3D imaging techniques reveal hidden teeth of a dinosaur first discovered over 200 YEARS ago MORE HEADLINES Samsung could accelerate plans for the Galaxy Note 8 in a bid to beat Apple's iPhone 8 to market The fossils that rewrite human history: 300,000-year-old bones found in Morocco reveal Homo Sapiens evolved across Africa 100,000 years EARLIER than thought Another blow for Kodi: Phoenix, one of the most popular add-ons for the streaming software, shuts down following a crack down on illegal content The Milky Way exists in a giant hole of the universe that may have helped life on Earth to develop Be careful what you Snap: Apple's iOS 11 lets users capture shared photos and videos on Snapchat without anyone knowing Elon Musk gives a sneak peek of Tesla's 'Model Y' SUV and self driving truck The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Nasa releases terrifying animation from its asteroid-hunting probe that pinpoints the space rocks that could hit our planet and wipe out humanity as scientists warn the threat has INCREASED Einstein was right! Scientists prove his 100-year-old theory by WEIGHING a distant star using gravity Is the first human to set foot on Mars in NASA's latest astronaut class? 12 new recruits revealed who will train for deep space missions Do YOU have the 'mind reading' gene? Scientists discover women are more likely to have it and are better able to understand a person's thoughts just by looking at their eyes - so how well would you score in a test?  The shape changing robot furniture that can transform your apartment at the touch of a button  Lake Erie inches away from its highest ever level after massive surge Walmart reveals automated pickup kiosks to take on Amazon's grocery delivery service The American bug ravaging Italy's olive oil industry: Bacteria causes trees to wither and die - and there's no cure MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem Study done at FSU 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Web giant won't remove vile rants: One million see videos which inspired killer but Google says it doesn't break their rules 668 comments 2 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Bilderberg Bilderberg conference: attendees dodge the press as secretive meeting ends Most in attendance avoided journalists at all costs, but Ryanair’s CEO says annual gathering of world’s elite was ‘very useful’ A police officer stands guard at the entrance of Westfield Marriott Hotel, where the Bilderberg conference took place. Photograph: Alex Wong/Getty Images Bilderberg Bilderberg conference: attendees dodge the press as secretive meeting ends Most in attendance avoided journalists at all costs, but Ryanair’s CEO says annual gathering of world’s elite was ‘very useful’ Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Charlie Skelton in Chantilly, Virginia Monday 5 June 2017 15.02 EDT Last modified on Thursday 8 June 2017 09.39 EDT Michael O’Leary hopped out of his limousine, saw me scuttling towards him with my camera, and darted off into departures. I hurried in after him. Bilderberg: the world’s most secretive conference is as out of touch as ever Read more He looked tired. The Ryanair chief executive was heading home from Washington after his third Bilderberg conference, three gruelling days of hot-button geopolitical discussions and trying not to get stuck next to George Osborne at dinner. I cornered him next to a terrible-looking airport steakhouse and, wearily, he agreed to answer a couple of questions. Around the notoriously tight-lipped Bilderberg group, this was a big step. Even though the annual conference is packed with government ministers, senators and party leaders, the public is resolutely denied even the most cursory press briefing. Attendees spotted by the press are for the most part still locked in a bizarre, pre-internet paradigm of hiding their faces behind copies of the Financial Times or even, in the case of one participant this year, bending double to avoid – heaven forfend! – being identified. The shame of it! Whatever would people say? Judging from the hair and physique, and the glimpse of an earring in another photo, my guess is that the bent-double attendee might have been Ana Botín, head of Banco Santander. It says something about how messed up the relationship is between Bilderberg and the press that I’m trying to identify the executive chairman of one of Europe’s largest banks as she – or someone with similar hair – sprawls forwards in a minibus, into the lap of the former US treasury secretary Larry Summers. This is undignified for everybody involved. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael O’Leary on Trump’s progress: ‘He’s got things done.’ Photograph: Charlie Skelton for the Guardian At the airport, the Canadian finance minister, Bill Morneau, would not even grace journalists with a “no comment”. He had just spent a long weekend talking business and politics with the president of Canada’s largest bank. O’Leary, at least, agreed to speak. I asked him about the top item on this year’s agenda: “The Trump administration: a progress report”. What was Bilderberg’s verdict? O’Leary thought for a moment. “I would say … reasonable. He’s got things done, but there’s more to do.” It sounds like Trump’s regulatory bonfire isn’t quite the howling blaze the CEOs and industrialists of Bilderberg would prefer, but it’s a step in the right direction. He’s got potential. Trump’s commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, must have made a good case. Ross was a clever choice of envoy: a private equity billionaire, a former trustee of Brookings and a former Rothschild investment banker. He’d fit right in at Bilderberg. I asked if O’Leary had found the conference useful. “Absolutely,” he said. “It’s always very useful.” It’s worth wondering what “very useful” might mean to the ruthless CEO of a company that makes more than $1.5bn a year, an industry lobbyist who has privately petitioned politicians on behalf of Airlines 4 Europe, a man who once called environmentalists “lying wankers” and said they ought to be shot and the owner of a horse called “Rule the World”. To the heads of Ryanair, Bayer, Axa, Fiat Chrysler, Airbus, Lazard and Google, “useful” is not a vague or fuzzy term. It means “financially worthwhile”. Something they value enough to clear time in their diaries, to get on a long-haul flight, to risk having to make small talk with George Osborne over cocktails. If you want to know why O’Leary would want to join the steering committee of this annual, under-the-radar political summit, the answer lies in the nature of the beast. Bilderberg is plugged into the very highest levels of high finance and intelligence. There were two ex-CIA chiefs at this year’s conference: General David Petraeus and John Brennan, both of whom now work in the private sector. There was the current US national security adviser, HR McMaster, and a former director of MI6, Sir John Sawers, who now sits on the board of BP. At its deepest level, the group is dominated by transnational finance and big business. The conference chairman is a director of HSBC, the newly appointed treasurer is the head of Deutsche Bank, and the administrative body is run by a senior adviser to Goldman Sachs. The relationship between Bilderberg and Goldman Sachs runs deep. This year’s conference featured senior figures from the bank; the annual returns of American Friends of Bilderberg, a tax-exempt group, show it registered to the address of a Goldman Sachs board member, James A Johnson. Its sister organisation, the UK-based Bilderberg Association, is heavily funded by Goldman Sachs and registered to the business address of Simon Robertson, former managing director of the bank’s London operation, Goldman Sachs International. The current chairman of Goldman Sachs International, José Manuel Barroso, sits on the Bilderberg steering committee, alongside the chairman of the bank’s international advisory board, Robert Zoellick. In other words, if Goldman Sachs is the “vampire squid” that Rolling Stone’s Matt Taibbi said it was, Bilderberg is its brain: doing the deep thinking, inviting historians and futurists’ perspectives, trying to work out where the world is going, doing its best to make sure everything stays more or less on course. What might this course be? One of the historians invited to this year’s shindig was Stephen Kotkin of Princeton, who wrote recently that it was “up to Russia’s leaders to take meaningful steps to integrate their country into the existing world order”. This statement chimed exactly with an item on the conference agenda, “Russia in the international order”, but also suggested a flicker of optimism not shared by some of the anti-Putin brigade at Bilderberg, such as Radosław Sikorski of Harvard. Chantilly in the spotlight: inside the secretive Bilderberg's 'home from home' Read more Some at this year’s Bilderberg have a financial interest in the international order being a bit more disorderly: the CEO of Airbus, a board member of Boeing, the chairman of the Saab group. They are in the business of selling weaponry, so a bit of friction on the eastern front might do wonders to warm up their bottom line. When it comes to China, Bilderberg has a more consistently positive attitude. The Chinese ambassador to the US attended this year, although he did so at the same moment the US secretary of defense, James Mattis, was firing off a warning to Beijing about the South China Sea. Some might think the presence of such a senior diplomat at a private conference would bring Bilderberg close to a breach of the Logan Act, which forbids US citizens from negotiating independently with foreign governments in dispute with the US. But never mind: this year’s conference was a great success. The sun came out, the delegates kept their heads down, and there was only one arrest: a 62-year-old Swiss lady in love-heart sunglasses called Maria. She had travelled to Virginia with some friends, seeking to heal Bilderberg with positive vibrations. But after a strenuous session working with her vibrational discs, she crossed the security line in an attempt to use a portable toilet. She found herself clapped in handcuffs and led off to be charged with trespassing. Topics Bilderberg Michael O'Leary Ryanair Trump administration Donald Trump features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive World › Bilderberg world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz A Russian Fighter Plane’s Tragic Error Brought Us Google Maps Sebastien Roblin June 5, 2017 TweetShareShare The April 1978 shootdown of Korean Air Lines Flight 902 by a Soviet Su-15 fighter plane—which killed two passengers but spared 107 others—distressed the Soviet air force, not because it had shot down a civilian airliner, but rather that it had gotten so far into Soviet airspace before being intercepted. Five years later, a second encounter between Su-15s and a Korean airliner would result in far heavier loss of life. On Aug. 30, 1983, KAL Flight 007 departed from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, bound for Seoul with 269 crew and passengers aboard. The 747 airliner made a refueling stop at Anchorage, Alaska, where the crew was informed that one of radio navigation beacons the flight computer usually relied on was non-functional. The crew was supposed to switch the computer to follow the a gyroscope-based Inertial Navigation System, but for some reason it was not properly reset. Thus, when the plane missed the beacon, its autopilot remained fixed on a straight-line heading mode which led it hundreds of miles off course towards the Kamchatka peninsula, which served as a base for Russian nuclear forces. Cold War tensions were at peak that year, and an American RC-135 reconnaissance plane had snooped just outside the Kamchatka airspace earlier that day. When Soviet radars detected the approaching jumbo jet, the Soviet Air Defenses Forces (PVO) scrambled four MiG-23 interceptors to deal with the interloper. However, heavy winds had disabled several of ground-based defense radars in the region, and without full coverage the Soviet fighter planes could not locate the airliner. The MiG-23s returned to base, short on fuel. This was in part due to a policy of limiting the fuel load on standby aircraft after defector Victor Belenko flew his MiG-25 all the way to Japan in 1975. Thus, a jumbo jet flying at high altitude in a straight line, making no evasive maneuvers, managed to confound the Soviet air defense system and soar across the Kamchatka peninsula and back into international airspace. PVO commanders were hopping mad at the failure. Declassified transcripts of the conversation between Gen. Valery Kamensky, commander of the Eastern District of the PVO, and his subordinate Anatoly Kornukov reveal that the former was ready to shoot down the escaping airplane over international airspace—after confirming it was not a civilian plane. Kornukov, however, felt that the intruder was clearly a military spy plane, and advocated a shoot-first approach. Unfortunately, Flight 007’s straight line path took it back over Soviet airspace as it overflew the Sakhalin islands. The PVO had a new wave of three Su-15s and one MiG-23 ready to catch the intruder. Radio communication transcripts reveal that around 6:12 UTC, the Soviet fighters entered visual contact with Flight 007 and began acquiring missile locks. Years later, Soviet pilot Genadi Osipovich recalled seeing the 747’s running lights and the row of lit windows along the passenger compartment. “I knew it was a civilian plane,” Genadi admitted in an interview with Izvestia, but “but it is easy to turn a civilian type of plane into one for military use.” The 707 airliner is indeed the basis for a number of American reconnaissance planes. However, there are no espionage variants of the 747, which has an iconic humped profile. In any case, Genadi did not tell his commanders that he had intercepted an airliner, and they did not ask him to I.D. the plane. They did instruct him to fire several warning bursts with his underwing cannon pods. Genadi fired more than 200 23-millimeter shells across the airliner’s nose, but the shots likely went undetected by the airliner crew, as his weapons lacked tracer ammunition. Around this time, the Korean pilot even radioed flight control in Tokyo that he was climbing for reasons of fuel economy, without ever mentioning the Russian fighters. The Soviets perceived this as an evasive maneuver, which was seen as an admission of guilt. Flight 007 would soon be exiting Soviet air space, so the PVO instructed Osipovich to “Destroy the target.” Like Kamensky before him, Osipovich was actually too close to use his missiles against the slow-moving airliner, and he had expended his cannon rounds on the warning shots. He instead dove a mile below the airliner, flipped his plane back up using his afterburners and successfully acquired a missile lock from below. Two R-98 missies—an evolved variant of the R-8—streaked upwards toward the Boeing. One of the missiles detonated its large 88-pound proximity-fused warhead around 50 meters behind the 747’s tail. The blast severed the airliner’s elevator cables, disabled one of the four turbojet engines, and knocked out multiple hydraulic systems. Shrapnel also tore a nearly two-foot wide hole in the fuselage, depressurizing the airplane. The second missile likely missed. The damaged elevator cables actually caused Flight 007 to climb to higher altitude. The flight crew reported the damage to Tokyo and managed to keep their mortally wounded plane airborne for a dozen more minutes before the Boeing spiraled into the Sea of Japan near Moneron Island. Pages 1 2 3 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Sebastien Roblin Why Trump Is Capitalizing On Obama's U.S.-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership Contrary to popular beliefs, Vietnam is not leaning to China, and the United States is not radically changing its policy toward Asia. Alexander Vuving Trump Will Reverse Damage Done by Obama's Cuba Policy The Trump administration is reportedly considering measures that would block deals between American companies and the Cuban military. Mike Gonzalez It’s Time to Limit Crude Oil Imports The United States has emerged as an energy superpower, and this has altered its relationship to oil prices. Samuel Rines Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Wednesday 07 June, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, North America White House looks for ways to undermine ComeyR... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections White House looks for ways to undermine Comey's credibility After Pulse attack, gay Latino community seeks strength Mexico: 4 killed in prison uprising in northern border state US Supreme Court lifts stay on execution of Alabama inmate Scooter Gennett hits 4 home runs for Reds to tie MLB record Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Mon, Jun 5th, 2017 Latest Stories / space / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau SpaceX Launches First Recycled Supply Ship Share This Tags SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. After a two-day delay caused by thunderstorms, the unmanned Falcon rocket blasted off carrying a Dragon capsule that made a station delivery nearly three years ago. When this refurbished Dragon reaches the orbiting lab on Monday, it will be the first returning craft since NASA’s now-retired shuttles. The first-stage booster flown Saturday afternoon was brand-new, and as is now the custom, returned to Cape Canaveral following liftoff for a successful vertical touchdown. “The Falcon has landed,” SpaceX Mission Control declared from company headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and a cheer went up. Reusable booster The plan is to launch the booster again, instead of junking it in the ocean as so many other rocket makers do. Just two months ago, SpaceX launched its first recycled booster on a satellite mission. Another flight featuring a reused booster is coming up later this month. This Dragon capsule, meanwhile, came back for take two following a few modifications and much testing. Shortly before liftoff, a SpaceX vice president, Hans Koenigsmann, called the Dragon reflight “a pretty big deal.” It’s all part of the company’s quest, Koenigsmann said, to lower the cost of access to space through reusability. The Dragon soaring Saturday has the same hull and most of the same parts from its 2014 flight. SpaceX installed a new heat shield and parachutes, among a few other things, for the trip back to Earth at flight’s end. The Dragon is the only supply ship capable of surviving re-entry; all the others burn up in the atmosphere. NASA’s other supplier, Orbital ATK, will see its cargo carrier depart the 250-mile-high complex on Sunday, six weeks after arriving. Besides the usual supplies, the 6,000-pound shipment includes mice and flies for research, a new kind of roll-up solar panel and a neutron star detector. Similar risk For now, SpaceX said savings are minimal because of all the inspections and tests performed on the already flown parts. NASA’s space station program manager, Kirk Shireman, told reporters earlier in the week that SpaceX did a thorough job recertifying the Dragon and that the risk is not substantially more than if this were a capsule straight off the factory floor. He said the entire industry is interested in “this whole notion of reuse,” first realized with the space shuttles. It was the 100th launch from NASA’s hallowed Launch Complex 39A, the departure point for the Apollo moon shots as well as dozens of shuttle missions, including the last one in 2011. SpaceX now leases the pad from NASA; the company’s first launch from there was in February. SpaceX has been hauling station supplies for NASA for five years, both up and down. This is the company’s 11th mission under a NASA contract. The company’s next step is to deliver astronauts using modified Dragons. That could occur as early as next year. Until SpaceX and Boeing start transporting crews, astronauts will continue to ride Russian rockets. On Friday, a Russian and Frenchman returned from the space station in their Soyuz capsule, leaving two Americans and a Russian behind. The station was zooming over Oman in the Persian Gulf when the Falcon took flight. Credit : Voice of America (VOA) | Photo Credit: AP Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News White House looks for ways to undermine Comey’s credibility After Pulse attack, gay Latino community seeks strength Mexico: 4 killed in prison uprising in northern border state US Supreme Court lifts stay on execution of Alabama inmate Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Rise of the machines | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive E-PAPER SIGN IN About E-Paper Subscribe Free Trial Report problem Contact us Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Rise of the machines 5 Jun 2017 at 12:30 2,066 viewed1 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: ASIA FOCUS | WRITER: ERICH PARPART - + The internet and smartphones with all their applications are changing everything humans do, from the way we sleep, eat and exercise to how we drive, work and bank. With e-commerce, you never have to go out shopping ever again, and with the internet of things (IoT), your refrigerator will remind you when to get groceries and even order them if you like. With wearable technology, your watch can tell you that your heart rate is too fast, and you will never forget to take your pill again. You can also bank from anywhere at any time with mobile banking. Some of the newest technologies are still expensive but as with any commodity, once they become abundant they will be cheaper. Horse manure used to be called "black gold" until it overflowed the streets before automobiles came along and changed the smell. In the early days, not even Bill Gates foresaw how mighty technology would become. "640k of memory ought to be enough for anybody," he said in 1981 when he introduced an IBM PC with 640 kilobytes of usable random-access memory (RAM). Today the lowest memory option for an iPhone 7 is 32 gigabytes. Robert Metcalfe, a US engineer who co-invented Ethernet technology, predicted in 1995 that "the internet will soon go spectacularly supernova and in 1996 catastrophically collapse". It obviously did not collapse into a white dwarf but instead turned out to be the second Big Bang. All industries have already been disrupted by new technologies such as the IoT, Big Data and digital platforms, while innovative startups can challenge even the giants. Those that fail to heed the obvious warnings risk going the way of Kodak or Nokia, though the latter is attempting a comeback. These days, large corporations seeking to keep up with changing consumer demand while fending off disruptors have two choices: incubate your own innovators or acquire one before it sweeps you aside. Developing countries and small businesses also want to stay relevant in the digital world, and some struggle because of limited resources. But the warning flare has been fired and the gap between digital haves and have-nots is widening, so investing in transformation has become a priority. Part of that transformation involves investing in better cybersecurity, as the recent WannaCry ransomware attack reminded us. In Asia Pacific excluding Japan, the tech consultancy IDC forecasts the value of the security services market will increase by at least 30% this year because of the scarcity and high cost of available data scientists. Asia Pacific is the third largest market for cybersecurity products after the US and Western Europe, with IDC predicting a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.8% from 2016-20. ApacMarket.com expects the region's mobile security market will be worth US$7.5 billion by 2020 with CAGR of 42.9% from 2015-20. The figures underline both the rapid increase in digital adoption and the lack of digital and cybersecurity awareness in the region. It is worrisome indeed that most people still do not understand what Bitcoin is, and many remain unaware of the importance of updating their security systems in the wake of the WannaCry episode. Another point to remember is that everyone can be replaced. Governments should be looking for ways to increase the skills of their workers and support entrepreneurship instead of trying in vain to stave off the rise of robots. Of course, we have been hearing predictions for decades that robots will replace people by such-and-such a year, ever since George Devol created and personally sold Unimate, the first material-handling robot, back in 1961. Those predictions still have not come true. To some extent, however, we are already enjoying the benefits of robotics and automation. People are already being replaced by robots, especially in countries where high labour costs are the Achilles' heel of modern factories. What caught my attention lately were two things. First was the Darpa robotic arm which successfully landed a Boeing 737 simulator. Then there was the Google artificial intelligence (AI) program that beat the Chinese world champion of Go. Even experienced pilots of light aircraft find it hard or next to impossible to land a Boeing jet in simulation, while Go is one of the world's most complex games -- much more challenging for a computer than chess. Even news reporting is under siege from social media, where a scary new beast known as "fake news" also thrives. Luckily, AI does not know how to write creatively -- yet. RECOMMENDED STORIES PM: Budget deficit needed to stimulate economy 100-yen shop operator aims for huge expansion in Thailand SET rises 0.77 to 1,567.35 at midday Thai 'reluctance to invest abroad' said to boost baht Consumer confidence drops for 1st time in 6 months SET opens up 0.98 to 1,567.56 Gold prices down B50 to B20,750 Operators fret over tourist nosedive from Middle East OTT ground rules seen as necessary Most Viewed 37,336 Insurance to be compulsory for ... 27,242 Mo Chit bus station to be moved 26,449 Foreign exchange rules eased, baht ... 24,247 Thailand braced for Qatar ban chaos 18,359 Firms jittery as baht keeps rising Recent BUSINESS Articles SE Asia stocks down as investors brace for key global events SET closes up 3.70 to 1,570.28 Unfinished old hotel on Sukhumvit 27 sold Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 2 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 20:50 Man wanted in Sweden arrested in Thailand 20:26 Nearly 70 dead in al-Shabab attack on Somalia military base 18:53 photoA day in photos 18:32 videoBaby elephant trapped in deep hole rescued 18:15 UK polls open after campaign marred by attacks 17:56 4 NOB officials in alleged temple corruption 17:37 SE Asia stocks down as investors brace for key global events 17:35 Crayfish raisers say 'federation' conned them of B20m 1 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 Bangkok Post Public Company Limited Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
News Sports Business Real Estate 82° Full Menu 82° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX is trying again to launch its first recycled supply ship to the International Space Station. Forecasters at Florida's Kennedy Space Center are cautiously optimistic storms won't halt Saturday afternoon's countdown like they did Thursday. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX is trying again to launch its first recycled supply ship to the International Space Station. Forecasters at Florida's Kennedy Space Center are cautiously optimistic storms won't halt Saturday afternoon's countdown like they did Thursday. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls News June 04, 2017 1:06 AM SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. After a two-day delay caused by thunderstorms, the unmanned Falcon rocket blasted off carrying a Dragon capsule that made a station delivery nearly three years ago. When this refurbished Dragon reaches the orbiting lab on Monday, it will be the first returning craft since NASA's now-retired shuttles. The first-stage booster flown Saturday afternoon was brand new, and as is now the custom, returned to Cape Canaveral following liftoff for a successful vertical touchdown. "The Falcon has landed," SpaceX Mission Control declared from company headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and a cheer went up. The plan is to launch the booster again, instead of junking it in the ocean as so many other rocket makers do. Just two months ago, SpaceX launched its first recycled booster on a satellite mission. Another flight featuring a reused booster is coming up later this month. This Dragon capsule, meanwhile, came back for take two following a few modifications and much testing. Shortly before liftoff, a SpaceX vice president, Hans Koenigsmann, called the Dragon reflight "a pretty big deal." It's all part of the company's quest, he said, to lower the cost of access to space through reusability. "Overall a great day," Koenigsmann later told reporters. "Another wonderful launch," added NASA's Ven Feng, a station manager. SpaceX chief Elon Musk tweeted early Sunday morning: "It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars & airplanes and how it should be for rockets." The Dragon soaring Saturday has the same hull and most of the same parts from its 2014 flight. SpaceX installed a new heat shield and parachutes, among a few other things, for the trip back to Earth at flight's end. The Dragon is the only supply ship capable of surviving re-entry; all the others burn up in the atmosphere. NASA's other supplier, Orbital ATK, will see its cargo carrier depart the 250-mile-high complex on Sunday, six weeks after arriving. Besides the usual supplies, SpaceX's latest 6,000-pound shipment includes mice and flies for research, a new kind of roll-up solar panel and a neutron star detector. For now, SpaceX said savings are minimal because of all the inspections and tests performed on the already flown parts. NASA's space station program manager, Kirk Shireman, told reporters earlier in the week that SpaceX did a thorough job recertifying the Dragon and that the risk is not substantially more than if this were a capsule straight off the factory floor. He said the entire industry is interested in "this whole notion of reuse," first realized with the space shuttles. It was the 100th launch from NASA's hallowed Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center, the departure point for the Apollo moon shots as well as dozens of shuttle missions, including the last one in 2011. SpaceX now leases the pad from NASA; the company's first launch from there was in February. SpaceX has been hauling station supplies for NASA for five years, both up and down. This is the company's 11th mission under a NASA contract. The company's next step is to deliver astronauts using modified Dragons. That could occur as early as next year. Until SpaceX and Boeing start transporting crews, astronauts will continue to ride Russian rockets. On Friday, a Russian and Frenchman returned from the space station in their Soyuz capsule, leaving two Americans and a Russian behind. The station was zooming over Oman in the Persian Gulf when the Falcon took flight. ___ Online: SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/ NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX is trying again to launch its first recycled supply ship to the International Space Station. Forecasters at Florida's Kennedy Space Center are cautiously optimistic storms won't halt Saturday afternoon's countdown like they did Thursday. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying the Dragon spacecraft launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday, June 3, 2017. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls The SpaceX Falcon 9 first stage booster rocket lands shortly after launching the Dragon spacecraft from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. NASA via AP Bill Ingalls 1 of 7 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 minutes ago Would you zipline off the Eiffel Tower? 1:01 10 minutes ago Would you zipline off the Eiffel Tower? 0:56 18 hours ago Davie homeowner attempts to keep his pet emu dry after heavy rains 0:55 12 hours ago Woman stabbed to death by estranged husband View More Video News What else might Comey reveal to Congress about Trump Live broadcast of Comey testimony to Congress Police officer involved in Little Havana car crash Study links pesticide used to fight Zika in Florida to health impacts in Chinese babies Sawgrass Mills mall remains closed Thursday after major flooding News Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home General Store Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newspapers in Education Register Subscribe Manage My Subscription Delivery Status E-Edition Archives News Election Results Sports A & E Calendar Sudoku Crosswords TV Listings Business Obituaries Features Magazines Coupon Bonanza FAQs Photos/Media Photos Videos Contests Quizzes Blogs Classifieds Place an Ad Thrift Sale Map Jobs Submissions Celebrations Death Notice News Tip Letter to the Editor Event Diapers-2-Diplomas Feedback Partners The Country Today Leader Printing Online Leader Marketing Solutions Contact Us News Front Page Local Briefs Daily Updates News Blogs Off Beat State Nation & World Public Notices Sports Preps Sports Daily Updates Local Colleges Sports Blogs Community Sports Eau Claire Express NFL MLB NBA NHL Golf Racing Opinion Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Business Local Business From the Wire - Business A&E Local Entertainment Features Lifestyles At Home Getting Out Food Health Travel Religion On Campus Senior Living Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Wednesday, June 07, 2017 Weather Loading Join our Mailing List Follow the Leader Menu News Sports Obits A&E eEdition Filter Daily Updates SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship Associated Press Published on June 4, 2017 In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying the Dragon spacecraft launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday, June 3, 2017. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls The SpaceX Falcon 9 first stage booster rocket lands shortly after launching the Dragon spacecraft from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, launches from pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla, Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX is trying again to launch its first recycled supply ship to the International Space Station. Forecasters at Florida's Kennedy Space Center are cautiously optimistic storms won't halt Saturday afternoon's countdown like they did Thursday. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls In this photo provided by NASA, the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft onboard, is seen at Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Saturday, June 3, 2017. SpaceX is trying again to launch its first recycled supply ship to the International Space Station. Forecasters at Florida's Kennedy Space Center are cautiously optimistic storms won't halt Saturday afternoon's countdown like they did Thursday. (Bill Ingalls/NASA via AP) Bill Ingalls Share Tweet Share Email Comments CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — SpaceX launched its first recycled cargo ship to the International Space Station on Saturday, yet another milestone in its bid to drive down flight costs. After a two-day delay caused by thunderstorms, the unmanned Falcon rocket blasted off carrying a Dragon capsule that made a station delivery nearly three years ago. When this refurbished Dragon reaches the orbiting lab on Monday, it will be the first returning craft since NASA’s now-retired shuttles. The first-stage booster flown Saturday afternoon was brand new, and as is now the custom, returned to Cape Canaveral following liftoff for a successful vertical touchdown. “The Falcon has landed,” SpaceX Mission Control declared from company headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and a cheer went up. The plan is to launch the booster again, instead of junking it in the ocean as so many other rocket makers do. Just two months ago, SpaceX launched its first recycled booster on a satellite mission. Another flight featuring a reused booster is coming up later this month. This Dragon capsule, meanwhile, came back for take two following a few modifications and much testing. Shortly before liftoff, a SpaceX vice president, Hans Koenigsmann, called the Dragon reflight “a pretty big deal.” It’s all part of the company’s quest, he said, to lower the cost of access to space through reusability. “Overall a great day,” Koenigsmann later told reporters. “Another wonderful launch,” added NASA’s Ven Feng, a station manager. The Dragon soaring Saturday has the same hull and most of the same parts from its 2014 flight. SpaceX installed a new heat shield and parachutes, among a few other things, for the trip back to Earth at flight’s end. The Dragon is the only supply ship capable of surviving re-entry; all the others burn up in the atmosphere. NASA’s other supplier, Orbital ATK, will see its cargo carrier depart the 250-mile-high complex on Sunday, six weeks after arriving. Besides the usual supplies, SpaceX’s latest 6,000-pound shipment includes mice and flies for research, a new kind of roll-up solar panel and a neutron star detector. For now, SpaceX said savings are minimal because of all the inspections and tests performed on the already flown parts. NASA’s space station program manager, Kirk Shireman, told reporters earlier in the week that SpaceX did a thorough job recertifying the Dragon and that the risk is not substantially more than if this were a capsule straight off the factory floor. He said the entire industry is interested in “this whole notion of reuse,” first realized with the space shuttles. It was the 100th launch from NASA’s hallowed Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center, the departure point for the Apollo moon shots as well as dozens of shuttle missions, including the last one in 2011. SpaceX now leases the pad from NASA; the company’s first launch from there was in February. SpaceX has been hauling station supplies for NASA for five years, both up and down. This is the company’s 11th mission under a NASA contract. The company’s next step is to deliver astronauts using modified Dragons. That could occur as early as next year. Until SpaceX and Boeing start transporting crews, astronauts will continue to ride Russian rockets. On Friday, a Russian and Frenchman returned from the space station in their Soyuz capsule, leaving two Americans and a Russian behind. The station was zooming over Oman in the Persian Gulf when the Falcon took flight. Tagged: Florida, United States, North America, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, United States government Click to comment Close comments Related Alleged leaker's parents fear Trump will be tough on case Woman accused of leak made pro-environment, anti-Trump posts Accused leaker had shared harsh opinions on Trump Army offers up to $90K to re-enlist Front Page Pi­lot takes first solo flight in two-seat air­craft she built with her dad Front Page Life Story: Perkins manager worked hard,cared deeply for family, others Front Page Another sculpture repair job required Front Page Menomonie arts nonprofit marks 25th anniversary with Saturday open house © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. To Top Applying filter…
