e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register February 11th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News U of L links with Composites Research Network Poll Do you think a new management model is needed for the Lethbridge Airport? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Mabell, Dave on February 11, 2017. Dave Mabell Lethbridge Herald dmabell@lethbridgeherald.com “Composites are the future.” So many objects – from Lamborghinis to bicycles – will be made out of composite materials, predicts physicist David Naylor. So, the longtime University of Lethbridge professor is excited about a new link between the university and the Composites Research Network – alongside major institutions like McGill, UBC and the University of Alberta. “This is a major step forward for the university, putting our research into the hands of industry partners, and creating multiple new opportunities,” says Naylor, the university’s Board of Governors Research Chair for the Department of Physics and Astronomy. “Being a part of this network will connect us to industry heavyweights like Boeing and Convergent Manufacturing Technologies.” Composites, he points out, are materials made from two or more different materials, which together offer different characteristics than their original components. “Composites are stronger than steel, lightweight, have virtually no conductivity – and for what we do in space, they are the perfect answer.” Boeing’s new 787 “Dreamliner” aircraft contains about 50 per cent composites, he points out. Boeing also operates a space satellite division, he explains, and the U of L could help its designers test new space probes and instruments. “We’re now partnered with Boeing in exploring this new realm of composite materials,” Naylor reports. One of the university’s advantages, he says, is its cryogenic test facility – considered the best in Canada. It can determine how materials will stand up to extreme cold. “We’re the only group that can do this kind of testing,” Naylor says. “We can test material properties at extremely low temperatures, down to 0.3 degrees Kelvin.” That’s colder than the coldest part of the universe, he explains. “You wouldn’t think that cryogenics would be at a small university such s ours, but we are anomalous and we bring a unique skill set.” Naylor also heads the university’s Astronomical Instrumentation Group, which worked as part of the Herschel-SPIRE Consortium and earned him an award from the Royal Astronomical Society. More recently, the U of L instrumentation group was awarded $500,000 by the Canadian Space Agency to train promising young astronomers and engineers – contributing to Canada’s ability to play leading roles in future space astronomy missions. Follow @DMabellHerald on Twitter 000000 You have 7 free stories left to read this month. Subscribe Now & get unlimited access 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Boeing Co Stock (BA) Takes Flight After Earnings Boost An undervalued defense contractor may still have room to run for investors By , Street Authority  |  Feb 7, 2017, 9:34 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Why I’m Raising My Price Target On Microsoft Corporation Stock (MSFT) CSX Corporation a Surprisingly Profitable Stock In A Dinosaur Industry (CSX) Why I Just Sold My Best-Performing Stock (MB) Recent Posts: How Border Wall Worries Set Constellation Brands, Inc. Up for Success (STZ) Why I’m Raising My Price Target On Microsoft Corporation Stock (MSFT) CSX Corporation a Surprisingly Profitable Stock In A Dinosaur Industry (CSX) View All Posts The new year is turning out to be just as I predicted for jet-maker and defense specialist Boeing Co (BA). Fresh on the heels of better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings results, shares of the Dow component have posted year-to-date gains of 3.59%. Within the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Boeing trails only Walt Disney Co (DIS) and Visa Inc (V) in 2017 performance. New Orders, New Growth Prospects Boeing stock, currently trading at around $163, reached a new 52-week high of $170 on January 26. This marks a 10% rise since we last recommended the stock on December 15. And it would be a mistake to lock in these gains now, especially as the Chicago-based company continues to secure long-term contracts with various local and international government agencies. Most recently, Boeing announced a win on a $2.1 billion contract to build 15 more KC-46A refueling aircrafts. The recent order for 15 planes follows a $2.8 billion deal in August for 19 planes, which now puts Boeing’s KC-46A orders at 34. But wait, there’s more. Earlier this month, the company won a $22 billion deal from SpiceJet Ltd., an India-based, low-cost airliner looking to expand its domestic and international operations. India’s fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 13%, SpiceJet operates more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. In an effort to grow its market share, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 next-generation planes from Boeing, marking Boeing’s largest ever order commitment from an Indian airline. 10 Stocks to Buy for Donald Trump’s Second Wind Why is that a big deal? Boeing expects India will need almost 2,000 new aircraft worth $265 billion over the next 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up the bulk of new deliveries. And with various India-based airlines announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week, Boeing’s revenue in India is poised to take off. Where Things Stand Last week, the world’s biggest plane maker reported fourth quarter fiscal 2016 earnings results that beat Wall Street estimates on both the top and bottom lines. In the three months ending in December, Boeing posted a net income of $1.63 billion, or $2.59 per share, compared to $1.03 billion, or $1.51 per share, in the same period a year ago. On an adjusted basis, when taking out one-time gains and costs, earnings were $2.47 per share, which easily beat the average analyst estimate by 12 cents. While fourth-quarter revenue of $23.29 billion declined 1.2%, down from $23.57 billion a year ago, it still exceeded the consensus forecast of $23.19 billion. During the quarter, not only did the company benefit from higher-than-expected deliveries, Boeing also booked 288 more commercial airplanes net orders during, which puts its already-strong backlog at more than 5,700 airplanes with a total value of $416 billion. Accordingly, Boeing — as evidenced by its guidance — sees no signs of slowing business. “We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year, achieved healthy sales in our defense, space and services segments, and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant returns to shareholders,” CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. Looking ahead, Boeing expects 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, to be in the range of $9.10 to $9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. The company is also targeting a range of 760 to 765 commercial plane deliveries in 2017, which — on the high end — would mark a 2.2% rise from the 748 deliveries in 2016. Operating cash flow, meanwhile, is expected to reach $10.75 billion in 2017 compared to $10.50 billion in 2016, marking a 2.4% increase. And here’s the thing: Those estimates are likely too conservative given that the guidance was issued prior to last Friday’s contract announcement for the KC-46As. Boeing had resorted to cost cutting in recent quarters to offset declining revenue, but can now ramp up production and make investments. The company can also boost its buyback program and quarter dividends — which are already strong. For fiscal 2016, the company bought back 55.1 million shares, spending $7.0 billion. So where is BA stock headed? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/boeing-stock-takes-flight-after-earnings-boost/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital International Investors reduced its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 5.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,954,202 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 270,137 shares during the period. Capital International Investors owned approximately 0.80% of Boeing Company (The) worth $652,667,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bangor Savings Bank raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 2,221 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. now owns 2,034 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $268,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. 74.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.19% during trading on Friday, hitting $166.23. 2,689,719 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $160.90 and its 200 day moving average is $144.30. The company has a market capitalization of $102.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.84 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a one year low of $109.00 and a one year high of $170.00. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.42%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/capital-international-investors-decreases-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on BA. Vetr raised Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Boeing Company (The) from $150.00 to $175.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Vertical Research assumed coverage on Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Societe Generale set a $148.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reissued a “sell” rating and issued a $136.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $152.63. In other Boeing Company (The) news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Waiting Lists Six Nations 2017 US travel ban Trump presidency Brexit Whistleblower Home»Business Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Saturday, February 11, 2017 Geoff Percival Ryanair has resurrected the idea of operating its own long-haul flights at some point, despite having seemingly killed off the notion two years ago. Speaking to Bloomberg at an event in Brussels, Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary was yesterday quoted as saying that the company has not completely given up on offering its own transatlantic flights. However, he noted the plan is low on the list of priorities, partly due to Boeing and Airbus being booked up on orders for relevant-sized planes out to the early 2020s. “When Boeing and Airbus have 80 or 100 spare slots for long-haul aircraft that they desperately want to shift at a low cost, we’ll jump on it,” he said. “But we’re not going to kill ourselves at the moment when their order books are full out to 2020-2021.” Ryanair has been heavily linked with a long-haul service for years, but seemed finally to end all such talk at its September 2015 AGM when chairman David Bonderman said: “We have no intention in flying trans- atlantic.” Meanwhile, Mr O’Leary told Bloomberg that Ryanair’s more immediate plans to connect with long-haul carriers should help clear away more competition for the Irish carrier on its European routes. Last month, Mr O’Leary said Ryanair is relatively close to signing a feeder flight/connectivity deal with a transatlantic carrier whereby passengers can use Ryanair to link with long haul connections and have their baggage seamlessly moved between the two planes. Ryanair has been talking to Aer Lingus owner IAG, Norwegian Air, Alitalia and Lufthansa about a connectivity deal and could have one in place by the summer. “The upside for us is in persuading the legacy carriers to stop trying to compete with us on short-haul because it feeds their long-haul,” he said. “Work with us on short-haul, you lose less money, I’ll have less competition. “There’s nothing but upside for the legacy carriers in this, except you’ve got to persuade them it’s not some scam.” Meanwhile, new data from global trade body the International Air Transport Association shows that premium air fares continue to hold up better than economy fares, which is helping to support airline financial performance. The association said the fourth quarter of 2016 saw a “solid” performance for the airline industry. However, it said global airline share prices only increased by 1.5% in January, underperforming the broader global equity market, which rose by 2.6%. Easyjet recently warned that a weak sterling would eat into its profits this year while Ryanair earlier this week maintained forecasts for its current financial year but said it missed earnings targets for its third quarter. Last Monday, Ryanair reported revenues of €1.34bn for the three months to the end of December. While these were up by 1% year-on-year, net profits for the quarter fell by 8% to €95m, driven down by average fares falling by 17%. Analysts had expected revenues of €1.36bn and profits of closer to €100m. Ryanair’s financial year runs to the end of March and management has kept to its full-year net profit guidance of between €1.3bn and €1.35bn, although it said it remains cautious on its outlook. The company’s shares were down over 2.2% yesterday. Additional reporting by Bloomberg READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS ryanair, long-haul, michael oleary © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Liffey Valley events centre denied planning permission EU farmers back IFA fertiliser protest UK growth still expected to soften despite latest boost Greece begins fresh talks for rescue plan Breaking Stories British Airways cabin crew to stage new four-day strike in dispute over pay Lifestyle Ask Audrey: My two-year-old wants to write a Valentine Card to his cousin back in Dingle The stresses of moving house with kids Why Ang Lee is unhappy with the reaction to Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk Walsh sisters bring sibling revelry to the stage More From The Irish Examiner Stressful week? Calm yourself with these pictures from the Nagasaki Lantern Festival Never be in the Valentine's bad books again with this tasty bacon bouquet This T-Rex attempting to clear snow proves why you should never go outside in a blizzard Postcard delivered to West Cork from Thailand against the odds This guy risked his £1,149 laptop by putting it in a laser cutter and the results will surprise you Happy ending for Cork Airport teddy bear who missed his flight home Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Valve working on 3 new VR games Paramount pulls Friday the 13th and World War Z 2 New iPhone models to feature wireless charging Lotto Results Wednesday, February 08, 2017 2 6 9 31 41 47 43 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Maurice McCabe: False sex abuse claim by Tusla destroyed my family Valerie Mulcahy: Girls should never have to choose between fitness and fitting in EXCLUSIVE: False sex allegation against McCabe circulated by Tusla following “clerical error” Dublin work syndicate claim €88.5m EuroMillions jackpot win Maurice McCabe: A host of serious questions demand to be answered Kerry garda was watching drivers for phone use Noelle Feeney obituary: ‘She had the honour of being known by one name — like many talented footballers from Brazil’ UCC warns students of legal repercussions ahead of Rag Week Maurice McCabe: Your guide to the story so far Two years jail for Cork boxer for assaults and thefts NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Liffey Valley events centre denied planning permission SPORT Sadly, the time to abolish replays has arrived Even pulling in muck and dirt, it’s great to be back LIFESTYLE Product watch: Emma Stone’s Rose-mantic SAG Awards look Celebrity chefs dish up their most romantic recipes for Valentine's Day     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions Who will protect Americans from their protectors? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President Trump signs an executive order withdrawing the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Ron Sachs/Bloomberg) By George F. Will By George F. Will Opinion writer February 10 at 8:01 PM Follow @georgewill At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government’s deft interventions in economic life. Today, a Republican administration promises that wisely wielded Washington power can rearrange commercial activities in ways superior to those produced by private-sector calculations in free market transactions. According to the Financial Times, which interviewed him, Peter Navarro, head of the president’s National Trade Council, indicated an administration priority is “unwinding and repatriating the international supply chains on which many U.S. multinational companies rely.” This will make life interesting for, among many others, America’s third and 24th largest corporations, Apple and Boeing, respectively. The tiny print on the back of iPhones accurately says it is “assembled,” not manufactured, in China. The American Enterprise Institute’s James Pethokoukis notes that parts come from South Korea, Japan, Italy, Taiwan, Germany and the United States. Components of Boeing airliners’ wings come from Japan, South Korea and Australia; horizontal stabilizers and center fuselages from Italy; cargo access doors from Sweden; passenger entry doors from France; landing-gear doors from Canada; engines and landing gear from Britain. Navarro’s “unwinding and repatriating” is, to say no more, part of an improbable project: making America greater by making Apple, Boeing and many other corporations much less efficient and less competitive. This will further slow economic growth, making even more unattainable the 4 percent (more than double the economy’s average growth this century) or higher growth that the administration says will enable it to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure (including a $15 billion or so wall on the Mexican border, begun after nearly a decade of net negative immigration from Mexico), while substantially increasing military spending, leaving entitlements unreformed and delivering enormous tax cuts. Cuts that, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (whose co-chairs include Republican Mitch Daniels and Democrat Leon Panetta, both former directors of the Office of Management and Budget ), will reduce revenues by $5.8 trillion over 10 years. This, as the Congressional Budget Office projects that even without any of the administration’s proposed spending spree and tax cuts, under current law the national debt would increase by $9.4 trillion. Speaking of supply chains: In her book “The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy,” Georgetown University’s Pietra Rivoli recounts a conversation with a man from Shanghai who said that if she would come to China he would help her see various places involved in producing the inexpensive T-shirts exported to the United States. She would see where the yarn is spun, the fabric is knit and the shirts are sewn. Asked if she could see where the cotton is grown, the man from China said he could not show her that because the cotton probably is grown in “Teksa.” Rivoli spun a globe around to China and asked him to point to Teksa. “He took the globe and spun it back around the other way,” Rivoli writes. “ ‘Here, I think it is grown here.’ I followed his finger. Patrick was pointing at Texas.” Today’s Republican administration promises protection against the destruction of American jobs by the Chinese, Mexicans and other foreigners. The really prolific destroyers are: Americans. As Reason’s John Tamny says, Americans streaming movies from Netflix (based in Los Gatos, Calif.) erase American jobs in movie theaters and DVD rental stores. Americans buying books from Seattle-based Amazon have caused many American bookstores to do what Borders (399 stores, 11,000 employees) did: disappear. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, founder and chief executive of Amazon, owns The Post.) Americans using San Francisco-based Uber are destroying many taxi drivers’ jobs. Evidently our protectors in the administration must believe this: The destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of some American companies rather than those of other American companies is benign. But the destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of foreign companies is intolerable. An administration confident about conducting interventions in the economy should demonstrate care when bandying numbers. But in defending the sensible idea of reducing government regulation of the financial sector, Gary Cohn, director of the president’s National Economic Council, said this would save “literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year.” Former treasury secretary Lawrence Summers notes the implausibility: “Total bank profits last year were about $170 billion.” Deregulation will more than double profits? As today’s Republicans celebrate a protectionist administration that is confident that Washington’s superior wisdom can improve upon the market’s allocation of economic resources, Democrats must resent Republican plagiarism. Who will protect Americans from their protectors? Read more from George F. Will’s archive or follow him on Facebook. Read more on this topic: Robert B. Zoellick: If Trump really knows the art of the deal, he’ll embrace free trade The Post’s View: Trump is starting a trade war we don’t need Robert J. Samuelson: Trump’s senseless war on Mexico The Post’s View: Closing doors on trade isn’t smart negotiating Ed Hess: Coming technology will likely destroy millions of jobs. Is Trump ready? opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email George F. Will writes a twice-weekly column on politics and domestic and foreign affairs. He began his column with The Post in 1974, and he received the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1977. Follow @georgewill 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Why does the United States still let 12-year-olds get married? 2 Opinion Six stunning aspects of the Flynn scandal 3 White House goes authoritarian on CNN scoop about Russia dossier 4 Opinion A blueprint for resistance to Trump has emerged. Here’s what it looks like. 5 Millions have protested Trump. Here’s what they plan to do next. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor How to Get an 86% Gain – Starting Monday Back during my newspaper days, I was what my editors liked to refer to as “a digger.” It was a descriptor that they hung around me with respect. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon Message: URL: http://mney.co/2koKrDv  +  4  =  13 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon Message: URL: http://mney.co/2koKrDv 4  ×   =  24 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon By Casey Wilson, Associate Editor, Money Morning • February 7, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 8  ×   =  sixteen Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has a proven track record of bouncing back from scandals – and making a whole lot of money for investors. Take the company's "Dreamliner" battery episode, for example… In 2013 – the Boeing 787 Dreamliner's first year on the market – at least four planes suffered from electrical system problems stemming from the aircrafts' lithium-ion batteries. Investors were spooked. They dumped Boeing stock so fast the rapid sell-off knocked $6 billion off Boeing's market value in just one day. That's when Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon did the unthinkable: He told his readers to buy more Boeing. Those who listened to him have made 127% off that call. And those who followed Bill's initial recommendation to buy Boeing shares in September 2011 have enjoyed gains of 177%. Now, Bill is recommending Boeing stock again. President Trump's Twitter account, travel bans, labor concerns, and competition are all causing fair-weather investors to flee from the American icon. But Bill – our champion stock picker who has delivered 217 double- and triple-peak gain winners – sees great profit potential in Boeing's future. Check out the video below, where Bill lays out his long-term view for Boeing stock and shows you how to start profiting from Boeing right now. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Boeing stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website nine  −   =  seven Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT How to Get an 86% Gain – Starting Monday Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. William Patalon III (this article) Best Investments Alerts (this article) Trading Strategy Alerts (this article) Tech Watch (this article) Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesA Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading StrategiesThe Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading StrategiesHow the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back TechnologyThis Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech TechnologyWhy "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get TechnologyTrump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Investing IdeasTrump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing IdeasMaking Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes OilWhat Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You OilWhy Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up OilParis Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News February 10, 2017 By Michael E. Lewitt Leave a Comment A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar February 10, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment This Silver News Won't Prevent a Bull Run in 2017 February 10, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Dow Hits Another Record High on President Trump's Tax Proposal Trending Posts 9810 Reads 302 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Feb. 6) We have three of the top marijuana stocks to watch this week (Feb. 6). Here's everything you need to know about these three cannabis stocks... 4704 Reads 66 Likes Gold Price Forecast: 6 Catalysts Set to Trigger Seismic Gains The gold price forecast for the next few years is for an all-time high, thanks to six catalysts. Here's a look at each and how it will push gold prices higher. Today's Markets DJIA 96.97 (0.48%) 20,269.37 NASDAQ 18.95 (0.33%) 5,734.13 S&P 8.23 (0.36%) 2,316.10 BA 1.95 (1.19%) 166.23 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Breaking News Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Sat 11 Feb 2017 - 14 Jumada I 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Boeing wins $13.8 bn Singapore Airlines order Boeing wins $13.8 bn Singapore Airlines order Friday 10th, February 2017 / 19:35 Written by Oman Observer in Business SINGAPORE/PARIS: Singapore Airlines announced a $13.8 billion (£11 billion) order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, a setback for the US planemaker’s rival Airbus Group in the fight for long-term orders. In a statement, SIA said it agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional growth and for fleet modernisation through the next decade. “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” said CEO Goh Choon Phong. Airlines typically get discounts on list prices when placing large orders. SIA said this would be the airline’s first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Hyundai Heavy swings back to black Reckitt gulps US baby food firm Mead Johnson → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent WhatsApp Oman’s top app but women swear by Instagram New blow to Trump’s travel ban Iranians march against Trump ‘threats’ on revolution day Remove Iraq from travel ban list, PM tells US president Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoOman's only newspaper with weekend edition at at /t.co/2XHyOo4S0t /t.co/wzBXwYYHZB 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Norway's #DNO announces a “stepped up drilling campaign” targeting Oman's only offshore producing fields in Block 8. /… 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Global oil output plunged in January as Opec and non-Opec producers curbed supply to help rebalance markets: IEA /t.co… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz The U.S. Army Has a Terrifying Idea to Turn Its Apache Helicopters Into a Super Weapon Kris Osborn February 10, 2017 TweetShareShare The Army is expanding and accelerating Manned-Unmanned Teaming Has Allowed Apaches to Locate, Attack and Destroy Taliban Targets at Further Ranges. Army weapons developers are expanding and accelerating emerging technology for the Apache attack helicopter which enables crews to view real-time video feeds from nearby drones, control the drones’ flight path and therefore more effectively destroy enemy targets, service officials said. Manned-Unmanned Teaming, or MUM-T, gives AH-64E Apaches an ability to control the flight path and sensor payload of Army Shadow and Gray Eagle drones. As part of the continuation of the Army’s development of this technology, Boeing was awarded a $24 million contract for manned and unmanned teaming expanded compatibility on all Apache attack helicopter AH-64E configurations, a DoD announcement said.  Army officials say the combination of the Apache’s lethal weapons and the drones’ sensors enable helicopter crews to find and go after dynamic or fast-moving targets from further ranges. Manned-Unmanned Teaming was recently used with great success in Afghanistan by the 1-229th Attack Reconnaissance Battalion, Army officials said. In addition, Apache helicopters are providing air support to Iraqi Security Forces advancing on Mosul.  For instance, looking at real-time Electro-Optical/Infra-red images from drone cameras in the Apache cockpit gives crews an increased ability to, for instance, more effectively destroy groups of enemy fighters on the move in pick-up trucks or attack insurgents hiding near a known U.S. Army convoy route planning to launch an ambush. Manned-Unmanned Teaming was recently used with great success in Afghanistan by the 1-229th Attack Reconnaissance Battalion, Army officials said. “Now before the unit even deploys out of the Forward Arming Refueling Point, or FARP, they can actually bring up the UAS (drone) feed, look through the sensors and see the target they are going to attack up to 50 or 60 miles away,” Apache Program Manager Col. Jeff Hager told Scout Warrior in an interview last year.  Hager also explained that maintaining drone sensors on targets which can move and change gives the Apache crew an opportunity to make adjustments while en-route to a target location.   “They have full situational awareness on that target as they fly inbound and do not lose any data on that target on the way,” Hager added. “They don’t go into a situation where they are surprised.” Apache pilots in Afghanistan are now flying upgraded AH-64E-model helicopters which give the platform increased speed and performance.  In development for many years and now part of the operational force, the AH-64E models use a stronger 701D helicopter engine, composite rotor blades and next-generation communications technology and avionics. “The additional power and capability that the aircraft brings actually changes the face of the battlefield. Now they can close, maintain and assume contact activities with the enemy at a much faster rate. The enemy could time the amount of time it was going to take the Delta (“D” model Apache) models to get to them. We completely threw that out the window and they (the “E” model Apache crews) can get there much faster,” Hager explained. The ‘E” model is able to transport a larger amount of ammunition and fuel in what is described as “high-hot” conditions at altitudes of 6,000 feet and temperatures of 95-degrees or above.  The innovations built into the “E” model give the helicopter all of the technological advantages of its predecessor “D” model – yet at a lighter weight making it more maneuverable and effective. The AH-64E Apache is also 20 knots faster than the previous model and can reach speeds of 164 knots. The current “D” model Longbow Apache is heavier than the original “A” model helicopter; it carries the Longbow radar and significantly improved targeting and sensing technologies, however it lacks the transmission-to-power ratio and hard-landing ability of the initial “A” model. The AH-64E is engineered such that an advanced, high-tech aircraft the weight of the previous “D” model can have the power, performance and landing abilities of an original “A” model with a much lighter weight.  “One of the biggest values of the aircraft (“E” model) itself is the increased performance that we put back into the airframes, specifically from the composite rotor blades. We increased the power of the engines and improved the transmission. That gives the aircraft and Alpha (“A”-model”)-like performance that we have not seen in years,” Hager explained. “The aircraft is faster and more lethal.” In total, the Army plans to acquire 690 AH-64Es by 2025. The helicopters can carry 16 Hellfire missiles, 70 2.75mm rockets and 1,200 30mm chain gun rounds, service officials said. “We are getting super feedback from what they were doing over in combat. MUM-T has really changed the state of the battlefield,” Hager added. The AH-64E is highly mobile, lethal and can destroy armor, personnel and material targets in an obscured battlefield conditions at ranges out to 8-kilometers, an Army statement said. The “E” model also keep the millimeter wave fire control, radar frequency interferometer and targeting sensors engineered into previous Apache version, the statement continued. The AH-64E, which is manufactured by Boeing, was also praised by Boeing officials who report hearing favorable feedback from Army pilots who flew the helicopter in combat. “Its performance in 'high-hot' conditions made it able to go from point to point to the target where it was going, as opposed to having to go longer and down into a valley or up into a higher peak” Kim Smith, Vice President of Attack Helicopters, Boeing, said last year.  Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn Don't Take the Oil: Time to Ditch the Carter Doctrine Middle Eastern oil is no longer a vital national interest. Daniel L. Davis Can Trump Find an Israel-Palestine Solution? A pro-Israel reputation could let him create unexpected pressure on Netanyahu. Leon Hadar The Media's Self-Defeating Outrage over Trump and Russia A comparison is not the same thing as an equivalence. Daniel McCarthy Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular The Simple Reason Why America's F-22 Stealth 'Raptor' Would Crush Russia's PAK-FA in a Fight Stealth, Super Bombs and Lasers: All of the Reason Iran Should Fear America's Military Why the Age of the Aircraft Carrier (At Almost 100 Years Old) Is Nowhere Near Over Why No One Wants to Mess With Israel’s Air Force The U.S. Navy Needs a New Fighter (And Russia and China Are to Blame) China Really Hates THAAD (But So Does Russia) Report: U.S. Navy Needs More Nuclear Attack Submarines and Smaller Aircraft Carriers Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Apple Dominate DJIA on Tuesday By Paul Ausick February 7, 2017 4:02 pm EST Print Email Tweet February 7, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday and dipped very near the red zone before bouncing back up. The energy sector is the day’s big loser while consumer staples and technology kept the major indexes in the green. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $52.17 a barrel, down about 1.6% on the day. April gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,236.10. Equities were headed for a higher close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.01% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.16%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.16%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Tuesday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.37% at $166.22. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $170.00. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The aerospace giant had no specific news. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) traded up 1.36% at $178.25. The stock’s 52-week range is $116.90 to $179.25. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company had no specific news. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 0.93% at $131.51. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $132.09, a new 52-week high set Tuesday. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 31.6 million shares. The company had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 0.84% at $66.96. The stock’s 52-week range is $62.35 to $75.19. Volume was about half the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 13 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 17 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Sabre Earnings Might Not Be As Bad As First Thought Teva, Kors Stagger into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaHockey LeagueNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Amazon Warns That Trade Protectionism Could Hurt Business Bitcoin Trading Takes a Hit Under Chinese Government's Scrutiny You May Spot a Green Comet Pass by Earth in Few Days New Horizons Spacecraft Healthy After Hiccup, Says NASA News18 » Tech 2-min read Amazon Warns That Trade Protectionism Could Hurt Business Reuters First published: February 11, 2017, 11:38 AM IST | Updated: 3 hours ago Amazon has announced plans to add 100,000 US jobs over the next 18 months, to bring its American workforce to over 280,000. (Photo: Reuters) Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) warned that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world's largest online retailer said "trade and protectionist measures" might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon's warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from U.S. corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the U.S. House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co (BA.N) have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers' border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, "Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business." The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about $2,400 for an entity controlled or owned by Iran's government, for example. "We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future," Amazon said. "Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act)." amazon consumer products online shopping Recommended For You Former Pakistan Players Slam PCB After Suspension Of Sharjeel Khan, Khalid Latif New 2017 Hyundai Grand i10 Review: It's Not Going to Be Easy for Ignis News18 Movie Awards 2017: Nominees For Best Actress Tamma Tamma: Get Ready to Groove With Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt Virat Kohli & Wriddhiman Saha: The New Masters of DRS About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Jolly LLB 2 Box Office Collection: Akshay Kumar Starrer Mints Rs 13 Crore on Day 1 K Pandiarajan: Minister Who Jumped Ship to Rattle Chinnamma's Camp Ghost Villages of Uttarakhand Where Netas no Longer Reach Ritz Paris, Andrew Fairlie Crowned 'Grandes Tables du Monde' For 2017 Tamil Nadu Education Minister Pandiarajan Joins Panneerselvam Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Elon Musk’s SpaceX to hit fastest rocket launch pace with new Florida site Elon Musk’s SpaceX to hit fastest rocket launch pace with new Florida site SpaceX, plans to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks, once a new launch pad is put into service in Florida next week. By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Updated: February 11, 2017 11:32 am SpaceX is also modifying the rocket’s engines to increase performance and resolve potential safety concerns. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Space Exploration Technologies Corp, better known as SpaceX, plans to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks, its fastest rate since starting launches in 2010, once a new launch pad is put into service in Florida next week, the company’s president told Reuters on Monday. The ambitious plan comes only five months after a SpaceX rocket burst into flames on the launch pad at the company’s original launch site in Florida. SpaceX, controlled by billionaire Elon Musk, has only launched one rocket since then, in mid-January. Watch all our videos from Express Technology “We should be launching every two to three weeks,” SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell told Reuters in an interview on Monday. SpaceX was approaching that pace last autumn, before the Sept. 1 accident, which happened during a routine preflight test. The explosion destroyed a $200 million Israeli satellite and heavily damaged the launch pad. Shotwell said repairs to the launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which are still underway, should cost “far less than half” of a new launch pad, which she said runs about $100 million. The new launch pad is at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center, just north of the Cape Canaveral site. SpaceX is also modifying the rocket’s engines to increase performance and resolve potential safety concerns, said Shotwell. The company plans to change the design of the Falcon 9’s turbopump – which provides propellants to the rocket’s engines – to eliminate cracks that have prompted concern from NASA and the U.S. Air Force. NASA has hired SpaceX to taxi astronauts to and from the International Space Station starting in late 2018. Shotwell said the new turbopumps will be installed before the first unmanned test flights of the commercial space taxi, scheduled for November. Also Read: SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida SpaceX is one of two companies certified to fly military and national security satellites for the Air Force, the other being United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp. “For us, the concern was not the cracks, but do they grow over time? Would these cracks cause a flight failure?” Shotwell said. “I think NASA is used to engines that aren’t quite as robust, so they just don’t want any cracks at all in the turbo machinery.” NASA has hired SpaceX to taxi astronauts to and from the International Space Station starting in late 2018. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) SpaceX discovered two types of cracks during ground tests of its Merlin engines in 2015, Shotwell said. The cracks were not related to the Sept. 1 launch pad explosion. To fix the more serious cracking issue, the company devised a software fix and then redesigned the turbine wheel, Shotwell said. The first of the redesigned turbine wheels flew in July 2016. A second set of cracks in welds and shrouds are not a concern for flight, but NASA and the Air Force have asked for a redesign, Shotwell said. SpaceX has a backlog of more than 70 missions, worth more than $10 billion. It has successfully flown 27 out of 29 times since the Falcon 9’s debut in 2010. The company flew eight missions in 2016 before the launch pad accident in September grounded the fleet. The rocket returned to flight last month, flying from a second launch site in California, which is only used for satellites heading into polar or high inclination orbits. A fourth launch site in Texas is under construction. Tags: Elon Musk SpaceX Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News JCC to intensify bandh in Nagaland Uttarakhand Elections 2017: Harish Rawat cries foul over helicopter search President Trump, can’t spell? Let India do it for you! UP polls 2017: Agra sees enthusiastic voting Ahmedabad: 29 NID students held after liquor party raid                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Subscribe Careers with Us Newsletters Advertise with Us Terms of Use Archives Digital edition FAQ Submissions Greenwich principal writes to parents after politics invade the Neighborhood Notes: news from around Greenwich’s neighborhoods The Dish: Super(bowl) broadcast features Dell’Abate Kockenmeister scores 26, as Greenwich girls basketball team beats News Regional National World Politics Were you SEEN? Opinion Science and Technology Election Norma Bartol: Remembrance of winters that WERE winters From the archive: Sept. 25, 1989 The Dish: Hideki Matsui checks out the Chocolate Expo Atkinson playing in NHL All-Star game Sports Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Other High School UConn Kockenmeister scores 26, as Greenwich girls basketball team beats Greenwich Academy coasts past Millbrook for 13th straight win Westhill upends Greenwich Greenwich wrestlers rally past Westhill Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Fairfield County giving group helps nonprofits ‘dream big’ Sotheby’s leader casts Connecticut as prime investment for Greenwich considers branding and PR budget Greenwich builder named best in Fairfield County Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Pequot Library winter sale beckons book-lovers Oscar Week at Fairfield Theatre Co. attracts movie buffs Mr. Fish defies the laws of gravity at Palace Stamford Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Celebrations Celebrate Summer Connecticut artists unite with public to create art with meaning ‘Love hunter’ has her sights set on romantic success ‘Jackie’ turns off Avon audience ‘Magnus’ gives an inside view on the chess world Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.greenwichtime.com/local/article/Things-to-do-in-and-around-Greenwich-10924715.php Things to do in and around Greenwich Published 12:00 am, Saturday, February 11, 2017 For the latest events and activities happening in Greenwich, turn to For the record. To have your event included, submit a description, date, time, price and contact information. Photos are welcome. Drop us an email about your latest goings-on at gtcitydesk@scni.com or call 1-800-733-2767. Income tax help Free income-tax preparation assistance is available from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesday and Thursdays at Town Hall in the third-floor Hayton Room through April 18, and Saturdays at the Greenwich Main Library from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. No appointments are required at the Greenwich Library but for the Town Hall, taxpayers are encouraged to make appointments by emailing greenwichtaxaid@gmail.com or stopping in the Hayton Room in Town Hall during our hours of operation. Those with appointments will be taken first, in the order of arrival. Bring photo ID, Social Security cards for themselves, their spouses and any dependents, birth dates and a blank check for their bank account for direct deposit in case a refund is due. Also wage and earning statements from employers -- W-2’s, 1099-R’s and 1099-Misc; all health insurance statements and Affordable Health Care statements -- Form 1095-A; interest and dividend statements from banks -- Form 1099’s; and a copy of their federal and state tax returns from last year. Both people must sign the return if they’re a couple filing jointly. Sex and the Sea The Bruce Museum’s Seaside Center will celebrate “Sex in the Sea” at 2 p.m. Sunday featuring marine scientist, researcher and storyteller Marah J. Hardt and her book by the same name. Books will be available for purchase and signing after the lecture.The talk is part of the Bruce Museum’s Fred Elser Sunday Science Series and will include marine-themed Valentine activities for all ages from 1:30 to 4:00 p.m. Admission is free. No reservations required. Cycle for Survival Cycle for Survival, the annual indoor cycling event to raise money to cure and treat rare cancers, will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday at Equinox Greenwich, 16 Old Track Road. Contact Kamali Burke at kburke@fenton.com or 212-897-2070. Abortion rights advocates A Greenwich “Call to Action,” meeting featuring Planned Parenthood and NARAL will be held from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Monday at Greenwich Town Hall, 101 Field Point Road. Discussion will include rallying against possible state legislative proposals requiring parental notification before abortions and a mandatory ultrasound. Attendees will be invited to take part in a phone bank session using their cell phones to contact elected officials. RSVP at GreenwichCallToAction@gmail.com to help estimate audience size and adequate supplies. Stroke prevention A Heart Health Education lecture on stroke prevention is set for 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesday at Greenwich Hospital’s Noble Conference Center, 5 Perryridge Road, Greenwich. To register, call 888-305-9253 or visit www.greenwichhospital.org/events. Seeds, potting programs The Garden Education Center, 130 Bible St., Cos Cob, is offering Diamonds, Diamonds, Diamonds at 11 a.m. Tuesday at Betteridge Jewelers, 239 Greenwich Ave. Cost: $40 members, $50 nonmembers. A house plant repotting workshop is set for 10 a.m.. to noon Feb. 27. Cost is $15. Registration required for all programs, call 203-869-9242. Revolution in Ecuador, Bolivia Jeffery M. Paige, an author and emeritus professor at the University of Michigan, will speak about the “Indigenous Revolution in Ecuador and Bolivia: 1990-2005” at the Wednesday meeting of the Retired Men’s Association of Greenwich at First Presbyterian Church, Lafayette Place. Doors open at 10:40 a.m., lecture begins at 11 a.m. Open to the public. For more information, visit www.greenwichrma.org or contact info@greenwichrma.org. Presentation on Lincoln’s birthday To celebrate President Abraham Lincoln’s birthday, Mark Albertson will make a presentation and discuss the history of the Emancipation Proclamation at 10:30 a.m. Friday at the Greenwich Senior Center, 299 Greenwich Ave., Greenwich. Open to the public. Family dinner, wine-pairing The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, is holding a family dinner night at 6:40 p.m. Friday . Open to the public. Tickets $20 adults, $10 children. RSVP and purchase tickets at www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. The club also his holding a South Pacific Wine-Pairing Dinner beginning at 6 p.m. Feb. 25 with appetizers at 6:30 p.m., dinner at 7 p.m. and dessert. Tickets $75 per person, reservations must be received by Feb. 17. RSVP and tickets: www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. NYC photos exhibit opens at Bruce “Street Smart: Photographs of New York City, 1945-1980,” will open at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Place on Feb. 18. The exhibit, which runs through June 4, features 30 black and white works drawn from the museum’s permanent collection. The exhibit is presented with support from the Charles M. and Deborah G. Royce Exhibition Fund and the Connecticut Office of the Arts. The museum is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. For more information, call the Bruce Museum at 203-869-0376 or visit www.brucemuseum.org. Violin, piano concert The Sunday Afternoon Live music series returns to First Church, 108 Sound Beach Ave., Old Greenwich, at 4 p.m. Feb. 19, with a variety of classical pieces for violin and piano performed by two Lithuanian-born virtuosos, Edita Orlinyte and Rimantas Vingras. Tickets are $20 for each performance and are available at the door. School-aged youth are free. For information visit www.fccog.org. Undies Project For a second year, local businesses will collect new and lightly used bras between Feb. 21 and March 3 at local businesses. Collection points will be at Aux Délices in Greenwich and Riverside; Equinox; Inside the Armoire; YWCA of Greenwich; Kaia Yoga, in Greenwich and Old Greenwich; and The Edge Fitness in Old Greenwich. For further information, visit www.theundiesproject.org. GEC workshop The Garden Education Center, 130 Bible St., Cos Cob, offers Modern floral design with store-bought bouquet, 10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Feb. 22, registration deadline Feb. 16. Cost: class fees $70 members, $75 nonmembers; gallery fees $20 members, $25 nonmembers. Transition programs A free information session for young adults with disabilities and their families by Vista Life Innovations, a nationally accredited post-secondary program for individuals with disabilities, is set for 6:30 p.m. Feb. 22 at the Cos Cob Library, 5 Sinawoy Road. “Introduction to Independence Transition Programming for Young Adults” is designed to help answer questions about transition services. Light refreshments provided. To RSVP, register online at www.vistalifeinnovations.org/greenwich or call 860-399-8080, Ext. 106 by Feb. 20. Urban Landscapes The Greenwich Arts Council’s new exhibit, “Urban Landscapes,” will run through Feb. 23 at the Bendheim Gallery, 299 Greenwich Ave., Greenwich. The show exhibits the work of eight artists who live and work in Manhattan. Admission is free. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday to Friday and Saturday and Sunday noon to 4 p.m. For more information, visit www.greenwichartscouncil.org. Crime novelist Poet and playwright Stephen Mack Jones will introduce his debut crime novel “August Snow” at AuthorsLive@GreenwichLibrary at 7 p.m. Feb. 23 in the meeting room of the library, 101 West Putnam Ave. Doors open at 6:30 p.m. Free. For more information, visit www.greenwichlibrary.org/authorslive. Senior Center hosts sing-a-long Atria of Rye Brook will present “Songs We Love to Remember” featuring Frank D’Ambrosio at 10:30 a.m. Feb. 23 at the Greenwich Senior Center, 299 Greenwich Ave. Refreshments will be served. For more information, contact the center at 203-862-6721. Music and film Greenwich Library, 101 W. Putnam, Ave., is celebrating Black History Month with the 2016 drama “Race” at 8 p.m. Feb. 24 in the Cole Auditorium, a drama based on black athlete Jesse Owen’s story. Free and open to the public. Doors open at 7:40 p.m. For more information, call 203-622-7910. Art Display During February at M and T Bank, 100 East Putnam Ave.,Cos Cob, the paintings of Art Society of Old Greenwich artist Dr. Ann Abenavoli will be on display during banking hours. Abenavoli specialized in diagnostic radiology prior to retirement and paints in watercolor and acrylics. She has displayed her art in Connecticut and Westchester County, N.Y. Trivia Challenge The Greenwich Alliance for Education will host its Second Annual Trivia Challenge at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 25 at First Presbyterian Church, 1 West Putnam Ave., Greenwich. Tickets are $125 a person. Register at www.greenwichalliance.org/events/trivia-challenge/. Boating safety class The next certified, U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary boating safety class is set for Feb. 25 at the Greenwich Water Club, 49 River Road, Cos Cob. The course covers requirements for safe boating, including Emily’s Law, choices of boats, safety equipment, Connecticut boating laws, boat handling, radio communications and personal watercraft operation. Preregistration required by Feb. 22. $75 fee includes textbook and class materials. Sign-in begins at 7:45 a.m. and lectures start at 8 a.m. Class should finish by 5 p.m. Need the Connecticut Conservation ID number. Contact Leandra at 203-661-4033, Ext 200, or email Flotilla78@yahoo.com to register. Japanese art A historical exhibition exploring the influence of Japanese art and culture on the United States will run through Feb. 26 at the Greenwich Historical Society, 39 Strickland Road, Cos Cob. The exhibit, “An An Eye to the East: The Inspiration of Japan,” will be open from noon to 4 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday. Regular admission, $10 for adults, $8 for seniors, and free for members. Curiousity concert features clarinetist The Anat Cohen Quarter will be the next featured offering of the Ashforth Children’s Concert Series and Curiosity Concerts, set for 1 p.m. Feb. 26 at Greenwich Library, 101 W. Putnam Ave. Free but reservations required at www.curiosityconcerts.org. Cohen, a critically acclaimed clarinetist, has been voted “Clarinetist of the Year” eight years in a row by the Jazz Journalists Association. Concert suitable for all ages. Greenwich Symphony Canadian violinist Christina Bouey will perform Sibelius’ ‘Violin Concerto’ with the Greenwich Symphony at 8 p.m. Feb. 25 and 4 p.m. Feb. 26 at the Performing Arts Center at Greenwich High School, 10 Hillside Road. Adult tickets are $35, student tickets $20. Tickets available by phone at 203-869-2664 or on-line at greenwichsym.org. Heart and Stroke Fair A free Heart Health and Stroke Fair will take place from 8 to 11 a.m. Feb. 28 at Greenwich Hospital’s Noble Conference Center, 5 Perryridge Road, Greenwich. Free and open to the public. Photos of James Brown “James Brown on My Mind,” a photography exhibit with work by Emilio Grossi, will be on display at Les Beaux Arts Gallery, Round Hill Community Church, 395 Round Hill Road through March 2. The series dates from the 1960s and focuses on Brown’s concert at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Gallery hours are 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Sundays, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays and closed Saturdays and Feb. 20. Gallery is free. For information, call 203-869-1091 or visit roundhillcommunitychurch.org. Remember the Clam Box The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, his continuing its Nostalgia Dinner Series with “Remember the Clam Box” at 6:30 p.m. March 3. Clam chowder, fried clams, fish and chips, coleslaw and dessert. Cost $35 for adults, $15 for children. RSVP www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. Open to the public. Aviation herstory In honor of women’s history month, the Greenwich Historical Society and Greenwich Point Conservancy will present Barbara Hiscock Spaeth speaking of her aunt, Bertha Potter Boeing and the role she played in American commercial aviation, from 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. March 5 at Innis Arden Cottage, Greenwich Point, Tod’s Driftway, Old Greenwich. Doors open at 4 p.m. Free but reservations required. RSVP to 203-869-6899, Ext. 10, or shealy@greenwichhistory.org. Light refreshments will be served. New World discovers Asia The Greenwich Decorative Arts Society presents “Made in Americas: The New World Discovers Asia,” a lecture by Dennis Carr, at 1:15 p.m. March 6 at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive. Carr is the Carolyn and Peter Lynch Curator of American Decorative Arts and Sculpture Art of the Americas of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. Admission for non-members of the Greenwich Decorative Arts Society is $25. Space is limited. Reservations required for members and guests by Feb. 27. For reservations and information, visit greenwichdecorativearts@gmail.com or call 203-322-2967. Book discussion group Greenwich Pen Women and the Perrot Memorial Library will launch a book discussion group beginning 7 p.m. March 6 in the meeting room of the library, 90 Sound Beach Avenue. First book is “Vinegar Girl” by Anne Tyler, looking at the theme of Shakespeare in contemporary fiction. “Vinegar Girl” is a modern retelling of “Taming of the Shrew.” Free and open to the public. Limited to 20 attendees. Register at the Adult Circulation Desk or call 203-637-1066, Ext. 15. Snow date March 13. St. Lawrence Club The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, will have a live music night beginning at 8:30 p.m. March 10 at “The Pub in the Club” featuring Mark Zelenz and Steve Hanson. No cover charge. Open to the public. Chamber Players season offerings The Chamber Players of the Greenwich Symphony for its 45th season will feature “Snake Charmers,” focusing on works for oboe by Holst, Cimarosa and Bellini on March 12 and 13. The finale includes Beethovan’s string quartet No. 12 in E-flat major, Op. 127. The April concerts, on April 23 and 24, will celebrate “Old World and New World” with works for piano and strings by Mozart, Copeland and Zarebski. All Sunday concerts are at 4 p.m. at Round Hill Community Church and Monday concerts are held at 7:30 p.m. at the Bruce Museum. Each includes a wine and cheese reception. Season tickets are $90 for adults and $15 for students. Single concert tickets are $30 for adults and $5 for students. For more information, call 203-637-4725. Islamic ceramics The Connecticut Ceramics Study Circle will hold an illustrated lecture, “Between East and West: Ceramics of the Islamic World Between China and Europe” featuring Walter B. Denny at 1 p.m. March 13 at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Place. Denny is an art history professor with the University of Massachusetts in Amherst. Refreshments following the lecture. Cost for non-members of the Study Circle is $25. For more information, visit www.ctcsc.org. Astronomy lectures The Astronomical Society of Greenwich has announced its upcoming lectures at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive. On March 26, Jason Kendall of William Paterson University will speak on “The Big Bang: How we Know the Universe is 13.7 billion years old.” On April 30, Sarbani Basu of Yale University will speak on “Listening to the Stars.” For more information, visit www.astrogreenwich.org, call 203-413-6762 or email greenwichstars@gmail.com or anneburns@brucemuseum.org Casino night The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, is holding a casino night on April 1. Open bar from 6 to 7 p.m., past and carving stations. $75 per person. Open to the public. Register by March 1 for $10 discount. Registration at www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036 for information. Early bird registration Reduced-price registration for the two- and one-week summer sessions of the Greenwich Historical Society History and Art Camp is open between now and April 1. Camp hours for the June and July sessions will be 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Monday to Friday. Sessions for fourth- to seventh-graders will be from July 10 to 21 and July 24 to Aug. 4 for second- to fourth-graders. Tuition for early bird sessions is $550 for two weeks and $350 for one week. For more information or to register, visit www.greenwichhistory.org/camp. Bruce exhibits Sisley paintings The Bruce Museum will present “Alfred Sisley (1839-1899): Impressionist Master,” through May 2 at the museum at 1 Museum Drive, Greenwich. For more information, call 203-869-0376 or visit brucemuseum.org. Abilis fund-raiser set for May Abilis is holding its 65th annual gala, “Spring for Abilis,” at 7 p.m. May 6 at Tamarack Country Club, 55 Locust Road, Greenwich. Champagne reception, silent and live auctions, cocktails, dinner and dancing. Gala co-chairs are Margot Michalski, Adriana Ospina and Martha Perry. Tickets start at $350. For more information, visit http://www.501auctions.com/spring4abilis. New exhibit of Bruce’s collection The Bruce Museum’s new exhibit, “Canvas and Cast: Highlights from the Bruce Museum’s Art Collection,” will be on display from through June 11. The show will include 35 paintings and seven sculptures from the Bruce’s growing collection. Gallery hours at the museum at 1 Museum Drive are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. Last Days of Pangea An exhibit on the ancient past, “Last Days of Pangea: In the Footsteps of Dinosaurs,” at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive, Greenwich, will remain on view through July 16. The show features fossil discoveries from the Connecticut Valley and other places in New England. The museum is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday to Tuesday. For more information, visit www.brucemuseum.org. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions About Our Ads Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:29 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Saturday February 11, 2017 12:46 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Amazon.com Inc warned today that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business — Reuters picNEW YORK, Feb 11 — Amazon.com Inc warned today that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to US President Donald Trump’s “America First” agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world’s largest online retailer said “trade and protectionist measures” might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon’s warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from US corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the US House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers’ border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, “Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business.” The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about US$2,400 (RM10,653) for an entity controlled or owned by Iran’s government, for example. “We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future,” Amazon said. “Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act).” — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain Algorithms: the managers of our digital lives Hundreds of immigrants arrested in ‘routine’ US enforcement surge Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
TRENDING CES 2017 NFL tech Donald Trump Oakland Entertainment Middle East MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Site-Wide Activity Activity Members Members Groups User Profile Site Registration Recover Password Activate YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON Oakland Obama NYC NFL MIA SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates Twitter LOG Dow and Nasdaq hit record highs; industrials outperform – CNBC Home  »  Business   »   Dow and Nasdaq hit record highs; industrials outperform – CNBC Posted on Feb 7 2017 - 10:45am by Zennie Abraham « PREVIOUS | NEXT » Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. Categorized as Business 13 Related New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded – U.S. News & World Report CNBC U.S. equities rose on Tuesday as investors focused on a slew of corporate earnings reports. The Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose more than 100 points, hitting a new record high, before holding about 73 points higher with Boeing contributing … Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips On Continued Trump ConcernsNasdaq Don’t Bet Against the Dow Jones Industrial AverageInvestorplace.com Dow and Nasdaq hit record highsReuters Phoenix Business Journal –Economic Calendar all 54 news articles …read more From:: Dow Jones News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - Tom Teicholz - World News Media Network - About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Grocery Shopping With Mom At Kroger's Georgia 9th Circuit, Oakland Raiders Badain In Las Vegas, Bauce Man Zennie62 YouTube Live 9th Circuit Court Of Appeals Rules Against Trump Muslim Travel Ban On Marc Badain Oakland Raiders President Before Las Vegas Stadium Authority KellyAnn Conway Donald Trump Aide Promotes Ivanka Trump Products On TV Jeff Sessions Gets Joe Manchin Democrat Vote In AG Confirmation YouTube Live Mobile v YouTube Live Computer With Wirecast #tech George Lopez Calling Black Woman B-Word Was Wrong Charles Oakley, George Lopez, Oakland Raiders, Trump News, YouTube Live Zennie62 http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62Download YouTube Video Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Recent Comments Tracy Smith on George Michael Update Singer Died Of Heart Failure – 20 Essential Songs Kristina Kraljevic on 5-year-old threatens to dethrone YouTube king PewDiePie – USA TODAY Zennie Abraham on Donald Trump took Taiwan PM’s call because he seeks to build a relationship and hotels there disqus_yeZNegncsV on Donald Trump took Taiwan PM’s call because he seeks to build a relationship and hotels there sdsdsd on Dodgers shut down by another lefty, lose 3-0 to Yankees – USA TODAY @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Click For Oakland News > The Oakland Post The Only Oakland Newspaper
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Tech International Space Station Will Get a Commercial Airlock in 2019 By Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor | February 7, 2017 02:29pm ET MORE Houston-based company NanoRacks is developing a commercial airlock for the International Space Station that NASA says should launch in 2019. Credit: NanoRacks The International Space Station (ISS) will soon feature its first commercially funded airlock, which NASA officials said will allow more small satellites to be deployed from the orbiting lab. NASA has agreed to let the Houston-based company NanoRacks develop the airlock, which is expected to launch in 2019. "We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation," Sam Scimemi, director of NASA's ISS division, said in a statement. "We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector." NanoRacks — which has already deployed numerous tiny cubesats from the station's Japanese Kibo module — signed an independent partnership with aerospace giant Boeing on Monday (Feb. 6) to develop the new airlock. Artist's illustration of the commercial airlock that will be installed on the International Space Station in 2019, if all goes according to plan. Credit: NanoRacks Payloads deployed into space via the new airlock will be coordinated and vetted through the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS), which manages the U.S. national laboratory on the space station.NASA officials said the new airlock will be installed on a port on ISS' Tranquility module. Another Tranquility port currently hosts the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM), a prototype designed to test how inflatable habitats perform in space. Besides its current work with NanoRacks, CASIS and Bigelow Aerospace (which built BEAM), NASA issued a request for information last fall asking private enterprises how they can use resources on the space station, such as docking ports. "As private sector partners play a greater role in this new economy, NASA is able to focus on its deep-space exploration goals, including sending humans beyond the moon and eventually, to Mars," agency officials said in the same statement. Follow Elizabeth Howell @howellspace, or Space.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebookand Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations An Inflatable Space Room: The Bigelow Expandable Activity Module in Pictures Building the International Space Station (Photos) Cosmic Quiz: Do You Know the International Space Station? Author Bio Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor Elizabeth Howell is a contributing writer for Space.com who is one of the few Canadian journalists to report regularly on space exploration. She is pursuing a Ph.D. part-time in aerospace sciences (University of North Dakota) after completing an M.Sc. (space studies) at the same institution. She also holds a bachelor of journalism degree from Carleton University. Besides writing, Elizabeth teaches communications at the university and community college level. To see her latest projects, follow Elizabeth on Twitter at @HowellSpace. Elizabeth Howell, Space.com Contributor on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Tornado Hits NASA Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans By Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer | February 7, 2017 05:08pm ET MORE Editor's Note: NASA has begun the recovery efforts after this tornado. You can read the full story here. A tornado impacted NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans Tuesday (Feb. 7), according to a statement released by the agency. "At this time, only minor injuries have been reported and NASA employees and other tenants are being accounted for," NASA officials said in the statement. The tornado hit the facility at 11:25 a.m. CST (12:25 p.m. EST/1725 GMT), they added. [In Photos: Tornado Damage at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility]   NASA posted a video to YouTube that shows cell phone footage of the tornado (taken from afar), as well as footage of the facility after the impact. "That thing is an awesome thing to look at," one spectator said in the video, referring to the massive grey funnel on the horizon. @weatherchannel @CNN @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/im2iSxWi7n — Jonathan Simeral (@JonSimeral) February 7, 2017 "Hopefully, everybody's okay, but it is real bad," said a person taking footage of the facility after the tornado had passed. The video seemed to show damage to buildings and a car flipped over in a parking lot. "There is still a threat of severe weather in the area and emergency officials are continuing to monitor the situation to ensure the safety of onsite personnel," the statement said. "The onsite Michoud emergency response team is also conducting damage assessments of buildings and facilities." Currently, the Michoud Assembly Facilityis responsible for manufacturing and assembling the core stage of NASA's next-generation heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System (SLS), which is built by Boeing, according to NASA's website. Michoud will also assemble and integrate the SLS main propulsion system, including the RS-25 engines, built by Aerojet Rocketdyne. The facility is also involved in manufacturing large structures and composites for the Orion crew vehicle. Previously, NASA used the facility to assemble the external propulsion tanks for the space shuttle program, as well as Saturn V moon rocket stages. News outlets are reporting that perhaps as many as seven tornadoes have struck Louisiana today. Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency.  Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield.Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Raw Video: Tornado Hits NASA’s Michoud Assembly Facility In New Orleans Space Launch System Rocket's First Crew Launch Dramatized By NASA | Video Photos: NASA's Space Launch System for Deep Space Flights Space Launch System: NASA's Giant Rocket Explained (Infographic) Author Bio Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer Calla Cofield joined the crew of Space.com in October, 2014. She enjoys writing about black holes, exploding stars, ripples in space-time, science in comic books, and all the mysteries of the cosmos. She has been underground at three of the largest particle accelerators in the world. She'd really like to know what the heck dark matter is. Prior to joining Space.com Calla worked as a freelance science writer. Her work has appeared in APS News, Symmetry magazine, Scientific American, Nature News, Physics World, and others. From 2010 to 2014 she was a producer for The Physics Central Podcast. Previously, Calla worked at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City (hands down the best office building ever) and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California. Calla studied physics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and is originally from Sandy, Utah. Contact Calla via: E-Mail – Twitter Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business By Jeffrey Dastin ReutersFebruary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery in the Manhattan borough of New York City, January 29, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File PhotoMore By Jeffrey Dastin (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc warned on Friday that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world's largest online retailer said "trade and protectionist measures" might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon's warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from U.S. corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the U.S. House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers' border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, "Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business." The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about $2,400 for an entity controlled or owned by Iran's government, for example. "We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future," Amazon said. "Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act)." (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Hay and Cynthia Osterman) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/education/article/Pastor-cites-faith-as-aid-during-Romania-10924237.php Pastor cites faith as aid during Romania imprisonment Earle Cornelius, Lnp Newspapers Published 12:05 am, Saturday, February 11, 2017 Photo: Dan Marschka, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Rev. Lumintza Nichols is photographed at the First Baptist Church in Lancaster, Pa., on Jan. 31, 2017. After a sermon on Jan. 22, she answered questions from the congregation, and it was during that session that members first learned about her unique story and deep faith. (Dan Marschka/LNP via AP) less Rev. Lumintza Nichols is photographed at the First Baptist Church in Lancaster, Pa., on Jan. 31, 2017. After a sermon on Jan. 22, she answered questions from the congregation, and it was during that session ... more Photo: Dan Marschka, AP Pastor cites faith as aid during Romania imprisonment 1 / 1 Back to Gallery LANCASTER, Pa. (AP) — This is all you need to know about Luminitza Cristecu Nichols' faith: She was willing to die for it. A former nurse, she is the first native-born female Romanian Baptist pastor in the world. On Feb. 26, the 46-year-old will become the first female pastor at First Baptist Church in Lancaster. The church is affiliated with the American Baptist Church, which has long ordained women. Frank Kautz, moderator for First Baptist Church and a member of the church's selection committee, said her passion impressed the committee. She preached a sermon at the church on Jan. 22 and answered questions from the congregation. It was during that session that members first learned about her unique story and deep faith. Present-day Romania is a member of both NATO and the European Union. It has a democratically elected government. But in 1989, the country was ruled by communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu. Among the many repressive laws in Romania at that time was one that made it a crime to own a Bible — a book that is central to her life. A fateful day Nichols' story begins on the day her life nearly ended — Dec. 16, 1989. That evening, 19-year-old Lumi, as she was called, was returning from a service at a banned Protestant church in her home city of Timosoara with her friend, Sorin. A large crowd had gathered outside the Hungarian Reformed Church where pastor Laszlo Tokes was being forcibly removed because he supported equal rights and had denounced Ceausescu's dictatorship. The pair went to her friend's home. He told her to leave her purse and her Bible behind but she slipped the small Bible into the pocket of her coat and returned to the rally, she said, to "witness history. Little did she know how prophetic her words would be. That night marked the beginning of the Romanian Revolution — a weeklong bloodbath that left thousands dead and ultimately toppled the Ceausescu regime. As the crowds at the church grew that night, authorities turned fire hoses on the protesters. Nichols and her friend fled but were caught. When they admitted they had attended the protest, they were transported directly to Popa Sapca — the city's infamous political prison. She was terrified. "You have to understand," she said as she recounted her story during an interview this week, "people don't get out of a communist prison." Hiding her Bible Inside the prison, Nichols remembered her Bible. Realizing she might be executed if the guards found it on her, she tore a hole in the pocket of her full-length coat. The book slipped to the bottom of the inner lining, where it went undetected. "If they had asked (for the Bible), I would have taken a bullet for it," she said. "It was the word of God." She was placed in a tiny cell with 18 other women, all of whom were worried about their fate. And that's when she thought about Scripture. "What I remembered was what (Apostle) Paul did in the Book of Acts, and that was sing, pray." Although she was the youngest woman in the cell, she asked the others if she could pray for them and their country. When she opened her eyes, they were crying. One young woman, a Hungarian, said she didn't know how to pray. Nichols told her: "The greatest cry of your heart, God will count it as a prayer." It was, she said, the first time she saw herself as a leader. Several days later, as protests around the country grew, Ceausescu ordered the military into action. "It was full-out war against the citizens," she said. "You could hear machine guns outside the prison and women screaming in the other cells." She began to ask God for a sign that she had done the right thing by protesting, but was left with an empty feeling. That did not stop her from singing banned church songs, one of which included the words, "Only in heaven will we know why there was so much suffering on the Earth." The women around her learned the words and joined in. They called it their prison song. And that's when she experienced what may have been a first sign from God: The female guard peering through the eye slit could have turned them over to the military, but "she never stopped us," Nichols said. Shortly thereafter, Nichols removed the Bible from her coat. One by one they passed it around. "Some," she said, "had no idea what a Bible was. They had never seen a Bible." Twice that week, guards entered the cell. One time, the women were lined up facing the wall. Several were taken away and beaten. Nichols was not. Another time, soldiers asked if there were any "repenters" — Christians — in the cell. Disregarding the pleas by her cellmates, she raised her hand. "I didn't want God to be ashamed of me," she explained. The soldiers ignored her and left. Freed from prison Six days after the uprising began, the prisoners — men and women — were told they were free. Ceausescu had hoped that by releasing prisoners throughout the country, the revolution would end. "When we were told that we are free ... many of the women didn't want to go. We were convinced they were going to ... execute us." Instead, they were taken by truck to a forest outside the city and released. She and another woman managed to find a bus. When they reached Timosoara, Nichols gave her Bible to the other woman. Although she was walking along familiar streets, she said she didn't recognize the city of her birth. Buildings had been burned or destroyed. Trails of blood darkened the sidewalks. Nichols returned to her neighborhood, where she was met by Elena, a friend who had first introduced her to the underground church. She discovered that while her own family was safe, two of Elena's sisters had been executed. At home, she was greeted by her relieved family. Her father, a communist leader at his factory, had in the past beaten her because of her beliefs. He later told her he had made a bargain with God, that he would convert if she came home safely. On Dec. 22, crowds in the Romanian capital of Bucharest turned on Ceausescu. He and his wife fled but were captured, tried by a military tribunal and executed on Dec. 25, 1989. State-run TV announced the executions. The announcers also added two words that Nichols said previously had been banned by the government: "Merry Christmas." After Romania The events of that week led an emboldened Nichols to seek new opportunities. Told that some American Christian universities were offering full scholarships to Romanians following Ceausescu's fall, she applied. Exactly eight months to the day of her arrest in Timosoara — Aug. 16, 1990 — Nichols enrolled at Tennessee Temple University, a Christian university in Chattanooga, Tennessee. There she ran into another obstacle. She wanted to pursue a degree in pastoral care but the school was affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention, which does not ordain women. She ultimately earned a degree in nursing. While she got satisfaction out of helping people, she felt unfulfilled and often performed chaplain duties on her own at the hospital where she worked. While in Tennessee, she met and married Eric Nichols, then an aerospace engineer for Boeing. They spent three years in London while he pursued an MBA degree. When they returned, she enrolled at Eastern Baptist Theological Seminary — now Palmer Seminary, which does ordain women — outside Philadelphia where she earned her Master of Divinity degree. She and her husband, a business consultant, are the parents of two children — Ana, 11, and Teodora, 6. Nichols served an internship and was associate pastor of pastoral care at the Baptist Church of West Chester before applying for the position at First Baptist. She also is pursuing a doctoral degree from Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in Hamilton, Massachusetts. At the time of Nichols' ordination, the Rev. Patricia Hernandez, national director for American Baptist Women in Ministry, said Nichols' story "highlights the many ways God calls and gifts women in ministry. As we look to the future, it will be women like Lumi who will lead us into a new day." "There are so many good things we can do," Nichols said while sitting in her North Duke Street office for the first time. "I want to be positioned where the Lord wants me to be." ___ Online: http://bit.ly/2kdQhrd ___ Information from: LNP, http://lancasteronline.com Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Overcast. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 41F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Rain showers early mixing with snow showers late. Low 34F. Winds NNW at less than 5 mph, becoming WSW and increasing to 10 to 20 mph. Chance of precip 60%. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Evan Vucci Southwest CEO Gary Kelly speaks during a meeting between President Donald Trump and airline executives in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) AP American Airlines pilots say CEO should've met with Trump By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Feb 10, 2017 Updated 9 hrs ago 0 Evan Vucci Southwest CEO Gary Kelly speaks during a meeting between President Donald Trump and airline executives in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) DALLAS (AP) — The head of the pilots' union at American Airlines is blasting the carrier's CEO for skipping a meeting with President Donald Trump to attend a company event in Dallas. Union President Dan Carey said Friday that CEO Doug Parker missed a chance to talk to Trump about issues confronting airline workers, including the threat from fast-growing foreign competitors. "For our airline's CEO to say 'no thanks' to President Trump flat-out amazes me," Carey said. Parker said he needed to attend an event Thursday for 1,600 employees, where he stressed the importance of managers taking care of their workers. He said he made sure that other CEOs talked to Trump about the industry's agenda, including modernizing the air traffic control system and reducing taxes and regulation. The CEOs of Delta, United, Southwest, Alaska and JetBlue attended the White House meeting. Carey's union, the Allied Pilots Association, and the larger Air Line Pilots Association, are targeting Norwegian Air, Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. The unions and big U.S. airlines say those foreign carriers avoid labor laws or get huge subsidies from their governments that let them expand and threaten jobs at U.S. airlines. That subject came up only briefly Thursday, and it did not go well for the U.S. airlines. Trump praised the big investments that foreign airlines make in the U.S. — an apparent reference to hiring U.S.-based crews and ordering planes made by Chicago-based Boeing — even if the money comes from their governments. None of the CEOs challenged him on the issue. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business Transportation Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Government Regulations Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
