Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide Boeing and Airbus Debut New Airliners With First Flights on the Same Day Boeing goes for size with their longest variant of the 787, while Airbus's A319neo is a smaller aircraft focused on efficiency. Most Popular Boeing By Jay Bennett Apr 3, 2017 The maiden flights for both the Boeing 787-10 and the Airbus A319neo were carried out Friday, March 31. The two airplanes are the newest members of the 787 family for Boeing and the A320neo family for Airbus. The two aircraft manufacturers both cite efficiency as their primary reason for building the new planes, but these two jets take radically different approaches. The 787-10 is the longest of the 787 family, holding 40 more passengers or 15 percent more cargo than the 787-9, while the A319neo is the smallest jet in the A320neo family and relies on the new CFM International LEAP-1A engines to achieve efficient flight. Airbus Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Boeing's two-aisle 787-10 will fly transoceanic and other long-distance flights. The Seattle-based aircraft manufacturer has secured 149 orders for the twin-engine jet from nine airlines around the world. The longer fuselage and composite airframe are meant to improve fuel efficiency per seat, with capacity for up to 330 passengers. The stretched fuselage does come with the cost of a shorter overall range, however. The 787-10 will have a range of about 7,400 miles compared to 8,800 miles for the 787-9 and the 8,450 miles that the 787-8 can fly. This means Boeing's newest jet airliner will be able to comfortably hop between Europe and the United States, Europa and Asia, and Asia and North America, but it won't quite have the legs for flights between Australia and the Americas. Related Story 13 of the Most Incredible Boeing 747s Most Popular The single-aisle Airbus A319neo will be capable of trans-Atlantic flights, but will primarily be used for shorter routes more suited to its range of about 4,300 miles—roughly 60 miles more than the other A320neo variants. The A319neo will have capacity for just 124 passengers compared to the 150 that can fly on an A320neo and 185 for an A321neo. Airbus plans to retain fuel efficiency in the A320neo family by leveraging new, high-efficiency engines and taking advantage of aerodynamic airframe designs. The 787-10 flew for just under six hours over Boeing's South Carolina facilities, where the 787-10 will be manufactured, as the pilots tested flight controls, handling qualities and other systems on the aircraft. The A319neo flew from Hamburg-Finkenwerder Airport in Germany to Toulouse, France, staying aloft for five hours as the pilots tested the craft. Boeings first 787-10s will be delivered sometime in the first half of 2018 to launch customers Singapore Airlines, British Airways, and United Airlines, among others. Airbus has yet to announce a launch customer for the A319neo, and only about 55 planes have been ordered thus far. With a new long-haul airliner from Boeing and a new narrow-body jet from Airbus, these two aviation giants continue to duke it out for control of the skies. Sources: Boeing and Airbus More from Popular Mechanics: More From Airlines Airlines Share What Will The Next Great Airliner Look Like? Airlines Share Drones Have Nearly Hit Planes at Heathrow at Least Three Times Airlines Share There Was a Snake on a Plane in Alaska Airlines Share U.S. Bans Laptops and Tablets on Flights from 8 Countries Airlines Share Why Business Class Is an Airline's Real Money-Maker Airlines Share Plane Botches Beach Landing and Almost Hits the Water Airlines Share Replacing the World's Largest Jet Engine at 40-Below Airlines Share Boeing Rolls Out Its New 737 MAX 9 Airlines Share One Airline Made a Beer Designed for 30,000 Feet Airlines Share Why Planes Are Slower Than They Used to Be Flight Airlines Boeing Airbus 787-10 A319neo Airliner Airline First Flight Boeing Soars With First Fuel-Cell Plane Test, but Don't Count on Hydrogen Flights Soon Here Are the First NASA Astronauts Who'll Ride With SpaceX and Boeing A Snow Moon, Lunar Eclipse and Comet Are Set to Appear on the Same Day Chrysler's New Electric Brain Trust Takes on GM With Three Concepts: Live From the 2008 Detroit Auto Show (With Three Videos and Interview) Blue Origin Becomes First Company to Launch and Land the Same Rocket Twice Airbus A350 Slams to a Stop on Botched First Takeoff Out of the U.S. More From Airlines PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +304 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Wins $42Mln for Cryptography Used in US Combat Survival System © Boeing Military & Intelligence 05:11 04.04.2017Get short URL 113913 Pentagon said that Boeing Defense, Space & Security has received a $42.5 million US Air Force contract to develop more secure codes on systems to locate and rescue downed air crew and help them escape pursuers. © REUTERS/ Ints Kalnins Boeing to Equip Modernized F-15 Fighter-Bombers With New RadarsWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Boeing Defense, Space & Security has received a $42.5 million US Air Force contract to develop more secure codes on systems to locate and rescue downed air crew and help them escape pursuers, the Department of Defense said in a press release. “The Boeing Company — Defense, Space & Security [of] Huntington Beach, California has been awarded a $42,573,612… contract for Next Generation Cryptographic Architecture on the Combat Survivor Evader Locator program,” the release stated on Monday. Under the contract, Boeing will develop and test the cryptographic modernization of the Ultra High Frequency Base Station and the Combat Survivor Evader Locator Interrogator Module, the Defense Department explained. The company will also “complete technical data package for the Combat Survivor Evader Locator system,” the release added. Work on the project will be performed at Huntington Beach, California and is expected to be completed by July 5, 2020, according to the release. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: Billions at Stake: Boeing Deploys Weaponized Info in Fighter Jet Battle Boeing Wins $2.2 Billion to Produce Anti-Sub Warfare Aircraft Boeing Wins $59Mln to Support Next Generation Aerial Tanker Program Boeing KC-46 Air Tanker Delivery Faces More Delays After 1-Year Setback Tags: Boeing, Pentagon, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 05:23 04.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete WAIT.. BOEING can develop that for RUSSIA at SK!!!! WHAT? NO!! Then why they at SK. Stealing tech, brain draining and spying. Get them OUT!!Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Japanese Authorities Approve Security Plans for 2020 Olympic Games 09:49Malaysia Asks India to Sign Up Quick on RCEP, Signs 31 Pacts Worth $36 Billion 09:48Syria to Respond to 'Terrorist Supporter' Israel's Aggression - Ambassador 09:35No Inquiry From Russia on Likely Kyrgyz Native's Role in St. Petersburg Bombing 09:27South Korea Conducts Large-Scale Artillery Exercises - Defense MinistryAll news Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 23110 Sonic Shield: Unique Device Renders Russian Navy Invisible to Torpedoes 9273 Gold Bugs: Why Russia is Stacking Bullion Bricks Like There's No Tomorrow 9065 Cold Turkey: US Secretary of State Fails to See Eye to Eye With Erdogan 8847 News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 8119All news News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 81 US to Keep Pressuring Russia, Iran to Bring Assad to Justice - Ambassador to UN 58 Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 53 Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice Behind Unmasking of Trump Team 47 ‘World Should Be Ready’ for North Korea Nuclear Attack on US, Says Defector 46All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics International Pillow Fight Day: Feathered Fun Around the World Diagnosis Long Overdue Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Report suggests US offers Lockheed 'multi-year' deal for F-35 joint strike fighter Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca 6 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES U.S. Navy | Reuters F-35 Bravo Lightning II stand ready on the deck of amphibious assault ship USS Wasp for day two of the first phase operational testing in the Atlantic Ocean in this handout photo taken May 19, 2015 and provided by the U.S. Navy. Lockheed Martin is getting offered a multi-year block buy for its F-35 aircraft in exchange for not objecting to its rival Boeing getting new orders from the Navy for the F/A-18 fighter, according to a report. "It is common knowledge within the defense industry that Lockheed Martin employees are not to complain about the Navy's plans to purchase another batch of Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets because of a deal worked out by the president to push for a multi-year block buy of Lockheed Martin F-35s," Dan Grazier, a defense industry expert at the Washington watchdog group Project On Government Oversight (POGO) wrote in a blog post Monday. A Lockheed spokesman called the report "100 percent false." Boeing and the Pentagon declined comment for this story. Analysts have previously said a multi-year block buy could help Lockheed change the economics on the aircraft and help improve margins and lower costs. It also would give the company more leverage with its partner companies and supply base by providing a steady flow of work over several years. Yet Grazier said the F-35 joint strike fighter program "legally does not qualify for a block buy. That's the big problem with this." The POGO analyst said he hasn't seen any figures on a block buy price for the F-35. "If this [F-35] block buy goes through, the United States taxpayers will be committed to buying about 33 percent of the planned buy of F-35s," said Grazier. "We're talking nearly 800 aircraft." To date, more than 200 F-35s are in operation by the U.S. armed forces and its seven partner nations. Earlier this year, Lockheed estimated that more than 3,000 of the aircraft would be purchased, with about 600 jets going to international allies. Up to now, the government has purchased F-35 stealth aircraft under a series of so-called low-rate initial production agreements. "They're moving beyond low-rate initial production, but they're just not saying that they're doing it," Grazier said. "That's kind of the fuzzy gray area of legality that's going on here." The F-35A variant, a conventional takeoff and landing plane, is expected to represent the majority of the aircraft produced. There's also the F-35B variant for the Marines Corps capable of short takeoffs and vertical landings, while the F-35C for the Navy is a carrier variant. Last month, Lockheed and the Department of Defense agreed on a deal involving the tenth batch of F-35 aircraft, resulting in a savings of $728 million — a nearly 8 percent reduction in the price on the F-35C variant of the joint strike fighter. Even so, the F-35C Navy variant under the tenth batch deal still was priced at $121.8 million, while the F-35A, or Air Force variant, was $94.6 million. Grazier said his source within the defense industry indicated that there's been a "tonal change" due to "a much larger deal worked out by President Donald Trump with Lockheed Martin and Boeing." The F-35 joint strike program, the largest weapons acquisition program in Pentagon history, is expected to cost more than a $1 trillion over its life cycle estimated at just over 50 years. While Lockheed is the prime contractor on the F-35, one of the major partner companies is Northrop Grumman. In all, there are more than 1,300 supplier companies nationwide for the F-35 program. Since December, Trump has met several times to discuss the F-35 program with Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson. He's also met with Boeing's CEO Dennis Muilenburg to discuss the company's F/A-18 fighter and Air Force One replacement contact. "The decision to purchase weapons should be based solely on the performance of the system, not on backroom political and business deals," Grazier said in his blog. If Boeing secures a new deal for its F/A-18 or gets an update on the plane, it could be good news for the company because it would be a shot in the arm for its tactical aircraft business and extend production of the jet. "Heavy F-18 use and F-35 delays are straining the Navy fighter fleet and so we could see the service seeking perhaps a dozen more F-18's annually over the next couple of years," JPMorgan analyst Seth Seifman said in a research note Friday. According to Grazier, the F-35 doesn't legally qualify for a multi-year block buy because it fails to meet all the required criteria. Specifically, one area it falls short in is a "stable design" requirement, the analyst said. The F-35 has not completed the development phase yet so the design "is inherently unstable," Grazier told CNBC in an interview. As an example, he said the F-35C engineers are having to "redesign the nose gear" due to a "vertical oscillation problem" during carrier launches. "It bounces a whole lot ...and gives the pilots whip lash." In January, Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered a review of the F-35 program and how the government can reduce costs and options it might have with the F/A-18 manufactured by Boeing. He also ordered a review of Boeing's presidential plane replacement program. Reports suggest an upgraded F/A-18 — sometimes dubbed the Advanced Super Hornet — could come in at a cost lower the F-35C and feature new sensor technology and more range, among other things. But Trump's Air Force Secretary nominee, Heather Wilson, last week in Senate testimony for her confirmation questioned whether the F/A-18 can provide stealth features such as the fifth-generation F-35. "The real thing I don't think you could do with an F-18 or a F-15 or a F-16 is give it stealth capability retroactively," Wilson said. The nominee pointed out that the Chinese are developing stealth capability in fighters and added, "I don't see how we can stop modernizing and expect to win a near-peer fight. I'd rather have that fight be unfair and be on our side." Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT ---
blog news articles page Contact us Global Warming Global Warming page My air force story essay Home - Air Force Marathon - USAF Marathon Date: 2017-04-04 00:29 More videos «My air force story essay» Air Force Privacy Act > Home Military Daily News Travis Air Force Base > Home A Boeing source familiar with the program told CNN that not even the company can estimate the cost of the program at this time, since "the Pentagon has not even decided all the bells and whistles it wants on the new Air Force One." Air Force Privacy Act > Home The president-elect said in a tweet Tuesday that the new Boeing ( BA ) 797 jet that's being built to carry "future presidents" already costs more than $9 billion, and that he wants to cancel the order. Military Daily News The . Government Accountability Office estimated in March that the entire program would cost about $ billion from the 7565 through 7575 fiscal years, including $7 billion for research and development. Travis Air Force Base > Home The F-85 Lightning II is a next-generation stealth multirole fighter jet designed for ground attacks and air defense missions. It's the first . Air Force plane designed with voice recognition, allowing pilots to keep their focus on the battle, rather than on an instrument panel. Recently retired Boeing CEO Jim McNerney was named just last week to an all-star team of corporate executives who will advise Trump on jobs and the economy. &bull Privacy Act Overview &bull Air Force Privacy Act Instruction (PDF, 775 KB) &bull Privacy Act Exceptions &bull Privacy System Notices &bull Privacy Impact Assessments &bull PII Video Commercial &bull Legislative History of the &bull Air Force Link First taking flight in 6986, the F-65E Strike Eagle is a dual-role fighter designed for air-to-air and air-to-ground missions. Piloted by a crew of two, the planes have racked up an impressive streak of more than 655 aerial combat victories without a single air-to-air loss. The A-65C Thunderbolt II's primary 85mm cannon fires 8,955 rounds per minute. It is also armed with air-to-surface and air-to-air missiles, cluster bombs (such as the MK-87 bombs being dropped here), laser-guided bombs and other weaponry. With more than 855,555 active service personnel, more than 5,555 planes currently in service, and a budget of $666 billion, the US Air Force is the largest military force of its kind in the world. Wingspan: 89 feet, 8 inches Length: 68 feet, 6 inches Speed: 6,875 mph Cost: $ million (fiscal 6998 dollars) «My air force story essay» in pictures. More images «My air force story essay». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Boeing Unveils Deep Space Concepts for Moon and Mars Exploration COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Apr. 3, 2017 – Boeing [NYSE: BA] today unveiled concepts for the deep space gateway and transport systems that could help achieve NASA’s goal of having robust human space exploration from the Moon to Mars. NASA’s Space Launch System, which Boeing is helping develop, would deliver the habitat to cislunar space near the Moon. Known as the Deep Space Gateway, the habitat could support critical research and help open opportunities for global government or commercial partnerships in deep space, including lunar missions. It would be powered by a Solar Electric Propulsion (SEP) system. “The ability to simultaneously launch humans and cargo on SLS would allow us to assemble the gateway in four launches in the early 2020s,” said Pete McGrath, director of global sales and marketing for Boeing’s space exploration division. The Deep Space Gateway could be the waypoint for Mars missions. Utilizing a docking system akin to what the International Space Station uses for commercial operations, it could host the Deep Space Transport vehicle, which would take humans to Mars. Once near Mars, crews could deploy a lander for surface missions or conduct other scientific and robotic missions in orbit. The transport vehicle would be equipped with a habitat specifically designed to protect passengers from deep space’s harsh environment and its own robust SEP bus. In fact, both of Boeing’s concepts leverage proven solar electric propulsion technology and hardware design from the 702 satellite family. The gateway and transport systems are partially being developed as part of NASA’s Next Space Technologies for Exploration Technologies (Next Step) program and an ongoing High Power SEP technology development effort within the NASA Space Technology Mission Directorate (STMD). For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Kelly Kaplan Space Exploration Office: +1 281-226-4367 Mobile: +1 832-284-2188 Kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious April is Distracted Driving Awareness Month Next PostNext ERO officer Thomas Szwed gives his time to Paws for Love Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In BofI Holding, Inc. To Contact The Firm EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against NantHealth, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm ProfNet Experts Available on Financial Literacy, Internet Privacy, More Southern ITS International Inc. (SITS: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Global Blood Bank Information System Market: McKesson, Mak-System, Integrated Medical Systems, Mediware Compugroup Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Navy fighter jets depriving pilots of oxygen Navy fighter jets depriving pilots of oxygen Posted on Monday, April 3, 2017 by CNN in Election An increasing number of F/A-18 fighter jet pilots are suffering from potentially dangerous oxygen deprivation during flight, a safety issue that is raising new questions around the future of the US Navy’s aging air fleet. Testifying before lawmakers last week, Navy officials described a rising rate of “physiological episodes” affecting pilots who fly all models of F-18 aircraft, especially the Boeing-built Super Hornet, an aircraft that has seen public support from President Donald Trump. “Since May 1, 2010, all models” of the F-18 “show steady, yearly increases in the number of physiological episodes,” according to their testimony, which was first reported by Bloomberg ahead of last week’s House Armed Services subcommittee hearing. They also reported a growing number incidents involving pilots of Boeing’s EA-18G Growler, an aircraft that specializes in jamming and disrupting various capabilities of enemy jets. The reported physiological episodes are categorized in two general groups, those related to “pilot breathing gas” and those caused by “unscheduled pressure changes in the flight station,” according to Rear Adm. Michael Moran. “These phenomena jeopardize safe flight,” he said. A team of Navy investigators has assessed 382 cases so far, and has determined that 130 involved some form of oxygen contamination, and 114 involved a failure of the jet’s system that maintains cabin pressure. But the investigation into the root cause of this issue has yielded few tangible results. The “lack of overall progress” is “of great concern,” said Rep. Niki Tsongas, the House armed services panel’s top Democrat, during last week’s hearing. According to Moran, determining the cause of these incidents has been complicated by the fact that “symptoms related to depressurization, tissue hypoxia and contaminant intoxication overlap.” Hypoxia results from deficiency in the amount of oxygen delivered to cells and can induce potentially fatal complications. The Navy has implemented several procedural measures in an attempt to respond to the rising number of incidents involving the aircraft that makes up the core of its fighter fleet. This includes additional training for pilots on the dangers of hypoxia and how to recognize symptoms while flying simulator aircraft. “Moving forward we will continue to fly while applying every resource to solve this challenging problem,” said Moran. Often described as the backbone of naval aviation, the various F-18 aircraft make up most of the service’s strike fighter fleet. The F/A-18 Super Hornet was designed to have a lifespan of roughly 6,000 flight hours, but today, jets are being stretched to fly between 8,000 and 9,000 hours to fulfill mission expectations as a result of fewer operational aircraft, budget restrictions and delays to the fifth-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Late last year, then-President-elect Trump stoked controversy when he said in a tweet that Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter — the Pentagon’s flagship fighter program and the most expensive weapons system in history — could be replaced with a modified version of Boeing’s rival aircraft. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump tweeted. The Congressional Budget Office estimated in December 2016 that if the Defense Department were to curtail plans to add more F-35s, and instead purchase more Boeing Super Hornets and Lockheed F-16 fighters, taxpayers would save an estimated $29 billion. Defense Secretary James Mattis has commissioned a review of the $400 billion F-35 program in an effort to cut costs. But Mattis has also called the F-35 — a joint Navy, Air Force and Marines program touted as the most lethal and versatile aircraft of the modern era — “critical” for US air superiority and for its ability to integrate with allies who are buying the jet. The US Navy is already considering the purchase of 10 to 15 additional Boeing-made Super Hornets annually through 2020 because of delays in getting the F-35C model used on aircraft carriers. Boeing, which has continuously updated the Super Hornet with new electronics, bigger fuel tanks and new stealthy features, has pitched the Navy jet as a more affordable alternative to the F-35. Currently, only the Navy operates the Super Hornet. Trump asked Congress for an additional $13.5 billion this year to, in part, build and modernize additional F-35s and F/A-18s. The Navy estimates a portion of their current F/A-18 fleet will remain in use through 2030. DC activists planning pot giveaway, Capitol Hill 'smoke in' Trump's Secretary of Everything: Jared Kushner Related Posts Why Walmart will keep selling guns Christie: Obama Cuba policy is ‘awful idea’; President not assertive on Sony Secretary of State John Kerry: Two-state solution in serious jeopardy North Carolina leaders agree to repeal bathroom bill, but many see flaws Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Through the Lens: Life and Politics in Asia Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Asia Defense Image Credit: Boeing US Navy Buys 17 Advanced Sub-Killer Planes Armed With Flying Torpedoes The aircraft are slated to be delivered by the end of 2020. By Franz-Stefan Gady for The Diplomat April 04, 2017               The United States Navy (USN) has awarded U.S. aircraft maker Boeing a $2.2 billion contract modification for the construction of 17 new P-8A Poseidon Maritime Surveillance Aircraft, according to a U.S. Department of Defense press release. “The Boeing Co. (…) is being awarded a $2,196,638,752 modification to a previously awarded fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (…) for the manufacture and delivery of 17 Lot 8 full-rate production P-8A aircraft for the Navy,” the statement reads. Work on the new aircraft will occur through December 2020. The contract also covers lead parts for the USN, foreign military sales customers, and cooperative agreement partners. Overall, the Navy is slated to receive 78 P-8As, with around 50 delivered to the USN so far.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. The P-8A is a military variant of Boeing’s Next-Generation 737-800 commercial aircraft featuring advanced anti-submarine, anti-surface warfare, and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. It was designed by Boeing to replace the USN’s aging fleet of Lockheed P-3 Orion anti-submarine/maritime surveillance aircraft. According to Boeing, the P-8A “has twice the sonobuoy processing capability and can carry 30 percent more sonobuoys than any maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft currently flying.” The aircraft is also capable of controlling a number of unmanned aerial vehicles to extend sensor reach. Furthermore, I noted in February 2016: The P-8A has a range of up to 7,242 kilometers (4,500 miles) without refueling, reaches speeds of up to 490 knots, and can fly in the “harshest maritime flight regimes, including extended operations in icing environments,” Boeing boasts. The aircraft can carry several types of bombs, Raytheon Mark 54 lightweight torpedoes (…), mines, and depth charges, in addition to air-to-surface missiles installed on the underwing hardpoints. The new aircraft are also slated to be armed with the so-called High Altitude Anti-Submarine Warfare Weapon Capability (HAAWC), a new torpedo upgrade that can release a MK54 torpedo, fitted with an air-launched accessory kit that includes a GPS guidance system and folding wings, from altitudes of 30,000 feet (9,100 meters) or higher — it essentially turns the torpedoes into glide bombs. HAAWC would permit the P-8A to operate from higher altitudes during anti-submarine warfare operations, avoiding detection by enemy submarines. In comparison, P-3 Orion aircraft have to descend to an altitude of around 100 feet to release their torpedoes and engage targets exposing them to low-altitude anti-aircraft defenses. According to Flight Global, HAAWC is currently undergoing separation tests from the P-8A and a decision to commence low-rate production will be made shortly.  A first guided flight test is planned for later in the year. HAAWC would also be available for the Royal Australian Air Force and the Indian Air Force, both of which operate variants of Boeing’s sub-hunting aicraft. Topics Asia Defense Tags Anti-Submarine Warfare Boeing Boeing P-8 Poseidon High Altitude Anti-Submarine Warfare Weapon Capability US Navy Related Stories February 01, 2016 US Navy Orders 20 New Anti-Submarine Warfare Planes The contract covers 16 new aircraft for the U.S. Navy and four aircraft for the Royal Australian Air Force. Read Story Confirmed: India Signs $1 Billion Contract for 4 New Sub-Hunter Planes US and Japan Hold Naval Drills off Guam US and South Korea Conduct Anti-Submarine Warfare DrillThe Navy Will Struggle to Build Trump’s 350-Ship FleetVision for the Future US Fleet II: The Numbers Latest Blogs April 04, 2017 Cambodia Boosts Ties with China Amid Anxiety A sister cities agreement is only one component of a relationship with significant opportunities and risks for both sides. Read Post India Gets Serious About Mental Healthcare ProvisionRanking the Central Asian States as Investment DestinationsIndonesia Blows Up 81 Ships in War on Illegal FishingWhy China Is Fuming Over the Dalai Lama's Visit to TawangCorruption Scandal Rocks Indonesia-Philippines Warships Deal Latest Features April 03, 2017 Indonesia’s Unfolding Corruption Scandal The scandal could serve as a political turning point for President Joko Widodo. Read Feature North Korea's Most Important Submarine BaseChina's Belt and Road Enters the ArcticSaudi Arabia Pivots to Asia (For Now)Trump’s Real ASEAN TestNepal's India-China Balancing Act Put to the Test Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories April 01, 2017 Why Trump Should Go to APEC and EAS in Vietnam and the Philippines The strategic case is quite compelling.  Read Story April 01, 2017 Why the Taliban Cannot Win the Afghan War The group lacks one key asset: popular support from the Afghan people. Read Story March 31, 2017 Japan Eyes 'Counter-Attack' Capability Against North Korea Missile Threat Developing retaliatory capabilities will face political and financial headwinds in Japan. Read Story Interview March 17, 2017 Sebastian Rosato on the US-China 'Collision Course' Why the Notre Dame professor believes the U.S. and China cannot avoid security competition. Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 0 Fact Check Politics Did South Africa's President Purchase the World's Most Expensive Aircraft? A series of photographs purportedly showing a luxurious aircraft purchased by South African president Jacob Zuma are pictures of an unrelated airplane. 0 CLAIM President Zuma of South Africa purchased the world's most expensive plane. MOSTLY FALSE RATING MOSTLY FALSE WHAT'S TRUE Photographs show one of the world's most expensive passenger planes, a custom Boeing 747-8. WHAT'S FALSE This plane was not purchased by South African president Jacob Zuma. ORIGIN A series of photographs circulated online purportedly show a luxurious $400 million custom-built Boeing 747 that was purchased by South Africa president Jacob Zuma: President Zuma, is the current leader of South Africa. He has purchased the most expensive aircraft in the world for his own personal use and those of his hirelings and underlings. BOEING 747-8 for President Jacob Zuma Welcome aboard the custom-built plane that makes Air Force One look like The Wright Brothers’ first effort. These extraordinary images show an enormous jumbo jet that has been converted into a luxury home for ZUMA. Complete with bedrooms, multiple lounges and an on board restaurant. The custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost South African taxpayers $400million. Making it one of the most expensive purchases of all time. The jumbo jet would normally carry up to 600 passengers –but this version was built for just one insane man, although he will be able to fit dozens of guests. The level of luxury is out of this world. The plane wouldn’t look out of place on Cribs. Of course cable television and Internet are among the perks. No need to fight for sofa space either, just the 14 TVs dotted about the vessel. More sleeping space is provided in the “aeroloft” on the top deck of the vessel, with eight double beds for passengers who prefer to get some shut-eye on flights. You know it’s good when your plane has a stateroom. Look out for this baby flying above you. Does the United States of America provide aid to South Africa? Yup- over $571,000,000! Does Canada provide aid to South Africa? Yup – over $120,000,000! Enough to pay for this toy, with a little ($291,000,00) in change leftover. Isn’t it heartwarming to see how our “Foreign Aid” is benefiting the underprivileged of other countries. The above-reproduced message can be boiled down to two basic claims: The accompanying photographs show an airplane purchased by President Jacob Zuma. This $400 million Boeing 747-8 is the most expensive plane in the world.  Do the photographs show a plane owned by President Zuma? No.  These images do not show a plane owned by President Zuma. The picture showing the exterior of the plane was taken in December 2011 before a test flight of the aircraft for Lufthansa Airlines at the main airport in Frankfurt, Germany. The rest of the photographs capture a conceptual “VIP & Head of State” customized interior of a Boeing 747-8 VIP that was designed by luxury aviation designer Greenpoint Technologies, and these pictures have been circulating online since early 2015, more than a year before they were attached to President Zuma’s name.  Is this the most expensive plane in the world? Maybe. Maybe not. It’s certainly up there.  This plane was worth about $370 million before Greenpoint Technologies completed the interior refurbishment work. Although we have not been able to find the final price tag of the plane, it certainly does rank among the world’s most expensive aircrafts. One luxury airplane that could give this Boeing 747-8 a run for its money is a custom Airbus 340 that was reportedly purchased by Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov for an estimated $500 million.  Where did this rumor originate? This rumor may have started as a simple misunderstanding. Zuma’s presidential plane, a Boeing 737 called “Inkwazi,” was grounded several times due to mechanical problems, and the South African president requested a new luxury plane to replace it: A private bedroom suite, a bathroom and a conference room for eight people on board. These are just some of the specifications for a brand-new presidential jet that Armscor, the defence force’s acquisitions agency, is planning to buy for President Jacob Zuma, which could cost as much as R4 billion. Armscor officially announced the acquisition process on its website on Thursday with a request for information from people who may be able to supply the jet. The deadline is as early as November 20, which means information must be submitted by the time the Armscor acquisitions board meets next month. Secretary for defence Sam Gulube confirmed that the department had asked Armscor to procure a VIP jet for Zuma. He said specific requirements were submitted to his office by the SA air force. “We don’t know how much it’s going to cost. Any talk about cost of such a capability is unfounded, groundless and baseless. Armscor has requested information and will only know [about the cost] once that information is received.” In 2015, web sites such as Business Tech published articles exploring “what Zuma’s R4 billion plane could look like” that included photographs of unrelated luxury jets and speculation about which planes (including the aforementioned Boeing 747-8 VIP) he might potentially purchase. As of this writing, however, we have not turned up any confirmation that Zuma has splurged on a new luxury jet. In July 2016, Business Tech reported that Zuma had “ditched” his plan for a new jet and was leasing a plane for R2 million (about $150,000 USD). The Sunday Times reported in September 2016 that South Africa still had plans to purchase a new presidential plane for between R1-billion and R2.8-billion (between US$75 and $200 million). President Zuma stirred up controversy in 2015 when he requested a new luxury plane, but these pictures do not depict a $400 million aircraft purchased by the South African president. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Sources Fact Checker: Dan Evon Featured Image: Wikimedia Published: Apr 3rd, 2017 Sources: Rense.com.   “South African President Jacob Zuma’s $400 MILLION BOEING 747-8.”   &nbsp. Retrieved 31 March 2017. Huffington Post.   “Alisher Usmanov Private Jet: Russian Facebook Investor’s New Airbus A340 Could Cost $500 Million.”     6 June 2012. Jacinto, Leela.   “Abuse of Power: African Leaders and Their Flying Machines.”   &nbsp. France 24.   24 April 2016. Gibson, Erica.   “R4 Billion VIP Jet for Zuma?”     City Press.   11 August 2015. Business Tech.   “Zuma Ditches Presidential Plane for a Rental That Costs R2 Million a Month.”     25 July 2016. Hofstatter, Stephan.   “Zuma’s R500m Backup Boeing Is on Its Way.”     Sunday Times News.   11 September 2016. Zhang, Benjamin.   “This 747 Private Jet Is a Palace in the Sky.”     Business Insider.   2 April 2015. Rich and Richer.   “10 Most Outrageously Expensive Private Jets.”     4 May 2016. Hot off the press, straight to your inbox View All Featured Video DidEvelynFarkasJustLeakInformationConfirmingPresidentObamaSpiedonPresidentTrump? News Political News Mar 30th, 2017 Evelyn Farkas' 2 March 2017 MSNBC interview was decoupled from its context involving a 1 March 2017 article about efforts to preserve Obama-era intelligence. View All Most Searched 12K Did NBC Remove a Reference to Christ from an Interview with the Family of a Deceased Navy SEAL? Fact Check Political News Updated The interview segment in question appears to have been kept intact, without additional editing to remove references to Christ. 0 Man Found Dead in Belly of Python? News Tragedies Mar 29th, 2017 Police in Indonesia say that a missing man's body was discovered inside a seven-meter-long python. 0 Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States’ Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations? Fact Check Politics Updated Allegations of a "quid pro quo" deal giving Russia ownership of one-fifth of U.S. uranium deposits in exchange for $145 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation are unsubstantiated. 0 Narrow Brush with Human Traffickers at a Southern California IKEA? Fact Check Crime Mar 28th, 2017 A familiar urban legend about retail environments and human trafficking popped up again in a viral Facebook post about a Southern California IKEA store. 2K Happy April Fool’s Day! News Entertainment News Apr 1st, 2017 Here's a roundup of some of this year's best (or worst) April Fools Day pranks. View All Most Shared 14K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. 10K U.S. Senate Votes to Lift Ban on ‘Predator Control’ Hunting Practices in Alaska News Controversy Updated Now passed by both the House and Senate, H.J. Res. 69 nullifies federal protections for hibernating bears, denning wolves, and other predators on national preserves in Alaska. 14K Chair of House Science Committee Says the Journal ‘Science’ Is Not Objective News Political News Mar 29th, 2017 Chairman Lamar Smith dismissed commentary presented during testimony on climate change because it came from the journal Science — one of the oldest and most prestigious scientific publications in existence. 6K Winston Churchill on the Arts Fact Check Politics Updated Although a statement defending the importance of the arts is frequently attributed to Winston Churchill, the legendary British prime minister never uttered this phrase. 3K Did Evelyn Farkas Just Leak Information Confirming President Obama Spied on President Trump? News Political News Mar 30th, 2017 Evelyn Farkas' 2 March 2017 MSNBC interview was decoupled from its context involving a 1 March 2017 article about efforts to preserve Obama-era intelligence. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK ×
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Monday April 3rd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing 737 MAX to Join MIAT Mongolian Airlines Fleet By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 4, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing 737 MAX to Join MIAT Mongolian Airlines Fleet       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing 737 MAX to Join MIAT Mongolian Airlines Fleet ULAANBAATAR, Mongolia, April 3, 2017 – Boeing [NYSE: BA] and MIAT Mongolian Airlines (Mongolyn Irgenii Agaaryn Teever) today announced the airline’s decision to lease two 737 MAX airplanes from Avolon, a global aircraft leasing company. The airline plans to introduce the new 737 MAX airplanes in early 2019 as it looks to bolster its single-aisle fleet. “The 737 MAX will become a cornerstone in our fleet modernization strategy as we look to introduce new airplanes to our customers in the years to come,” said Tamir Tumurbaatar, President and CEO, MIAT Mongolian Airlines. “These fuel efficient airplanes will help us realize our goals of driving down operational costs and expanding the regional network, while also providing our valued customers and passengers with an unmatched flying experience.” MIAT is a leading national carrier dedicated to connecting Mongolia with the rest of the world by providing air transportation services of the highest quality, reliability and efficiency. Based in Ulaanbaatar, the airline currently operates a fleet of three Next-Generation 737s and two 767 airplanes. The Mongolian flag carrier is expected to operate the 737 MAX airplanes on its existing routes to South Korea, China, Japan, Russia, Germany and future new routes. “We will commence a new scheduled flight to Busan, South Korea beginning this summer and increase frequency for all flights toward Asian and European destinations to accommodate our peak travel season while continuously looking for new possibilities to open new markets in the coming years,” said Tumurbaatar. “MIAT Mongolian Airlines as well as Avolon are both valued Boeing customers and today’s milestone is the culmination of our longstanding partnership,” said Rick Anderson, vice president, Northeast Asia Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We are pleased to welcome MIAT Mongolian as our latest 737 MAX operator and we are confident these new airplanes will play an important role in their successful growth for many years to come.” “We are very pleased to enter into this partnership with MIAT Mongolian Airlines and support the modernisation and expansion of its fleet,” said Simon Hanson, Head of Asia, Avolon. “The 737 MAX will offer MIAT Mongolian Airlines a technically advanced and fuel efficient aircraft as it expands its regional network. We look forward to building on this agreement and working with MIAT Mongolian Airlines to support their growth in the years ahead.” The 737 MAX family of aircraft is designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. It incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX family is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,600 orders. About Avolon Headquartered in Ireland, with offices in the United States, Dubai, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, Avolon provides aircraft leasing and lease management services. Avolon is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Bohai Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a Chinese public company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. On 6 October, 2016, Avolon announced an agreement to acquire the aircraft leasing business of CIT Group which will create a leading aircraft leasing business with an owned, managed and committed fleet, on a pro forma basis as of 30 September 2016 of 868 aircraft valued at over $43 billion. Website: www.avolon.aero # # # Contacts: Kevin Yoo Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications +1 206-766-2906 kevin.k.yoo@boeing.com Sean Pattwell Avolon M:+852 9227 8321 avolon@fticonsulting.com     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 4, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 4, 2017 @ 5:13 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel, Trade NEXT ARTICLE → Boeing Business Jets, Government of Poland Sign Multi-Airplane Deal ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE LIFE@AT&T Podcast: An Inside Look at our Day of Service About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts LIFE@AT&T Podcast: An Inside Look at our Day of Service Boeing 737 MAX to Join MIAT Mongolian Airlines Fleet Boeing Business Jets, Government of Poland Sign Multi-Airplane Deal New Tools Available to Build Enterprise Apps for iOS Electricity Procurement in Moldova: Clarification © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 04 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing reports successful inaugural flight of its 787-10 Dreamliner aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 3, 2017 The Boeing (NYSE: BA) 787-10 Dreamliner, the newest and longest model of the 787 family, has completed a successful 4 hour 58 minute flight at Boeing South Carolina, the company said. Piloted by Boeing Test & Evaluation Capts. Tim Berg and Mike Bryan, the airplane performed tests on flight controls, systems, and handling qualities. The 787-10 will now undergo comprehensive flight testing before customer deliveries begin in the first half of 2018. The 787-10 has won 149 orders from nine customers across the globe including launch customer Singapore Airlines, Air Lease Corporation (ALC), All Nippon Airways (ANA), British Airways, Etihad Airways, EVA Air, GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and United Airlines. As an 18-foot (5.5-m) stretch of the 787-9, the 787-10 will deliver the 787 family´s preferred passenger experience and long range with 25% better fuel per seat and emissions than the airplanes it will replace and 10% better than current competition. The 787 Dreamliner family is a key part of Boeing´s twin-aisle airplane strategy. Since entering service in 2011, the 787 family has flown more than 152 million people on over 560 unique routes around the world, saving an estimated 14 billion pounds of fuel. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Related posts NOAA, Aurora partner on gravity measurement program April 3, 2017 Aurora Flight Sciences´ Centaur optionally-piloted aircraft (OPA) is supporting NOAA´s new airborne gravity survey efforts... Ranger Aerospace celebrates 20th anniversary April 3, 2017 Ranger Aerospace, a private equity consolidator and management holding company specializing in aerospace operations and... VisitBritain, Marketing Manchester, Virgin Atlantic partner to promote new routes to Manchester, UK April 3, 2017 Virgin Atlantic, VisitBritain, and Marketing Manchester have joined forces in a two-year partnership to promote... Saker Aviation reports revenue of USD 14.7m in 2016 April 3, 2017 Saker Aviation Services, Inc. (SKAS), an aviation services company specializing in ground-based services to the... SuperShuttle to discount summer rates on airport transportation April 3, 2017 SuperShuttle, the nation´s largest airport ride service, is offering customers the opportunity to get rewarded... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « US Navy awards Elbit Systems of America USD 50m contract for HDTS, CCIP mission processor Mechanics to vote on ExpressJet/ASA final offer » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store MARKETSMITH FREE ACCESS April 3 - 9 Try It Now! Some users have reported issues with ad blockers. If you’re unable to sign in, please disable all ad blockers and try again. News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Leaders & Success Philip G. Johnson Put Boeing, War Production On A Higher Plane SCOTT S. SMITH 4/03/2017 Reprints Philip G. Johnson was flying high in 1934 as the 39-year-old chairman of United Aircraft and Transport, a conglomerate holding Boeing (BA)) and engine-maker Pratt & Whitney. Then he and other airline executives were charged by the U.S. government with price-gouging over the cost of carrying mail, barring them from working in the industry for five years. Philip G. Johnson began expanding Boeing's production facilities in anticipation of wartime needs. (Boeing) Johnson moved to Canada to help create what would become Air Canada. In 1939, however, the feds invited Johnson back to the U.S. to help gear up production for the war in Europe. Boeing headed up a consortium that eventually would turn out its B-17 Flying Fortress and B-29 Superfortress, which destroyed Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, though Johnson didn't live to see the victory. "He was a pioneering visionary who was ahead of his time," Patrick K. O'Donnell, author of "Washington's Immortals" and an expert in wartime leadership, told IBD. "He really understood the design, supply chain, manufacture and marketing of aircraft, as well as how to build and manage an excellent team of subordinates that blossomed into a world-class corporation." Johnson (1894-1944) grew up in Seattle, the son of Swedish immigrants. After graduating from the University of Washington with a degree in mechanical engineering in 1917, he was recruited by William Boeing to be a draftsman at the fledgling Boeing Co. Boeing made everything from flying boats to furniture, and in the 1920s and '30s manufactured early fighter planes for the U.S. Army and Navy. Johnson's leadership skills were noticed by the founder and he was promoted rapidly. He was named superintendent after three years, then vice president, and he became president in 1926, when he was just 31. "He had a gift for seeing the bigger picture, while keeping careful track of the details," said Guillaume de Syon, professor of history at Albright College in Reading, Pa. "He had a casual, matter-of-fact attitude that made him approachable by subordinates, while he concentrated on building the company and maintaining good relations with other manufacturers and the government." In 1930, the three largest airlines — United Aircraft and Transport (later to become United (UAL)), American (AAL), and Transcontinental & Western Air (later TWA) — were given contracts to carry mail. They were expected to lower the cost of airmail, and they delivered, cutting the price to less than half. Forced Out "But in February 1934, the newly elected Democratic Congress began to crack down on perceived monopolies in the airline industry," according to HistoryLink.org. "To this end, the government canceled all private airmail contracts, putting delivery in the hands of poorly equipped Army pilots and forcing the Boeing Company to dissolve United (later that year, United Airlines was reincorporated as an independent company). In the process, Johnson, who had spent much of his time in New York and Chicago conducting United's business, was forced out of the company." The inexperienced Army pilots and terrible weather combined to cause 12 deaths in the first 78 days. The airlines got the mail business back on condition that they separate aircraft-making and the carrying of freight. While their executives were allowed back after the five-year ban was lifted in 1939, it wouldn't be until 1941 that courts ruled there had been no collusion or fraud in pricing. The new discounted prices, however, made carrying mail unprofitable, prompting the airlines to seek passengers as another revenue stream, jump-starting modern air travel. In the meantime, Johnson helped found Trans-Canada Air Lines. "Nowhere was his organizing genius more evident," said HistoryLink.org. "Within 18 months Canada had a national airline that compared favorably to United or any of the other large carriers in the United States." Johnson returned to Boeing as president at a time when it was a leader in building cutting-edge planes for the booming passenger airlines. These included the Clipper, a massive flying boat for Pan American World Airways, and the Stratoliner for Pan Am and TWA, which had a pressurized cabin that allowed it to cruise at 20,000 feet, above most bad weather. Johnson also greenlighted the building of a wind tunnel to test out new designs, an expensive experiment that gave Boeing a substantial advantage over competitors. The Arsenal Of Democracy Johnson didn't wait for the war contracts. "Start building planes," he told workers in the conflict's early days, and he began expanding facilities to prepare for massive production. After World War I, the military had scaled back to just 438,000 active members. President Franklin D. Roosevelt would increase the number of soldiers and sailors to over 16 million. Weapons underwent a similar revolution, as he challenged titans of industry to drive production to meet astounding goals in just a few years. Leaders like Johnson turned out 300,000 planes, 70,000 ships, and 86,000 tanks. In today's dollar equivalent, the GDP almost doubled from $1.5 trillion in 1938 to $2.7 trillion by 1945. The company received its first order of B-17s for the French in Spring 1940. Only a few dozen were built for the U.S. military before the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor brought the U.S. into the war in December 1941. Boeing led the consortium of Douglas Aircraft and Lockheed Vega that manufactured 12,731 of the B-17s. Each could carry 9,600 pounds of bombs and they would drop 640,000 tons on Germany, half of the American total. The B-17 also was used early in the war against Japan. "He first put together a highly efficient production system, the genius of which is still being rediscovered and applied to the way Boeing builds planes today," said Boeing historian Michael Lombardi. "Then his leadership skills enabled the creation of the joint-production program that welded together corporations that before the war had been competitors, making them into a seamless production juggernaut." Johnson also made plans to deploy for commercial purposes what Boeing had learned in working for the military, after the war was over. Variations of the B-29 eventually were put into use as transport planes and commercial airliners. The Superfortress was at that time the most advanced four-engine aircraft ever made, with a budget greater than the Manhattan Project that developed the atomic bomb. The B-29 Superfortress could carry 20,000 pounds of bombs at a range of about 3,250 miles. Its top speed was 350 mph and it could fly at an altitude of 31,850 feet. At that height it was effectively out of the reach of Japanese fighters and difficult for the enemy's anti-aircraft batteries to hit. "There were many entirely new features in the Superfortress, including the Model 117 wing design, which greatly increased efficiency and performance," wrote Bill Yenne in "The Story of the Boeing Company." "Computers were introduced — a computerized, remote-control gun-aiming system. There was also the innovative 'three bubble' system of pressurizing for the crew spaces, allowing it to operate at higher altitudes." Boeing and the government decided to concentrate the entire fleet of B-29s in the Pacific theater. In March 1944, the 600 employees at Boeing's Wichita, Kan., plant began working in round-the-clock shifts for a month to make a deadline to produce 175 of the B-29s. In June, the planes flew from China on the first strategic bombing missions against the Japanese home islands. Eventually, about 4,000 of the planes would be produced, with most used against Japan. While overseeing Boeing, Johnson also acted as CEO of Seattle truck manufacturer Kenworth, which he had helped during the years when he was barred from the aircraft/airline business. By September 1944, the work had taken its toll, and Johnson suffered a stroke at age 49 while at the Wichita plant. When his death was announced, aircraft workers across America stood in silence to honor his memory. A year later, it was a B-29 that dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, and three days later another one of the planes released a second A-bomb on Nagasaki, bringing the war to an end. "To air power purists and to many historians," Yenne said, "the B-29 — and not the two atomic bombs dropped by B-29s — was the weapon that defeated Japan." Said Lombardi of Johnson: "He poured all of his energy, his last full measure, into the grand and noble cause of building the air power that broke the back of tyranny and shortened the war." Johnson's Keys Transformed Boeing into a World War II powerhouse, turning out B-17s and B-29s that helped turn the tide. Overcame: The need to ramp up production to meet seemingly impossible war goals. Lesson: Don't wait for a written agreement if your gut tells you that you need to start now. "He not only led his company and subcontractors to push the edge of aeronautic science and large-scale manufacturing, they continually upgraded their products as they were being built, despite the unprecedented demands." — Bill Yenne, "The Story of the Boeing Company." MORE ABOUT LEADERS & SUCCESS: Eddie Rickenbacker's Daring, Determination Took Him To Aviation's Heights Igor Sikorsky's Dream Took Flight With The Helicopter Jimmy Doolittle Wrecked Japan's Invincible Image Gail Halvorsen Bombed Berlin With Candy During The 1940s Airlift Share this: Related news (Shutterstock) How To Keep Your Retirement Plan's GPS On Track 3/31/2017 There have been scarier markets, but have there been weirder ones? How you should cope. 3/31/2017 There have been scarier markets, but have there been weirder... Lockheed Stock Hits Buy Point After Trump Reverses This Obama Move What To Expect From The Air Force's Secret New Bomber Lockheed F-35s Doing 'Exceedingly Well' In South Korea As North Threatens Dow's Boeing, FANG's Facebook, Alphabet, Amazon Started At Buy Is This Top Dow Stock Offering New Buy Point? Stocks Open Lower; Accenture Slips; FireEye Gets Upgrade Navy May Add Strike, Surveillance Back To Carrier-Based Drone The Bull Case For Tax Cuts If ObamaCare Repeal Fails Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Free Access Week Get free access to MarketSmith this week only. Make smarter investing decisions. Register now! IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Sacramento (4/8) or Chicago (4/22) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! Catch Big Winners! Get the 3 steps to finding top stocks in MarketSmith. Plus see recent stocks with 20%+ gains. More News Which Companies Are Now Outperforming 95% Of All Stocks? Share-price gains by video game maker Activision Blizzard have helped boost performance by American Century Growth Fund this year. (Activision Publishing) This Top Stock Mutual Fund Cheers Retirement Investors With Gains Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country President Trump's approval rating dropped sharply in the latest IBD/TIPP poll. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  TVNZ OnDemand 1 NEWS NOW   News Latest New Zealand World Entertainment Sport Latest Rugby League Football Netball Cricket Basketball Golf Tennis Other Sport weather live streams send us your story 1 NEWS team follow us News Sport Weather ° / ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Latest New Zealand World Entertainment World Watch: Next-generation Boeing and Airbus planes take to the skies on the same day share         Source: Saturday proved to be an important day for the international aviation industry with Boeing and Airbus both conducting first test flights of new passenger planes. The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner is claimed to be economic to operate while offering more room for passengers. Source: Boeing In the US Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner, designed for long-haul flights, took to the skies from North Charleston, South Carolina for an hour-long test flight. "This is a big big milestone for us and our customers,"  Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenberg is quoted as saying by Business Insider Australia. Boeing has 149 orders for the plane which has a price tag of $US312.8 million ($NZ446.5 million). On the same day in Germany Airbus' A319neo took to the skies from Hamburg. The plane flew to the Airbus headquarters in Toulouse, France. Airbus has 55 orders for the new plane, designed for short to medium range flights, which will cost $US99.5 million ($NZ142 million) each. Related Travel Technology no more content back to top loading error refresh LATEST POPULAR FEATURED news 04:18 1 State of Emergency declared in Whanganui District, residents told to brace for 'significant flooding' 2 Live stream: 1 NEWS at 6pm 00:50 3 Hobby-horsing: The bizarre new craze sweeping Scandinavia 4 'We hope he makes it to his 14th birthday' - West Coast family's desperate bid to hold onto cancer stricken son, and help him fulfil bucket list 00:53 5 Watch: Is this the next Usain Bolt? Jamaican 12-year-old crushes rivals in 200m race 00:46 'Stupidly expensive' – 1 NEWS presenter outraged at cost of teaching children to swim Daniel Faitaua can't believe it costs so much to teach a potentially life-saving skill. 01:00 Would you pay higher rates to help pay for swimming lessons for kids? Christchurch City Council is considering free lessons for children as part of making its recreation facilities more accessible. 05:27 What does it mean for Donald Trump if Michael Flynn testifies? 1 NEWS US correspondent Rebecca Wright brings us the latest from another fascinating few days on planet Trump. Winter is coming! And I'm nervous - Whanganui family prepares for the cooler months ahead without the supermarket Our columnist Lydia Harvey and her family are preparing to head into winter solely relying on the produce of their garden. 01:21 Farewell to a TVNZ legend Martin Tasker: Thanks for the 25 years of memories The old sea dog and voice of America's Cup is setting sail.   Top Copyright © TVNZ   Join the conversation and follow 1 NEWS on Facebook   Rolling stories and updates from the 1 NEWS team   Download the 1 NEWS app for iPhone, iPad and Android   Send us your footage or share your story with us Shows & Channels TVNZ 1 TVNZ 2 TVNZ OnDemand DUKE Kidzone Shortland Street Home and Away Kiwi Living 1 NEWS NOW TVNZ OnDemand Content Highlights Apps TVNZ OnDemand App for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch TVNZ OnDemand App for selected Samsung mobile and tablet devices TVNZ OnDemand App for Windows 10 devices 1 News Now on your mobile device TVNZ Info About TVNZ TVNZ Advertising Blacksand Media Releases Careers TVNZ Licensing Access Services Shop.TVNZ Help & More Contact TVNZ Contact TVNZ OnDemand TVNZ FAQ TVNZ OnDemand Help House Rules Competition Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy The Green Room
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Strategic Planning & Execution > Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan Apr 2, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The plane’s drama-free performance brought relief to Boeing officials after delays marred the first Dreamliner’s debut in 2011. Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co.’s newest and largest 787 Dreamliner took wing Friday, dipping and soaring for almost five hours above South Carolina during its first flight. The plane’s drama-free performance brought relief to Boeing officials after delays marred the first Dreamliner’s debut in 2011. The 787-10 even took off nearly 30 minutes earlier than scheduled, at around 9:37 a.m. local time, as if to accentuate the improved development. Stiffer headwinds may lie ahead as the carbon-composite jetliner enters the market next year. The 787-10 figures significantly in Boeing’s efforts to wipe away $27.3 billion in production losses lingering from the Dreamliner program’s rocky beginning. But sales have slowed for larger twin-engine aircraft that ply international routes as cheaper fuel and a glut of similarly sized used Boeing 777s and Airbus Group SE A330s sap demand. The maiden voyage is “a big, big milestone for us and our customers,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a company webcast of the event. “We’re bringing innovation to the marketplace.” Boeing’s most technically advanced jetliner is no stranger to the spotlight. The plane made its public debut last month serving as the backdrop for President Donald Trump’s address at Boeing’s North Charleston factory. The aircraft is the third Dreamliner model, an aircraft family boasting hulls made of spun-carbon fiber and cabin-humidity levels that lessen jet lag. It’s the first Boeing plane to be manufactured outside of the Seattle area. Popular Now Five Steps to Improved Manufacturing Quality Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Friday’s flight went according to plan as the pilots worked through a check list and positioned the aircraft for photographs taken by a chase plane. “We had a great plan, we had a great team, we had a great jet and we went out and flew it,” Captain Tim Berg said after the flight. Jet Debuts It was the third initial flight in a busy week of commercial-jet debuts. The A319neo, the smallest of Airbus’s upgraded single-aisle jets, also took wing for the first time Friday. Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA celebrated the first flight of its E195-E2 on Wednesday. The 787-10 is the first of three aircraft that Boeing is readying in South Carolina for flight-testing. If the planes perform as expected, the Chicago-based manufacturer will gain a direct competitor to the sleek Airbus A350-900, which is made of carbon-composite panels. “It starts to step on the very crisp, clean new competitor that Airbus has out,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. The new Dreamliner stretches 224 feet (68 meters), eight feet longer than its European rival, and its cabin capacity of 330 travelers is designed to carry five more people than the Airbus plane. But the A350 has a longer range and has outsold the 787-10, garnering 602 sales to 149 for the Boeing aircraft. While Airbus had the benefit of launching its jet years earlier, the European planemaker has struggled to speed production amid supplier shortages. The 787-10 won a key campaign with Singapore Airlines last month and could pad its order book further if its market entry next year proceeds as smoothly as initial production, Ferguson said. Cash Need Boeing is counting on the 787-10 to mirror the drama-free development of the 737 Max and 787-9, all products of a disciplined process it fashioned for new planes following the delay-plagued debut of the 787-8 nearly six years ago. The new jet is the most expensive Dreamliner yet, with a list price of $312.8 million, and its market entry should coincide with growing profits for the aircraft family. The planemaker has just started to generate cash from its marquee jet after a decade, and will need to record an average profit of about $35 million per plane over the next 779 Dreamliners to avoid having to report an accounting loss for the program. Company executives insist they can get there by combining savings from suppliers with higher pricing on the 787-9 and 787-10 models, the Dreamliners with the greatest profit potential. The variants share about 95% of the same design-and-build processes, honed after Boeing’s troubles delivering the initial 787-8 more than three years late in 2011. Doing so meant the newest 787 and its tooling felt familiar to Boeing mechanics in South Carolina. “It’s almost anti-climactic because it just went so smoothly,” Mark Jenks, a Boeing vice president and general manager of the 787 program, said Friday. “This doesn’t happen a lot of times in a Boeing career. We have learned a lot across our development programs.”       Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing Halts Test Flights of Delay-Plagued 787 Dreamliner Boeing Completes Flight to Test 787 Battery Fix 1 Boeing 787 Dreamliner Suffers Engine Failure; NTSB Investigates Boeing Resumes 787 Dreamliner Deliveries Following Battery Fix Boeing Begins Building Longer Dreamliner Airplane Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Tesla's Stock Value Hits Record, Beats Ford Trump Visa Changes Toughen Hiring of Foreign Programmers No H-1B, No Problem: Tech Companies Set up Foreign Workers in Sunny Guadalajara Ford, Chrysler Sales Disappoint as Cars Plunge US Manufacturing Keeps Expanding at Robust Pace Tesla Beats Estimate with 25,000 Deliveries as Model 3 Nears More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 31, 2017 Exclusive Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE 1 Just blocks from his new office (no longer “palatial” and no longer in Connecticut), General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt goes long on digital disruption, how to operate globally after all these years, and how the Trump Administration could affect manufacturing for years to come....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE Amid Political Rhetoric, More US Jobs Departing for Mexico Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan The Missing Link Between Manufacturing Data and Profitability Working with High School Students, and Other Wisdom from a Super-Trainer IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:30pm Tue 4 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Battle of the airliners: Boeing, Airbus debut new planes 12:24 PM Monday Apr 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airbus Group Aviation Boeing The 787-10's maiden flight is "a big, big milestone for us and our customers," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. Photo / Boeing Boeing debuted a new, larger 787 Dreamliner on Friday in South Carolina. The 787-10 is significant to Boeing as it tries to wipe away US$27.3 billion in losses that have existed since the Dreamliner programme began, Bloomberg reported. Sales have slowed for larger twin-engine aircraft on international routes as cheaper fuel and similarly sized used Boeing 777s and Airbus Group SE A330s sap demand. The 787-10's maiden flight is "a big, big milestone for us and our customers", chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said during a live webcast of the event. "We're bringing innovation to the marketplace." The 787-10 is the third Dreamliner model, an aircraft family boasting hulls made of spun-carbon fibre and cabin-humidity levels that lessen jet lag, Bloomberg reported. It is the first Boeing plane to be manufactured outside the Seattle area. Business Insider reported the new Dreamliner's flight coincided with a test flight of Airbus' newest airliner. The Airbus A319 takes off on its maiden flight. Photo / Airbus The Airbus A319neo made its maiden test flight from Hamburg, Germany to Airbus' headquarters in Toulouse, France. The single-aisle plane is the smallest member of Airbus' next generation neo or new engine option series of airliners. @Airbus Thank you Airbus, & a huge congrats to you as well. We both work towards connecting the world & are making our industry stronger. #aviation— Boeing Airplanes (@BoeingAirplanes) March 31, 2017 Business Insider reported the A319neo's maiden flight was used to assess the aircraft's general handling characteristics and the functionality of its main systems. Even though the flight took off from Hamburg, the A319neo prototype's test programme will be based out of Toulouse. - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate No consequences for youth offenders: Peters No consequences for youth offenders, Winston Peters says Hawke's Bay Today Bespoke accounting solutions provider wins national award Helm Business Information Systems has won the MYOB Advanced Partner of the Year award… Bay of Plenty Times Paper makes finals in prestigious media awards The Bay of Plenty Times is a finalist in two major categories of the Canon Media Awards… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Five first impressions of HSV's Clubsport V8 swansong We get our first taste of HSV's 30th-Anniversary range with the final ever Clubsport… Viva Where to go: Bedford Soda and Liquor, Takapuna Ponsonby Central favourite Bedford Soda and Liquor has expanded to Takapuna True Commercial City office floor for lease in Wellington An entire office floor in a prime location in Wellington is available for lease. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 04 Apr 2017 18:53:53 Processing Time: 117ms
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Helicopter Blade Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2021   View as PDF  Print View    The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, helicopter rotor and tail blade manufacturers, helicopter OEMs, and end users, such as oil & gas companies, military division of countries. PUNE, INDIA - April 4, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Helicopter Blade Market Studies the global helicopter blade market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 The Global Helicopter Blade Market: Highlights The helicopter rotor blade performs the same function as an airplane's wing. It provides lift as the blades rotate. A helicopter pilot can affect the lift by changing the rotor's revolutions per minute or its angle of attack, which refers to the angle of the rotary wing in relation to the oncoming wind. Rotor blades are made out of various materials, including aluminum, composites, steel, or titanium, with abrasion shields along the leading edge. The composite materials' potential in the structural applications has been recognized since long by the Helicopter manufacturers. Military helicopters use composites ranging from 50% to 80% of the total airframe weight. The usage of composites varies significantly in civil helicopters. Some civil helicopter manufacturers are using composites extensively whereas some are using them mainly in the non-structural applications. But, in rotor and tail blades, composite materials are gaining market traction and replacing traditional materials, such as aluminum and steel. The global helicopter blade (rotor and tail) market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing demand of helicopters in the developing regions, such as China and India, technology advancement, recovering oil & gas prices are the key drivers in the global helicopter blade market. Composite materials are increasingly used in both the rotor and tail blades of Helicopters. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557584 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, helicopter rotor and tail blade manufacturers, helicopter OEMs, and end users, such as oil & gas companies, military division of countries. The raw material manufacturers are Rio Tinto, Toray, AGY Holdings, Owens Corning, Hexcel, and Rohacell. The key helicopter OEMs are Eurocopter (A division of EADS), Bell Helicopter, Sikorsky Aircraft (A division of United Technologies Co.), Robinson, Boeing, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, and Kaman Aerospace. There are independent rotor and tail blade manufacturers as well as OEMs with in-house blade manufacturing capability. Most of the OEMs are currently having captive manufacturing of both rotor and tail blades. They do not sell rotor and tail blades to other OEMs. The key helicopter blade manufacturers are Bell Helicopter, Boeing Helicopter, Carson Helicopters, Ducommun AeroStructures, Eagle Technologies, Eurocopter, GKN Aerospace, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Kaman Aerosystems, Robinson Helicopter Co., Sikorsky Aircraft, and Van Horn Aviation. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology Our reports offer high quality insights and are the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with Stratview Research's internal database and statistical tools. More than 500 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: o Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis o Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis o Market trend and forecast analysis o Market segment trend and forecast o Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. o Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities o Emerging trends o Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players o Key success factors For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com The global helicopter blade market is segmented into the following categories. Global Helicopter BladeMarket by Helicopter Type: o Civil Helicopter o Military Helicopter o Both (Civil / Military Helicopter) Global Helicopter Blade Market by Engine Type: o Turbine o Piston Global Helicopter Blade Market by Blade Type o Rotor Blade o Tail Blade Global Helicopter Blade Market by DesignType o Symmetrical Helicopter Blade o Under Cambered Helicopter Blade Global Helicopter Blade Market by MaterialType o Glass Fiber Composites o Carbon Fiber Composites o Other Materials Global Helicopter Blade Market by Manufacturing Process o Sandwich Construction Process o Other Processes Global Helicopter Blade Market by Region o North America o Europe o Asia - Pacific o Rest of the World Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: o Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by material type o Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace helicopter blade market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico o Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/helicopter-blade-market-global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2021/182960 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 182960 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Ethyl Acetate Market: Industry Analysis, Trend, Demand and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Vacuum Insulation Panels Market Growth Opportunities, Key Driving Factors, Market Scenario and Forecast to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Food Grade Alcohol Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Web Real-Time Communication Market to Grow at CAGR Of 3.67% According to Forecast from 2017 to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) PLACE Real Estate Team In Vancouver BC Launch Stunning Real Estate Website Showcasing MLS Listings (Tue 4th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Helicopter Blade Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021   View as PDF  Print View    The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, helicopter rotor and tail blade manufacturers, helicopter OEMs, and end users, such as oil & gas companies, military division of countries. PUNE, INDIA – April 4, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Helicopter Blade Market Studies the global helicopter blade market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 The Global Helicopter Blade Market: Highlights The helicopter rotor blade performs the same function as an airplane’s wing. It provides lift as the blades rotate. A helicopter pilot can affect the lift by changing the rotor’s revolutions per minute or its angle of attack, which refers to the angle of the rotary wing in relation to the oncoming wind. Rotor blades are made out of various materials, including aluminum, composites, steel, or titanium, with abrasion shields along the leading edge. The composite materials’ potential in the structural applications has been recognized since long by the Helicopter manufacturers. Military helicopters use composites ranging from 50% to 80% of the total airframe weight. The usage of composites varies significantly in civil helicopters. Some civil helicopter manufacturers are using composites extensively whereas some are using them mainly in the non-structural applications. But, in rotor and tail blades, composite materials are gaining market traction and replacing traditional materials, such as aluminum and steel. The global helicopter blade (rotor and tail) market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing demand of helicopters in the developing regions, such as China and India, technology advancement, recovering oil & gas prices are the key drivers in the global helicopter blade market. Composite materials are increasingly used in both the rotor and tail blades of Helicopters. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557584 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, helicopter rotor and tail blade manufacturers, helicopter OEMs, and end users, such as oil & gas companies, military division of countries. The raw material manufacturers are Rio Tinto, Toray, AGY Holdings, Owens Corning, Hexcel, and Rohacell. The key helicopter OEMs are Eurocopter (A division of EADS), Bell Helicopter, Sikorsky Aircraft (A division of United Technologies Co.), Robinson, Boeing, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, and Kaman Aerospace. There are independent rotor and tail blade manufacturers as well as OEMs with in-house blade manufacturing capability. Most of the OEMs are currently having captive manufacturing of both rotor and tail blades. They do not sell rotor and tail blades to other OEMs. The key helicopter blade manufacturers are Bell Helicopter, Boeing Helicopter, Carson Helicopters, Ducommun AeroStructures, Eagle Technologies, Eurocopter, GKN Aerospace, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Kaman Aerosystems, Robinson Helicopter Co., Sikorsky Aircraft, and Van Horn Aviation. New product development, collaboration with OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology Our reports offer high quality insights and are the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with Stratview Research’s internal database and statistical tools. More than 500 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 10 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: o Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis o Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis o Market trend and forecast analysis o Market segment trend and forecast o Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. o Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities o Emerging trends o Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players o Key success factors For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com The global helicopter blade market is segmented into the following categories. Global Helicopter BladeMarket by Helicopter Type: o Civil Helicopter o Military Helicopter o Both (Civil / Military Helicopter) Global Helicopter Blade Market by Engine Type: o Turbine o Piston Global Helicopter Blade Market by Blade Type o Rotor Blade o Tail Blade Global Helicopter Blade Market by DesignType o Symmetrical Helicopter Blade o Under Cambered Helicopter Blade Global Helicopter Blade Market by MaterialType o Glass Fiber Composites o Carbon Fiber Composites o Other Materials Global Helicopter Blade Market by Manufacturing Process o Sandwich Construction Process o Other Processes Global Helicopter Blade Market by Region o North America o Europe o Asia – Pacific o Rest of the World Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: o Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by material type o Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace helicopter blade market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico o Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/helicopter-blade-market-global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2021/182960 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557584-global-helicopter-blade-market-opportunity-2016-2021 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 182960 Recent Press Releases By The Same User PLACE Real Estate Team In Vancouver BC Launch Stunning Real Estate Website Showcasing MLS Listings (Tue 4th Apr 17) Who Has The Cheapest Auto Insurance Upgrades Location Engine To Make Local Promotions Easier To Find (Tue 4th Apr 17) Aerospace & Defense Water and Waste System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Airport Lighting Market to Grow at CAGR Of 7.6% According to Forecast from 2017 to 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Global Smart Waste Management Sales Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Passenger Boarding Bridge (PBB) Market by Application (Airport, Seaport), Drive System, Structure, Product and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Passenger Boarding Bridge (PBB) Market by Application (Airport, Seaport), Drive System, Structure, Product and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Plantronics Opens New Office in the Netherlands Purpose-Built to Showcase the Benefits and Best Practices Associated With ‘Smarter Working’ Asia-Pacific Carbon Copy Paper Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Diet Doc’s Dr. Rao Discusses the Popular „Egg Diet” and Recommends Better Weight Loss Solutions Restamax Oyj: RESTAMAXIN TILINPÄÄTÖS, SELVITYS HALLINTO- JA OHJAUSJÄRJESTELMÄSTÄ SEKÄ PALKKA- JA PALKKIOSELVITYS 2016 JULKAISTU Restamax Plc: RESTAMAX’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT AND REMUNERATION STATEMENT FOR 2016 HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    C-class aerospace parts are segmented into four major heads which are hardware parts, bearing parts, electronic components and machined parts for both commercial and military aircraft. PUNE, INDIA – April 4, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market global aerospace and defense C-Class parts market over the period 2010 to 2021. The report provides detailed insights on the market dynamics to enable informed business decision making and growth strategy formulation based on the opportunities present in the market. The Global Aerospace and Defense C-Class Parts Market: Highlights Aerospace and defense C-class parts market includes low cost and high volume commodity parts such as fasteners and bearing parts. It is sometimes called as Pan Stock. C-class aerospace parts are segmented into four major heads which are hardware parts, bearing parts, electronic components and machined parts for both commercial and military aircraft. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 Fasteners are major components in the aerospace and defense C-Class parts market which fall under the hardware segment. Bearing parts include mainly control bearings, ball bearings, and roller bearings. Electronic components include mainly connectors, relays, switches, circuit breakers, and lighted products. Machined parts include mainly brackets, milled parts, shims, stampings, and tuned parts. Changing dynamics in the global aerospace and defense industry have an impact on the C-Class parts market. For instance, major OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus are incorporating high amount of composite materials in their next generation aircraft. Composites rich aircraft generally require the use of significantly fewer C-class parts than aircraft made of traditional non-composite materials. The parts used in next generation aircraft are generally priced higher than C class aerospace parts used in non-composite aircraft structures. The global aerospace & defense C-class parts market offers a healthy growth opportunity during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. Increasing commercial and regional aircraft deliveries, technology advancement, and growing aerospace and defense fleet size are the key drivers in the global aerospace & defense C-class parts market. Hardware parts are expected to remain dominant in the global aerospace & defense c-class parts markets in the next five years, mainly driven by the demand of fasteners and bolts. North America is expected to remain the leading region in the aerospace & defense c-class parts market since it is the manufacturing hub of the major tier players and aerospace & defense OEMs. Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=557581 The supply chain of this market comprises raw material manufacturers, c-class part manufacturers, distributors, tier players, aerospace OEMs, and airline companies. The key distributors are Wesco Aircraft, Kellstrom industries, and Aviall Services. The key aerospace OEMs are Boeing, Airbus, Comac, Bombardier, Embraer, ATR, Lockheed Martin, Cessna, and Gulfstream. The key aerospace & defense C-class part manufacturers are Precision Casts Parts, Alcoa Global Fasteners, B E Aerospace, Eaton Corporation, Monogram Aerospace Fasteners, Amphenol Corporation, and Vought Aircraft Industries (Part of Triumph Group). New product development, collaboration with tier players and OEMs, and long term contacts are the key strategies adopted by the key players to gain competitive edge in the market. Research Methodology This report offers high quality insights and is the outcome of detailed research methodology comprising extensive secondary research, rigorous primary interviews with industry stakeholders and validation and triangulation with internal database and statistical tools. More than 2,000 authenticated secondary sources, such as company annual reports, fact book, press release, journals, investor presentation, white papers, patents, and articles have been leveraged to gather the data. More than 15 detailed primary interviews with the market players across the value chain in the all four regions and industry experts have been executed to obtain both the qualitative and quantitative insights. Report Features This report provides market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. It provides critical insights on the market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing market players as well as those willing to enter the market. The following are the key features of the report: o Market structure: Overview, industry life cycle analysis, supply chain analysis o Market environment analysis: Growth drivers and constraints, Porter’s five forces analysis, SWOT analysis o Market trend and forecast analysis o Market segment trend and forecast o Competitive landscape and dynamics: Market share, product portfolio, product launches, etc. o Attractive market segments and associated growth opportunities o Emerging trends o Strategic growth opportunities for the existing and new players o Key success factors For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 The global aerospace & defense C-Class parts market is segmented into the following categories. Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Aircraft Type: o Commercial Aircraft o Regional Aircraft o General Aviation o Helicopter o Military Aircraft Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Parts Type: o Hardware Parts o Bearing Parts o Electronic Components o Machined Parts Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Sales Channel o Direct Sales o Distributors o Parts Brokers Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by End Use o OEM o Aftermarket Global Aerospace & Defense C-Class Parts Market by Region o North America o Europe o Asia – Pacific o Rest of the World For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Report Customization Options With this detailed report, Stratview Research offers one of the following free customization options to our respectable clients: o Regional Segmentation o Current market segmentation of any one of the regions by aircraft type o Geographic Analysis o Breakdown of current North American aerospace & Defense C-Class parts market (2015) into US, Canada, and Mexico o Company Profiling o Detailed profiling of additional market players (upto 3) o SWOT analysis of key players (upto 3) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-aerospace-defense-c-class-parts-market-2017-industry-analysis-size-share-strategies-and-forecast-to-2021/182959 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/557581-global-aerospace-defense-c-opportunity-2016-2021 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 182959 Recent Press Releases By The Same User PLACE Real Estate Team In Vancouver BC Launch Stunning Real Estate Website Showcasing MLS Listings (Tue 4th Apr 17) Who Has The Cheapest Auto Insurance Upgrades Location Engine To Make Local Promotions Easier To Find (Tue 4th Apr 17) Aerospace & Defense Water and Waste System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Airport Lighting Market to Grow at CAGR Of 7.6% According to Forecast from 2017 to 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Global Smart Waste Management Sales Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Tue 4th Apr 17) Passenger Boarding Bridge (PBB) Market by Application (Airport, Seaport), Drive System, Structure, Product and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 (Tue 4th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Helicopter Blade Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Next PostNext Brookfield Investments Corporation Announces Acquisition of Additional Common Shares of Norbord Inc. Search Recent Posts Plantronics Opens New Office in the Netherlands Purpose-Built to Showcase the Benefits and Best Practices Associated With ‘Smarter Working’ Asia-Pacific Carbon Copy Paper Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Diet Doc’s Dr. Rao Discusses the Popular „Egg Diet” and Recommends Better Weight Loss Solutions Restamax Oyj: RESTAMAXIN TILINPÄÄTÖS, SELVITYS HALLINTO- JA OHJAUSJÄRJESTELMÄSTÄ SEKÄ PALKKA- JA PALKKIOSELVITYS 2016 JULKAISTU Restamax Plc: RESTAMAX’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT AND REMUNERATION STATEMENT FOR 2016 HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
New 787 completes first flight | Bangkok Post: news News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > Transport New 787 completes first flight 4 Apr 2017 at 08:34 5,372 viewed3 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: REUTERS A handout photo shows the Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner, the third member of the 787 Dreamliner family, flying during its first flight. Boeing Co via EPA - + NORTH CHARLESTON, South Carolina: Boeing Co's newest and largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, successfully made its first flight on Friday, kicking off a test programme for the high-tech jet. The plane, which sells for $312.8 million at list price and rounds out a family of three carbon-fiber composite Dreamliners, flew well, the pilots said. "We had a great flight," Captain Tim Berg said at a news conference after the flight. "The plane performed exactly like we thought it would." The flight was one of three initial voyages on Friday, joining the Airbus A319neo jetliner and the Antonov An-132D, a light turboprop military transport developed with Saudi Arabia. Boeing's 787-10 is being built at Boeing's factory in North Charleston, South Carolina, due to its large size. The facility is Boeing's only jetliner assembly factory outside of Washington state and, in contrast to the others, is not unionised. Last month, the new plane provided a dramatic backdrop for President Donald Trump's visit to the Boeing factory, where he promised to boost US manufacturing and punish companies for moving jobs overseas. Companies in Japan, China, Italy, Sweden, France and Britain produce many of the 787's major components, such as wings, fuselage sections and the rudder. Airlines can choose engines from General Electric Co of the United States, or Britain's Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc. The first 787-10 took off at 9.38 a.m. EDT and landed at 2.35 pm EDT. The plane is a second and final "stretch," of the original 787-8, which debuted in 2011. It is 18 feet (5.5 metres) longer than the 787-9 and seats 330 passengers, 40 more than the 787-9 and 88 more than the 787-8. The 787 has been a top seller, with 1,200 firm orders as airlines use it to open new routes between smaller cities that can be profitable with the fuel-efficient 787. Airbus SAS competes against the 787-10 with its A330neo, a remake of its older, aluminium-hulled A330 equipped with fuel-efficient engines. Both jets are optimised for shorter flights compared with other mid-sized, twin-aisle planes. After brisk initial sales, orders for both have slowed, with Airbus selling just over 220 of its A330neo. So far, the 787-10 has booked 149 orders from nine customers, about 12% of the total of firm orders. The mid-sized 787-9 has captured just over half the total. After spending 2017 in testing, the 787-10 is expected to enter service with airlines in 2018.  RECOMMENDED STORIES US ends UN agency funding over abortion issue Pirate iPhones seized near border 1 dead, 14 ill in New Zealand typhoid outbreak No prohibited items found in prison search Boy, 15, killed by shot fired from motorcycle gang Provincial poor may get transport aid Love-triangle murder suspect arrested 400 lodge class lawsuit against Ford Schaefer meets FAT president Somyot, eyes comeback Most Viewed 64,969 Foreigner falls to death at ... 62,421 Thailand on Trump's trade hit list 32,016 'Red Bull killer' due to meet ... 29,460 Tourists flock to Phanom Rung for ... 26,792 Village chief gets death penalty ... Recent NEWS Articles Anti-conscription activist Netiwit seeks deferment Meeting to discuss ministries' duties under new charter Thief snatches Chinese student's gold necklace Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 12 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 12:56 SET rises 0.84 to 1,581.70 at midday 12:53 Anti-conscription activist Netiwit seeks deferment 12:09 Meeting to discuss ministries' duties under new charter 12:00 Thief snatches Chinese student's gold necklace 11:37 US ends UN agency funding over abortion issue 11:18 Pirate iPhones seized near border 10:53 1 dead, 14 ill in New Zealand typhoid outbreak 10:39 Harrison Ford won't face any penalties over runway incident 3 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Cabin Interiors & Connectivity > Aircraft Interiors > Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017 Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017 Apr 3, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media ATW Photo Gallery-Passenger Experience/Cabin Interiors Advertisement Boeing selected Ipeco to design and manufacture a high comfort attendant seat (HCAS) for the 777X. This success follows on from the contract award last year for the Pilot and Observer seating for this exciting new program. The HCAS will be offered as an option to airlines with an anticipated selection rate of up to four seats per aircraft. Delta Air Lines began selling Delta Comfort+ on Bombardier CRJ200 aircraft for flights scheduled for May 1 and beyond. Iacobucci HF Aerospace will collaborate with Pininfarina to create Cambiano, the brand new seat for mid-range in commercial aviation. Airbus in Hamburg has launched the extension of its customer definition center (CDC), which will serve customers for A320 and A330 aircraft. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Hamburg Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX) Briefs-April 6, 2016   Hamburg Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX) Briefs-April 7, 2016   Hamburg Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX)-April 5, 2016   Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior   Boeing unveils new 737 seat option aimed at complementing Sky Interior   Blogs & Commentary Apr 3, 2017 blog Ban the carry-on ban. And soon The new US and UK electronics carry-on security bans continue to raise questions. But there’s zero evidence that they raise security....More Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 3, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Tigerair Australia seeks A320 device solution Virgin Australia’s low-cost carrier (LCC) Tigerair Australia is looking at “bring your own device” intranet solutions for its remaining Airbus A320s, as it transitions to an all-Boeing 737-800 fleet....More Apr 3, 2017 Article ATW Plus AIX 2017: Hawaiian refurbishes A330 cabins as it prepares for A321neos   Hawaiian Airlines is revamping cabin interiors across the bulk of its fleet with the arrival of its first Airbus A321neos expected in the fourth quarter and a retrofit of its A330s well underway....More Apr 3, 2017 Article Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017 Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News The Cyber Edge Acquisition & Contracting Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / Boeing Awarded Nearly $169 Million for F-15 Radar Improvement  Boeing has been awarded a contract modification valued at more than $168 million for F-15 radar improvements. Blog: Boeing Awarded Nearly $169 Million for F-15 Radar Improvement April 3, 2017 The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $168,832,812 modification (P00028) to previously awarded contract (FA8634-16-C-2653) for F-15 Combined APG-63 Version 3 Radar Improvement Program and APG-82 Version 1 Radar Modernization Program radar upgrades. Contractor will provide additional quantity of 18 V3 radars and 16 RMP radars, as well as the associated installation, initial spares, support equipment, ICS, tooling, and other required support. Work will be performed at St. Louis, Missouri, and is expected to be complete by Feb. 28, 2022. Fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017 procurement; and defense working capital funds in the amount of $168,832,812 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity.    Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Boeing F-15 Air Force Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > MIAT Mongolian Airlines to lease two Boeing 737 MAXs MIAT Mongolian Airlines to lease two Boeing 737 MAXs Apr 3, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: The first flight of Boeing's 787-10 Exclusive Video: Boeing 787-10 takes off on first flight Advertisement MIAT Mongolian Airlines plans to lease two Boeing 737 MAXs from Irish lessor Avolon as it looks to bolster its single-aisle fleet. The new aircraft are scheduled for delivery in early 2019. “The 737 MAX will become a cornerstone in our fleet modernization strategy as we look to introduce new airplanes to our customers in the years to come,” MIAT Mongolian Airlines president and CEO Tamir Tumurbaatar said. “These fuel efficient airplanes will help us realize our goals of driving down operational costs and expanding the regional network, while also providing our valued customers and passengers with an unmatched flying experience.” The Mongolian flag carrier is expected to operate the 737 MAX aircraft on existing routes to South Korea, China, Japan, Russia, Germany and future new routes. “We will commence a new scheduled flight to Busan, South Korea beginning this summer and increase frequency for all flights toward Asian and European destinations to accommodate our peak travel season while continuously looking for new possibilities to open new markets in the coming years,” Tumurbaatar said. The Ulaanbaatar-based carrier currently operates a fleet of three Boeing 737s and two 767 aircraft. Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Air Lease Corp. inks deals with Asian carriers for 29 aircraft   Mongolia’s MIAT expands routes   Other News - 02/08/2008   LOT Polish Airlines to lease up to 11 Boeing MAX 8s   CDB Aviation Lease Finance orders 30 Boeing 737 MAXs Blogs & Commentary Apr 3, 2017 blog Ban the carry-on ban. And soon The new US and UK electronics carry-on security bans continue to raise questions. But there’s zero evidence that they raise security....More Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 3, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Tigerair Australia seeks A320 device solution Virgin Australia’s low-cost carrier (LCC) Tigerair Australia is looking at “bring your own device” intranet solutions for its remaining Airbus A320s, as it transitions to an all-Boeing 737-800 fleet....More Apr 3, 2017 Article ATW Plus AIX 2017: Hawaiian refurbishes A330 cabins as it prepares for A321neos   Hawaiian Airlines is revamping cabin interiors across the bulk of its fleet with the arrival of its first Airbus A321neos expected in the fourth quarter and a retrofit of its A330s well underway....More Apr 3, 2017 Article Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017 Aircraft Interiors Briefs-April 3, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 03, 2017 09:45 AM Eastern Daylight Time STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intrepid Aviation celebrated the delivery of the first of two new B747-8 Freighter from the Boeing Company on March 31st and placed the General Electric GEnx powered aircraft on very long term lease with AirBridgeCargo Airlines, a part of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased to add AirBridgeCargo Airlines to our family of Intrepid customers. AirBridgeCargo has evolved into one of the world’s leading freight carriers, offering a range of specialized services, including their heritage in the movement of heavy and out-sized cargo, to its many customers around the globe,” noted Doug Winter, Intrepid’s President and Chief Commercial Officer. “This delivery is a further testament to the strength of our partnership and the collaborative, flexible approach we have enjoyed in executing on the investment commitment we first made with Boeing back in 2014,” observed Olaf Sachau, Intrepid’s Chief Executive Officer. “The nose-loading B747-8 Freighter is a differentiated, uniquely capable aircraft that will play a meaningful role in the conduct of global trade and supply chain management for many years to come,” Mr. Sachau added. “On behalf of AirBridgeCargo and the Volga-Dnepr Group, we are pleased to enter this long-term partnership with Intrepid and look forward to taking delivery of a second B747-8 Freighter from them later this year,” commented Ekaterina Chuychenko, Fleet Development Director of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased that the number of financiers who recognize the benefits of this state-of-the-art aircraft is increasing,” Ms. Chuychenko concluded. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor. Intrepid and its team of experienced professionals invest in and manage a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. Intrepid is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION’S SHAREHOLDERS, RESERVOIR CAPITAL & CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS Reservoir Capital Group LLC. was established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach and has approximately $7 billion in assets under management. Centerbridge Partners, LP is a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately $25 billion in capital under management. For more information on Intrepid Aviation, www.intrepidaviation.com Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com #Hashtags #Boeing #Freighter #AirBridgeCargo #aviation #intrepid Social Media Profiles Intrepid Aviation Intrepid Aviation Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Hornet, Growler foreign customers to receive data updates Boeing was awarded the $41 million contract by the U.S. Navy to provide updates to F/A-18 and EA-18G operated by Australia, Finland, Kuwait, Malaysia, Switzerland, Canada and Spain. By Ryan Maass   |   April 3, 2017 at 12:22 PM Follow @upi Comments April 3 (UPI) -- Boeing received a $41 million contract modification to provide services for F/A-18 and EA-18G aircraft operated by U.S. foreign military sales customers. Under the agreement, tasks will include engineering services, provisioning, information systems, training and technical data updates. The contract supports planes operated by the governments of Australia, Finland, Kuwait, Malaysia, Switzerland, Canada and Spain. Boeing will perform most of the work at their facility in St. Louis, Miss., with additional tasks set to be conducted in El Segundo, Calif.; Bethpage, N.Y.; and San Diego, Calif. Work is expected to be complete by December 2017. The company received $37 million at the time of the contract award, $25 million of which is set to expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The order combines purchases from all aforementioned governments in addition to the U.S. Navy. The Naval Air Systems Command is the contracting activity. The F/A-18 Super Hornet and the EA-18G Growler are both adaptations of the legacy F-18 Hornet aircraft. The Super Hornet has been modified to feature improved combat capabilities, while the Growler is designed to perform enhanced electronic warfare operations. Boeing is the primary contractor for both variants. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Raytheon receives $199M for missile sales to U.S. Navy, allied armed forces Lockheed Martin wins $500M contract for F-35 spares Russia launches second Yasen-class submarine Comments Latest Headlines U.S. Navy launches LRASM missile from Super Hornet 11 hours ago ago April 3 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin's Long Range Anti-Ship Missile was launched from a Super Hornet aircraft for the first time during a recent validation test with the U.S. Navy. U.K. begins customizing Tide-class tanker ships 13 hours ago ago April 3 (UPI) -- Britain's Royal Navy signaled the beginning of a customization effort for its Tide-class tanker fleet when the RFA Tidespring arrived in Cornwall. Ukraine's AN-132D takes historic first flight 14 hours ago ago April 3 (UPI) -- Ukraine's defense industry marked a milestone after AN-132D, the first plane built without Russian components, took its first flight on Friday. Raytheon receives $199M for missile sales to U.S. Navy, allied armed forces 17 hours ago ago April 3 (UPI) -- Raytheon received a $199 million contract modification to supply various missiles to the U.S. Navy and several of the branch's allied armed forces. Lockheed Martin wins $500M contract for F-35 spares 18 hours ago ago April 3 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin received a $581 million contract to supply common F-35 spares for each of the fifth-generation aircraft's variants. Trending Stories Several dead after severe storms push through Southeast Family pranks mail carrier with extra-long letter Women's golf fan tattles on Lexi Thompson, Tiger Woods fires back Polish prosecutors: Russians 'deliberately' caused jet crash Book returned to New Jersey library 50 years past due date PHOTOS In photos: Yu Aiping show at China Fashion Week Mariah Carey through the years Rock and roll auction at Bonhams in New York Superbloom phenomenon brings flowers and tourists to Southern California In photos: Tom Dong show at China Fashion Week On the red carpet at the STXfilms "The State Of The Industry: Past, Present And Future" presentation at CinemaCon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   The F-35 Lightning II, also known as the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), planes arrive at Edwards Air Force Base in California in this May 2010 file photo. The Pentagon on September 22, 2010 said it reached a "fixed-price" agreement with Lockheed Martin Corp for a fourth batch of F-35 fighter jets, wrapping up months of negotiations. Picture taken May 2010. REUTERS/Tom Reynolds/Lockheed Martin Corp/Handout    Boeing Is Quietly Lobbying Against The F-35 With White Papers Thomas Phippen Author 11:34 AM 04/03/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5569485 The competition between the largest jet makers in the U.S. is heating up again as President Donald Trump considers what to do with the troubled F-35 program. The Boeing Company has been quietly lobbying behind the scenes to encourage the administration to purchase its F/A-18 Super Hornets over Lockheed Martin’s F-35s. Boeing is passing around a one-page white paper to administration officials that points out possible “capability gaps” if the Navy continues with its plan to replace many Super Hornets with the Navy’s F-35C, Defense One reports. The white paper, which does not mention Boeing by name, argues that the Navy’s version of the F-35 will need to add more Super Hornets to the mix for operational security. “The U.S. Navy currently plans to have a Carrier Air Wing mix of 3 squadrons of F/A-18 Super Hornets and 1 squadron of F-35Cs in 2028 transitioning to 2 squadrons of F/A-18 Super Hornets and 2 squadrons of F-35C in 2033,” the white paper says. The situation would leave “significant capability gaps against emerging threats and under the current aircraft procurement plan leaves the Navy with a significant inventory shortfall,” the white paper argues. “Adding additional F-35Cs will not solve this capability gap and will be prohibitively expensive. Adding Advanced Super Hornet F/A-18XT squadrons gives the Carrier Air Wing a significant edge against future adversaries and is an affordable solution to the inventory challenge.” The key promise of the F-35 variants is incredibly effective stealth, which is something Boeing has tried to match with improved Super Hornets. The new, improved F/A-18s, which Boeing calls the XT, or Advanced Super Hornet, is more stealthy than the original F-18, with greater maneuverability, acceleration and weapons load than the F-35C, Boeing says in the paper. Proponents of the F-35 say that while the jet isn’t perfect in a head-to-head dog fight, the jets’ advanced stealth more than makes up for decreased maneuverability. Every military branch relies on the F-18 as the primary fighter while F-35s gradually enter the service. The real problem is an overall readiness issue and the difficulty in finding replacement parts for aircraft, according to military officials who testified at a congressional hearing last week on F/A-18s depriving pilots of oxygen during flight. (RELATED: F-18 Pilots Keep Running Out Of Oxygen During Flight) Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has ordered a review of the F-35 program after Trump said the jet was too expensive. During a trip to Boeing’s South Carolina factory, Trump said he may purchase additional Super Hornets. “By the way, do you care if we use the F-18 Super Hornets?” Trump said to a crowd at the Boeing factory in February. “We are looking seriously at a big order.” (RELATED: Trump To Boeing: Expect ‘A Big Order’ Of Super Hornets) Trump opened up the idea of competition between Lockheed and Boeing over stealth jets in December, tweeting that due to the “tremendous cost and cost overruns” of the F-35, he was looking at purchasing Super Hornets instead. The acquisition strategy for the F-35 included costs savings over time, but numerous technical challenges and testing delays drove the cost up. The program is several years behind schedule, and more than 50 percent over budget. Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: F-18, F-35, Lockheed Martin Corporation, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines STAMFORD, Conn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intrepid Aviation celebrated the delivery of the first of two new B747-8 Freighter from the Boeing Company on March 31st and placed the General Electric GEnx powered aircraft on very long term lease with AirBridgeCargo Airlines, a part of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased to add AirBridgeCargo Airlines to our family of Intrepid customers. AirBridgeCargo has evolved into one of the world’s leading freight carriers, offering a range of specialized services, including their heritage in the movement of heavy and out-sized cargo, to its many customers around the globe,” noted Doug Winter, Intrepid’s President and Chief Commercial Officer. “This delivery is a further testament to the strength of our partnership and the collaborative, flexible approach we have enjoyed in executing on the investment commitment we first made with Boeing back in 2014,” observed Olaf Sachau, Intrepid’s Chief Executive Officer. “The nose-loading B747-8 Freighter is a differentiated, uniquely capable aircraft that will play a meaningful role in the conduct of global trade and supply chain management for many years to come,” Mr. Sachau added. “On behalf of AirBridgeCargo and the Volga-Dnepr Group, we are pleased to enter this long-term partnership with Intrepid and look forward to taking delivery of a second B747-8 Freighter from them later this year,” commented Ekaterina Chuychenko, Fleet Development Director of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased that the number of financiers who recognize the benefits of this state-of-the-art aircraft is increasing,” Ms. Chuychenko concluded. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor. Intrepid and its team of experienced professionals invest in and manage a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. Intrepid is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION’S SHAREHOLDERS, RESERVOIR CAPITAL & CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS Reservoir Capital Group LLC. was established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach and has approximately $7 billion in assets under management. Centerbridge Partners, LP is a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately $25 billion in capital under management. For more information on Intrepid Aviation, www.intrepidaviation.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ETS Wound Care Gains FDA Clearance for MIRRAGEN™ Advanced Wound Matrix Next PostNext American Financial Group, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Rise Announces Name Change to Rise Gold Corp. Samson Oil & Gas Receives Extension on Promissory Note Payment Fast Growing China Spending on Robotics to Reach $59.4 Billion in 2020, According to IDC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Intrepid Celebrates Delivery of 1st B747-8 Freighter to AirBridgeCargo Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 03, 2017 09:45 AM Eastern Daylight Time STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intrepid Aviation celebrated the delivery of the first of two new B747-8 Freighter from the Boeing Company on March 31st and placed the General Electric GEnx powered aircraft on very long term lease with AirBridgeCargo Airlines, a part of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased to add AirBridgeCargo Airlines to our family of Intrepid customers. AirBridgeCargo has evolved into one of the world’s leading freight carriers, offering a range of specialized services, including their heritage in the movement of heavy and out-sized cargo, to its many customers around the globe,” noted Doug Winter, Intrepid’s President and Chief Commercial Officer. “This delivery is a further testament to the strength of our partnership and the collaborative, flexible approach we have enjoyed in executing on the investment commitment we first made with Boeing back in 2014,” observed Olaf Sachau, Intrepid’s Chief Executive Officer. “The nose-loading B747-8 Freighter is a differentiated, uniquely capable aircraft that will play a meaningful role in the conduct of global trade and supply chain management for many years to come,” Mr. Sachau added. “On behalf of AirBridgeCargo and the Volga-Dnepr Group, we are pleased to enter this long-term partnership with Intrepid and look forward to taking delivery of a second B747-8 Freighter from them later this year,” commented Ekaterina Chuychenko, Fleet Development Director of the Volga-Dnepr Group. “We are pleased that the number of financiers who recognize the benefits of this state-of-the-art aircraft is increasing,” Ms. Chuychenko concluded. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor. Intrepid and its team of experienced professionals invest in and manage a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. Intrepid is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION’S SHAREHOLDERS, RESERVOIR CAPITAL & CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS Reservoir Capital Group LLC. was established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach and has approximately $7 billion in assets under management. Centerbridge Partners, LP is a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately $25 billion in capital under management. For more information on Intrepid Aviation, www.intrepidaviation.com Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com #Hashtags #Boeing #Freighter #AirBridgeCargo #aviation #intrepid Social Media Profiles Intrepid Aviation Intrepid Aviation Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Tuesday, April 4, 2017  |  Rajab 7, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism One of Kuwait Airways' new Boeing 777-300 ERs. The carrier has 10 on order, of which six have been delivered in the past four months. Courtesy : Kuwait Airways Sixth new Boeing 777 delivered to Kuwait Airways in four months Chris Nelson April 3, 2017 Updated: April 3, 2017 04:41 PM Related Middle East airlines tackle overcapacity with lower air fares Budget carriers’ price war causes jump in flight demand Kuwait Airways retires 1,350 Kuwaiti nationals, targets profitability Second-quarter profit rises 14% at Jazeera Airways Related Middle East airlines tackle overcapacity with lower air fares Budget carriers’ price war causes jump in flight demand Kuwait Airways retires 1,350 Kuwaiti nationals, targets profitability Second-quarter profit rises 14% at Jazeera Airways Kuwait Airways’ latest Boeing 777-300ER has been delivered to the national carrier of Kuwait, the sixth of 10 of the jetliners on order, which began deliveries just four months ago. The new aircraft, which was delivered from Paine airfield in Washington, is to be called Meskan – named after the small Kuwaiti island just off the wast coast of the mainland. The addition of Meskan brings Kuwait Airways’ operational fleet up to 25, with the five 777-300ER aircraft already in service. The plane arrives during a summer season that Kuwait Airways said has seen an increasee of 16 per cent in weekly flights across its network – a total of 324 per week. The 777-300ER’s introduction has also boosted seat capacity by up to 58 per cent on certain routes of its 36-destination network. Some routes are now exclusively served by the new aircraft, including London, New York, Frankfurt; and soon to be added Dhaka, Bangkok and Manila. "The fact that we are receiving more than one new aircraft per month, since the first delivery in December 2016, proves that we are well on schedule for this order of 10 to be completed by Q3 2017," said Rasha Al Roumi, the chairman and chief executive of Kuwait Airways. The new aircraft are built at Boeing’s plane making facility in Washington DC. A further 25 Airbus aircraft are also on order by Kuwait Airways over the next four to five years, including those from the A320neo and A350 families of aircraft. Established in 1953 as a private company, the airline was initially 50 per cent owned by the Kuwaiti government; in 1962, the government assumed 100 per cent ownership, making it the longest serving, official single-state carrier operating from the Arabian Gulf region, the carrier said. This year, the airline is expected to serve more than three million passengers for the first time. Further additions to the fleet will include 15 A320neo’s and 10 A350s, with delivery to start in 2019. Once the delivery of new aircraft is concluded, Kuwait Airways said it will boast the youngest commercial airline fleet in the world. chnelson@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Sixth new Boeing 777 delivered to Kuwait Airways in four months Major airlines find lift as budget carriers feel squeeze AirAsia to launch new Vietnam airline with demand soaring Etihad Airways says bookings to US healthy despite laptop ban MOST VIEWED Business | All If you build it they will stay, research tells Abu Dhabi malls Abu Dhabi’s 10 biggest projects nearing completion Burj Khalifa apartments lose a quarter of their value in 12 months Qatar lifts development moratorium on world’s biggest gas field FGB and National Bank of Abu Dhabi choose merged name: First Abu Dhabi Bank Mena start-ups attract growing interest from global investors Malls of the UAE: Dubai Outlet Mall fertile ground for real bargains Foreign direct investment: India has a vision of trade corridors Thousands of cosmetics salespeople set to give Dubai economy a lucrative makeover Dubai oil & gas services firm plans London IPO More Most Viewed Huge dome planned for Dubai’s Expo 2020 site Oil spill leaves UAE coastal waters and beach coated in crude How Netanyahu’s dirty tricks squad targets boycotts An ex-Islamist wants Islam to be cool. But for millions of Muslims it already is Small business owners want to be reassured on VAT ‘Zombie drug’ flakka to be banned by UAE authorities If you build it they will stay, research tells Abu Dhabi malls Omani students ignore ban on studies at Ajman University Judges show leniency amid growing liberalisation of UAE justice system VAT ‘is a way to pay the UAE back for all it has done’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Malls of the UAE: Dubai Outlet Mall fertile ground for real bargains Life on the Dubai Marina, starting at Dh1.3 million – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT At least 10 feared dead in St Petersburg blast - in pictures Police ‘need more training’ in communicating to people with special needs Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Cyber Security Market to Reach $224.48 Billion with 14.84% CAGR Forecast to 2022 The key players in the Global Cyber Security Market are BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc PUNE, INDIA, April 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Cyber Security Market The Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $74.2 billion and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% during the forecast period 2014-2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets is the key driving factor for the growth of cyber security market. Cybercrime is generating market opportunity for small cyber specialty companies. The government is increasing its investments in sophisticated cyber security technologies. Unique attention is being given to secure the Internet of Things through federally-sponsored research in cyber-physical systems. Small businesses can use these vehicles to get involved in the government cyber security market. Antivirus and Antimalware solution is likely to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 The Global Cyber Security Market is segmented on the basis of Solution, Security type, Service, application and Geography. On the basis of Solution, the market is segregated into Web Filtering, Unified Threat Management (UTM), Security and Vulnerability Management, Risk and Compliance Management, Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips), Identity and Access Management (IAM), Firewall, Encryption, Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation, Disaster Recovery, Data Loss Protection (DLP), Anti virus and Anti malware, White listing and Others. On the basis of Security type, the market is categorized into Application Security, Cloud Security, Content Security, Endpoint Security, Network Security, Wireless Security and Industrial Control Systems Security. The market is segmented on the basis of service into Training and Education, Risk and Threat Assessment, Managed Security Services (MSS, Design and Integration, Consulting. Global Cyber Security Market by Application is segregated into Telecom and IT, Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Government and Public Utilities, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence and Others. Global Cyber Security Market by geography is categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key players in the Global Cyber Security Market are BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica spa, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company and International Business Machines Corporation (IBM). What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Research Scope 2.3 Research Methodology 2.4 Research Sources 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 5 Global Cyber Security Market, By Solution, 5.1 Web Filtering 5.2 Unified Threat Management (UTM) 5.3 Security and Vulnerability Management 5.4 Risk and Compliance Management 5.5 Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) 5.6 Identity and Access Management (IAM) 5.7 Firewall 5.8 Encryption 5.9 Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation 5.10 Disaster Recovery 5.11 Data Loss Protection (DLP) 5.12 Anti virus and Anti malware 5.13 White listing 5.14 Others Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bottled Water Products Market to Reach$329.6 Billion with 8.57% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Paladin Energy Ltd: Manyingee Sale Not Complete Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Cyber Security Market to Reach $224.48 Billion with 14.84% CAGR Forecast to 2022 The key players in the Global Cyber Security Market are BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc PUNE, INDIA, April 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Cyber Security Market The Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $74.2 billion and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% during the forecast period 2014-2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets is the key driving factor for the growth of cyber security market. Cybercrime is generating market opportunity for small cyber specialty companies. The government is increasing its investments in sophisticated cyber security technologies. Unique attention is being given to secure the Internet of Things through federally-sponsored research in cyber-physical systems. Small businesses can use these vehicles to get involved in the government cyber security market. Antivirus and Antimalware solution is likely to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period. Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 The Global Cyber Security Market is segmented on the basis of Solution, Security type, Service, application and Geography. On the basis of Solution, the market is segregated into Web Filtering, Unified Threat Management (UTM), Security and Vulnerability Management, Risk and Compliance Management, Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips), Identity and Access Management (IAM), Firewall, Encryption, Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation, Disaster Recovery, Data Loss Protection (DLP), Anti virus and Anti malware, White listing and Others. On the basis of Security type, the market is categorized into Application Security, Cloud Security, Content Security, Endpoint Security, Network Security, Wireless Security and Industrial Control Systems Security. The market is segmented on the basis of service into Training and Education, Risk and Threat Assessment, Managed Security Services (MSS, Design and Integration, Consulting. Global Cyber Security Market by Application is segregated into Telecom and IT, Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Government and Public Utilities, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence and Others. Global Cyber Security Market by geography is categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key players in the Global Cyber Security Market are BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica spa, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company and International Business Machines Corporation (IBM). What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Research Scope 2.3 Research Methodology 2.4 Research Sources 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/222000-global-cyber-security-market-outlook-2014-2022 5 Global Cyber Security Market, By Solution, 5.1 Web Filtering 5.2 Unified Threat Management (UTM) 5.3 Security and Vulnerability Management 5.4 Risk and Compliance Management 5.5 Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) 5.6 Identity and Access Management (IAM) 5.7 Firewall 5.8 Encryption 5.9 Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation 5.10 Disaster Recovery 5.11 Data Loss Protection (DLP) 5.12 Anti virus and Anti malware 5.13 White listing 5.14 Others Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bottled Water Products Market to Reach$329.6 Billion with 8.57% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Paladin Energy Ltd: Manyingee Sale Not Complete Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Print   Email   Font Resize Canon City News Astronaut, crews demonstrate Royal Gorge zip line -- same one used at Cape Canaveral By Sara Knuth The Daily Record Posted:   04/02/2017 10:33:10 PM MDT Gary Wentz, the vice president of human and commercial services at United Launch Alliance, prepares to demonstrate the Emergency Egress System Sunday at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) The Emergency Egress System sits on display Sunday as spectators watch people ride the zip line at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) Astronauts can use them in a pinch to get away from danger. But every day, hundreds of people take the ride voluntarily at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. "It is rocket science, but it's not," said Gary Wentz, the vice president of human and commercial services for United Launch Alliance. "It's something that everybody can relate to." That something is the Emergency Egress System, a specially-designed zip line that recently became operational for use by astronauts at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The system was developed by Terra Nova, the same recreation company that built the zip line at the Royal Gorge. Leaders from the Boeing Co. and United Launch Alliance were at the bridge Sunday to demonstrate the line. "You're going across this gorge, you see how safe it is," said Mark Mulqueen, the program director of the International Space Station. "When we have an anomaly on the ground there and we have to get out, we do the same thing." When riders go across the Royal Gorge's zip line, they are about 1,200 feet above the Arkansas River, parallel to the bridge. With foldable and detachable seats, people travel about 1,987 feet across the gorge at about 40 mph. But for astronauts, the ride is different, and it's used for a lot more than recreation. For one, the system is part of a larger process to eventually launch astronauts to the International Space Station via American soil for the first time since 2011. The Boeing Co. is working on a Starliner crew capsule that will sit on top of United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rocket, which will launch to the ISS. Advertisement "We're very excited to have them complete their certification of vehicles so that we can bring crew launching on U.S. ground and not have to rely on the Russians for launch of our U.S. crew," said Mulqueen, who works with Boeing. Chris Ferguson, who commanded the last American shuttle to the ISS, said the new zip line system is a way for crew members to get away from danger before launch. Ferguson currently works for Boeing as its director of Starliner Crew and Mission Systems. A Boeing employee adjusts a space suit Sunday during a presentation of the Emergency Egress at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park. (Sara Knuth / Daily Record) "The idea is that if there is ever a situation on a launch pad before the astronauts have launched, and there's something they need to get away rapidly, they would get out of the rocket, they would walk over to really what is one of these systems, and they would get in a chair and kind of ride away," Ferguson said. Unlike the Royal Gorge's system, Wentz said, riding along the Emergency Egress System involves a sturdy, fiber glass-lined chair that is easy to use in a space suit. "If you've ever seen astronauts in the Space Shuttle, they've got gloves and bulky suits on," he said. "So, they just needed something that they could quickly grab and go." On each of the system's five lines, four chairs are set up in place. When an astronaut sits down, the system releases, then requires them to pull down on levers to go and brakes to stop. But even with the changes meant to accommodate astronauts, Wentz said the zip lines systems still have major similarities. And that, he said, makes the system rare. "Very few people get to experience activities on an active launch pad, and so the nice thing for people to see is that a system like this you get to come out and ride at the gorge," he said. "You can see the similar systems that are used." The Boeing and United Launch Alliance leaders will be in Colorado Springs on Monday to take part in the 33rd annual Space Symposium. Sara Knuth: 719-276-7644, knuths@canoncitydailyrecord.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES No place like home ... CCHS to present 'The Wizard of Oz' Plea entry for Austin Trahern continued again National Weather Service expects between four and five inches of snow for Fremont County   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Aircraft Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight Michael Irving April 2, 2017 Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner has taken to the skies for its maiden flight (Credit: Boeing) View gallery - 5 images Boeing's lanky new 787-10 Dreamliner has left the nest for the first time. The maiden flight of the longer, more spacious plane lasted just shy of five hours, and according to Boeing it went off without a hitch. Taking off from the company's South Carolina facility, the 787-10 spent four hours and 58 minutes in the air under the command of test pilots Tim Berg and Mike Bryan, who put the plane through the paces to check its flight controls, systems and handling. Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information "From takeoff to landing, the airplane handled beautifully and just as expected," said Berg. First announced at the 2013 Paris Air Show, the Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner adds an extra 18 ft (5.5 m) of length to its stablemate, the 787-9, giving it room for 330 passengers and 15 percent more cargo. In the same breath, Boeing boasts that the 787-10 has 25 percent better fuel economy per seat than its predecessors, and it's claimed to be 10 percent more efficient than other planes of its size. Final assembly of the craft began in December, before it was officially unveiled during a Presidential visit back in February. Boeing will now perform more comprehensive flight tests of the new Dreamliner to prepare it for its first deliveries to carriers in the first half of next year. Nine companies, including United Airlines, British Airways and Singapore Airlines have placed 149 orders for the new plane. The 787-10 Dreamliner can be seen taking off on its first flight in the video below. Source: Boeing View gallery - 5 images Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight 1 / 5 Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner has taken to the skies for its maiden flight (Credit: Boeing) The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner boasts better fuel economy than its predecessors and other planes its size (Credit: Boeing) The 787-10 Dreamliner will undergo more comprehensive testing over the coming months, before Boeing begins delivering it to customers in the first half of 2018 (Credit: Boeing) Taking off from the Boeing South Carolina facility , the 787-10 Dreamliner's first flight last 4 hours and 58 minutes (Credit: Boeing) Boeing's 787-10 Dreamliner is 18 ft (5.5 m) longer than the 787-9, allowing it to carry 330 passengers and 15 percent more cargo  (Credit: Boeing) Tags #Test Flights #Dreamliner #Aircraft #787 #Boeing Share this article Show 1 comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Real-life Iron Man jet suit requires superhuman strength Simple blood test points doctors towards best drug to treat depression iPad (2017) first impressions: Garden-variety Apple Jaguar rebirths the E-type ... and it's the opposite of painful Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Aircraft Real-life Iron Man jet suit requires superhuman strength Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner makes first test flight Boom raises US$33 million to get supersonic jet off the ground Bombardier CS100 eyes transatlantic flights to London City How Jetpacks could shape the future of personal transport The first "civilian" Jetpack pilot gets off the ground Bell flies into the future with first concept helicopter Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes its debut In pictures: 2017 Australian International Air Show, featuring F-35 Joint Strike Fighter debut Lockheed Martin supersonic jet hits the wind tunnel – in model form Qantas really puts the premium in its premium economy seats AW609 tiltrotor climbs towards 2018 certification Editors Choice The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Compare the latest tech gear In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 In pictures: The best of The Photography Show 2017 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: April 3rd, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily April 3rd, 2017 Satnews Publishers Finds a Bright Future at the 33rd Space Symposium Satnews Publishers is attending the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and there's a whole universe that is ripe for discovering. From greener types of energy and future journeys into deep space, to bright futures for educational STEM programs ...and small sats puts everyone on a level playing field—whether in the military or a military school, NASA or a college experiment—new ideas are as wide open as space. Boeing Deep Space Gateway Just a few samples from the opening night include: Boeing's Space Launch System Boeing presented unveiled their concepts for their deep space gateway and transport systems.  These systems will assist NASA in the agency's goal to develop human space exploration from the Moon to Mars. Boeing is helping to develop the Space Launch System, a NASA project, which will deliver a habitat to cislunar space close to the Moon. This is called the Deep Space Gateway and the habitat is being designed to support crucial research as well as to open opportunities for governments or commercial entities through partnerships in deep space, to include lunar missions. The mission hardware would be powered by the SEP (Solar Electric Propulsion) system.  Future Human Space Activities Concepts. Sofradir Sofradir Group pioneers developments in high performance IR detectors based on sophisticated technologies: Mercury Cadmium Telluride (MCT), Indium Antimonide (InSb), Quantum Well Infrared Photodetectors (QWIP), Indium Gallium Arsenide (InGaAs), and a-Si Microbolometers. Thomas Piehn of Sofradir The company provides advanced infrared (IR) detectors for military, space and industrial applications, and they provided 24 shortwave IR detectors (SWIR) to Airbus Defence and Space (ADS) for the European Space Agency (ESA) Sentinel-2 mission, with monitoring and food security studies mission for the ESA.  Working with ADS they provided two MultiSpectral Imager instruments (MSI) for the Sentinel-2 mission that offer high-resolution infrared optical imagery now providing high-resolution optical imaging to monitor the Earth and thereby provide continuity for the SPOT (an Earth observation system) and Landsat missions. The MSI measures the Earth's reflected radiance in 13 spectral bands from the visible (440nm) to shortwave infrared (2190nm), and 12 Sofradir‘s SWIR detectors are on board the Sentinel-2A satellite. The remaining 12 devices are on the Sentinel 2B satellite. Large format SWIR detectors (1200 x 3 effective lines, 15 micron pitch) are highly complex devices that only a handful of manufacturers in the world can produce to space-grade standards. Sofradir is the sole European manufacturer to have its IR detectors deployed in space. Learn  much more http://www.sofradir.com   L3 to Co-Sponsor Inaugural Women’s Global Gathering as a Guest Luncheon Panelist Susan Opp President of L3’s Space & Power sector, will be a guest panelist. L3 is a co-sponsor of the inaugural Women’s Global Gathering, which coincides with the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado, on Thursday, April 6. Additionally, Susan Opp, President of L3’s Space & Power sector, will be a guest panelist at the event’s luncheon. The Gathering will provide a unique opportunity to hear about the accomplishments and opportunities for women in the space industry. A diverse panel of senior leaders, including Ms. Opp, will share their insights on the important role of women in space exploration. “I am honored to represent L3 as a member of the panel of experts for this luncheon,” said Ms. Opp. “I look forward to sharing my many positive experiences in the industry and interests in aerospace and satellite communications.” Headquartered in New York City, L3 Technologies employs approximately 38,000 people worldwide and is a leading provider of a broad range of communication, electronic and sensor systems used on military, homeland security and commercial platforms. L3 is also a prime contractor in aerospace systems, security and detection systems, and pilot training. The company reported 2016 sales of $10.5 billion.     https://www.spacesymposium.org/speakers/susan-opp                 Topical Tags :  Events    Military    Agencies    Regulatory/Government    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Satnews Publishers Finds a Bright Future at the 33rd Space Symposium Major Development Milestones Met in Next-Generation Launch Vehicle Program by Orbital ATK Future Human Space Activities Concepts Presented by Boeing at the 33rd Space Symposium United Launch Alliance Emergency Egress System Milestone Completed Airbus and SITA Collaborate to Provide Advanced Cybersecurity Services for Air Transport Industry More News On the 33rd Space Symposium Show Floor — Disruptive Technologies in the Spotlight by Aerojet Rocketdyne... Last Week's Top Stories Russia's Top Military Brass Warns Nearly All Low-Orbit Satellites Within Reach of US Missiles NSR Report Delves Into the Opportunities for Land-Mobile Players Bleak Future... Another Day in Arianespace's Strike and Now Indefinite Delay of Launch SpaceX First Ever Re-Used First Stage Falcon 9 Lifts SES10 To Orbit Cloud Constellation's SpaceBelt™ Receives US Patent... Security Has Never Been So Secure NATO Digging Into Their Wallets for Global Hawk SATCOM and More... Japan's Government to Enhance Measures for Satellite Malfunctions Airbus Defence and Space Introduces Four New Executive Committee Members e2v Technologies Acquisition by Teledyne Technologies Is Now Completed Advantech Wireless' 3D Bandwidth-on-Demand for ASAT II Multiservice VSAT System  News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events 33rd Space Symposium Sea Air Space 2017 India Satcom 2017 NAB 2017 Digital Ship Maritime Cyber Resilience Forum Athens IDGA MilSatCom 2017 12th Annual Military Space Situational Awareness
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login How NASA's future robots will explore frozen worlds After Math: Did I do that? SpaceX might reland Falcon Heavy's upper stage this summer Latest in Science Boeing shows what its deep space habitat could look like 1h ago View Electric skull cap helps brain cancer patients live longer 9h ago View Death Star-like lasers become a practical reality 11h ago View How NASA's future robots will explore frozen worlds 11h ago View Image credit: Deep Space Gateway (Boeing) save Save share Boeing shows what its deep space habitat could look like It will stay in cislunar space and could serve as home base for manned Martian missions. Mariella Moon, @mariella_moon 1h ago in Space Comments 322 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Deep Space Gateway (Boeing) NASA teamed up with six companies to develop deep space vehicles as part of its NextSTEP program last year. Boeing, one of the six, has now given us an idea of what its creations could look like. The company has revealed concept images of its deep space habitat and transport vehicle that could make it possible to send humans to Mars from a lunar base. Pictured above is the Deep Space Gateway, the habitat Boeing wants to send to cislunar space. It could house critical research for human exploration and could dock other vehicles using a system similar to the International Space Station's. It could also serve as the home base for the Deep Space Transport vehicle Boeing will build to send humans to Mars. The transport system pictured below will have living quarters so spacefarers can endure the lengthy journey. Astronauts can either stay on board or send a lander to the red planet for surface missions. Both the transport vehicle and the gateway habitat will be powered by solar electric propulsion system, the promising technology NASA used for the Dawn spacecraft and the same one it's developing further for future Martian missions. Boeing says it plans to launch the habitat in four parts through NASA's powerful Space Launch System rocket. It expects to start sending to and assembling the Gateway in cislunar space as soon as the early 2020s Boeing Deep Space Transit Vehicle Source: Boeing In this article: boeing, deepspace, deepspacegateway, deepspacehabitat, nasa, science, space 322 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Space Boeing shows what its deep space habitat could look like It will stay in cislunar space and could serve as home base for manned Martian missions. By M. Moon,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 86 3h ago in AV Sonos Playbase review: The only speaker your living room needs This oddly shaped speaker is a double threat, equally suited to playing music and movies. By N. Ingraham,  3h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile Sony's slow-mo friendly Xperia XZs goes on sale this week Finally, a 960 frames-per-second camera that fits in your pocket. By T. Seppala,  3h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Transportation Tesla's market value surpasses Ford What an interesting time to be alive. By Autoblog,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Google hopes license sharing will stop Android patent trolls Fewer lawsuits makes a friendlier developer ecosystem. By A. Dalton,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships News & Politics As U.S. Jobs Flee the Country, One of Trump's Biggest Campaign Promises Is Already Going Down in Flames Despite the president's ludicrous boasts, American companies have not slowed in exporting jobs. By Kali Holloway / AlterNet April 3, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: FlickR/Gage Skidmore Again and again on the campaign trail, Donald Trump made promises he couldn’t keep, playing on the ignorance of his base and revealing his own glaring misunderstanding of policy. The GOP candidate repeatedly vowed to strongarm companies into keeping jobs at home instead of sending them to Mexico, renegotiate NAFTA and impose stiff import taxes on foreign goods. It was a message that appealed widely to Trump supporters, blending the illusion of economic hope with the rubric of “America First” nationalism. Problem is, nothing about Trump’s vision has anything to do with reality, and U.S. jobs continue to be sent across the border. As Bloomberg reports: Illinois Tool Works Inc. will close an auto-parts plant in Mazon, Illinois, this month and head to Ciudad Juarez. Triumph Group Inc. is reducing the Spokane, Washington, workforce that makes fiber-composite parts for Boeing Co. aircraft and moving production to Zacatecas and Baja California. TE Connectivity Ltd. is shuttering a pressure-sensor plant in Pennsauken, New Jersey, in favor of a facility in Hermosillo. Those companies aren’t alone. Indianapolis-based firm Rexnord is moving 300 jobs to Monterrey, Mexico, despite a December tweet by Trump meant to shame the company into staying. That company is located just up the road from Carrier, the air conditioning manufacturer Trump falsely claimed to have bribed into keeping 1,100 jobs in its home state. Like nearly every victory claimed by the president, it too was a lie. As CNN Money notes, only 800 factory jobs were saved while 500 are still being shifted south. Trump’s falsehood moved a local union leader to declare POTUS had “lied his ass off.” “Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show on the numbers,” Chuck Jones, president of the local steelworkers union, told the Washington Post. “I almost threw up in my mouth.” More smoke-and-mirrors shenanigans surround Trump’s recent boasts of job-saving at Ford Motor Company. “Big announcement by Ford today,” Trump wrote in an intentionally misleading tweet. “Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” But those jobs—there are just 130 of them—had nothing to do with Trump. The same is true of the company’s decision to put the brakes on a plan to transport 700 jobs to Mexico, announced after Trump criticized the move on social media. As Reuters notes, “both projects were part of 2015 negotiations with the UAW, when Ford said it would invest $9 billion in U.S. plants over four years.” If, as Trump seems to think, a president deserves credit for every new job created when he is in office, then the point for this one goes to Obama. Trump may also be backing off of promises to raise tariffs on incoming goods and renegotiate NAFTA. The shift in tone comes on the heels of a series of calamitous failures that have come to define this bumbling presidency. Days ago, according to the New York Times, “a draft letter suggesting a softening of his views began circulating among members of Congress this week.” The report goes on to state that the draft proposal appears “to propose keeping much of the agreement in place.” Kali Holloway is a senior writer and the associate editor of media and culture at AlterNet.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Guaranteed: You Have Never Read a Major Newspaper Editorial Quite Like This One About Donald Trump Don Hazen / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/03/2017 - 07:01 America Is Barreling Toward Political Anarchy, Not an Organized Fascist State Neal Gabler / BillMoyers.com Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/01/2017 - 09:04 White House Staff Turns on ‘Out of His Depth’ Jared Kushner Amid Chaos and Turmoil David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/02/2017 - 10:42 Why It's Fantasyland to Assume Trump Is Going to Leave in a Scandal Anytime Soon Andrew O'Hehir / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/01/2017 - 09:58 Chomsky: Why Trump Is Pushing the Doomsday Clock to the Brink of Midnight David Gibbs / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/02/2017 - 16:04 'He's Not Well': 'Morning Joe' Goes There After Trump's Latest Twitter Screed Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/03/2017 - 06:31 Diverse Protest Groups Unite As 'The Majority,' Aiming for Large-Scale Demonstrations on May 1st Sarah Lazare / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/01/2017 - 14:49 One-Woman Protest: Fighting Back Daily in America's 'Trumpiest' County Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/01/2017 - 13:29 Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Rally the 'Revolution' In Boston and Prepare for Next Big Fight Against Trump Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/01/2017 - 07:04 John Oliver Can't Quite Believe the Stupidity of This Latest Trump Scandal Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/03/2017 - 05:14 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Guaranteed: You Have Never Read a Major Newspaper Editorial Quite Like This One About Donald Trump Visions Chomsky: Why Trump Is Pushing the Doomsday Clock to the Brink of Midnight Immigration How Bill Clinton Paved the Way for Donald Trump’s Racist and Audacious Deportation Agenda Why Trump Could Be on the Verge of His Biggest Legislative Humiliation Yet News & Politics 'He's Not Well': 'Morning Joe' Goes There After Trump's Latest Twitter Screed News & Politics Anxiety About Trump's Proposed Budget Cuts Is Sweeping Red-State America Economy Paul Krugman Incinerates Trump's Doomed Economic Agenda News & Politics John Oliver Can't Quite Believe the Stupidity of This Latest Trump Scandal World It's Not Just Trump: A Toxic Right-Wing Nationalism Is Rising Across the Planet The Right Wing Fox News Offered Contributor a Big Promotion—but Only If She'd Have Sex With Roger Ailes: Lawsuit Activism 5 Major Challenges for the Feminist Movement Now That There's an Unabashed Misogynist in the White House News & Politics The Loneliest President: Trump Is Increasingly Without Friends, Even in His Own Party News & Politics Yeah, Mike Pence Is a Raging Hypocrite—but Not Because of His Puritanical Private Life News & Politics Watergate's John Dean: 'Half the Population Right Now Isn't Sure Whether Trump Is Insane' Media What Would It Take for Fox News to Fire Bill O'Reilly? The Right Wing Ivanka Trump’s 5-Step Guide to Getting the Job You Want Food If PepsiCo Told You They Suddenly Cared About Your Health, Would You Believe It? The Right Wing Who in the Hell Is Devin Nunes? Everything You Were Afraid to Ask About this Suddenly Important Person Human Rights Many of the Self-Styled 'Feminist' Corporate CEOs Aren't as Empowering as They Think They Are The Right Wing Maxine Waters Raises Impeachment as a Possibility for Trump News & Politics Medicare for All? Sen. Bernie Sanders Poised to Push for Single Payer After GOP Plan Falls Apart The Right Wing Are You Ready for War with Iran? Trumps Generals Are Media America's TV Media Crisis Goes Far Beyond Covering Trump: We Simply Aren't Hearing About the Most Pressing Issues of Our Time Environment Why GDP Could Stand for Going to Destroy the Planet—We Need New Economic Measures for a Sustainable Economy Drugs The Secret Behind the Funky Smells and Tastes of Marijuana News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals If PepsiCo Told You They Suddenly Cared About Your Health, Would You Believe It? The 5 Most Compelling Democratic Arguments to Filibuster Neil Gorsuch 5 Major Challenges for the Feminist Movement Now That There's an Unabashed Misogynist in the White House ◀  X    Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan /EINPresswire.com/ — DETROIT, MI–(Marketwired – April 03, 2017) – Aeromexico, Mexico’s global airline, announces its new route in the United States: Detroit-Mexico City that started with a daily non-stop flight on April 1st. This flight adds to the recent announcement of the Monterrey-Detroit route, starting on May 1st. The Mexico City flight is operated with Boeing 737-700 and 737-800 aircraft. And the Monterrey flight will be operated with Embraer 190 aircraft. The flight schedules are listed below:       Detroit-Mexico City*   Mexico City-Detroit* AM 431   3:35 p.m.   7:05 p.m.   Daily   AM 430   9:01 a.m.   2:20 p.m.   Daily                               Detroit-Monterrey*   Monterrey-Detroit* AM 627   2:45 p.m.   5:40 p.m.   Daily   AM 626   8:39 a.m.   1:16 p.m.   Daily *Schedules are published in local time and are subject to changes without notice „These new routes will increase connectivity options between Mexico and the United States, as we offer more than 3,000 seats per week to our business and leisure customers, convenient connections will be available to Aguascalientes, Queretaro, Bajio, Hermosillo and other key cities with a strong influence on the automotive industry,” said Jorge Goytortua, Senior VP Global Sales. „Detroit adds to our destination network in the United States, and its customer flow will arrive from our main airline hubs: Mexico City and Monterrey; over 85,000 domestic automotive passengers transit between Mexico and ‚The Motor City’ every year,” added the executive. „Local traffic to Mexico is growing, so it makes sense that Aeromexico wants to be here in Detroit,” said Airport Authority CEO Joseph Nardone. „As Michigan bounces back, we continue seeing more airlines take an interest in Detroit, which is positive economic news for our businesses and community.” Aeromexico has served the U.S. market for more than 60 years, and has a strong presence in major cities in Central and South America, Canada, Europe and Asia. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico’s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group’s fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/3/11G134856/Images/Detroit_Willow_Image-05b98a220b2bb9e6aa17ed5160b3cc6d.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Winnebago Industries Announces CFO Transition Next PostNext Great Lakes Graphite Announces Warrant Extension Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Ford Ranks as Leading Company Developing Automated Driving Systems in Navigant Research Assessment B/E Aerospace to Launch Aspire™ Wide Body Main Cabin Seating with United Airlines; Airline Also Selects Meridian™ Single Aisle Main Cabin Seating For 737 MAX 9 Aircraft Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Aerojet Rocketdyne Highlights Disruptive Space Technology at 33rd Annual Space Symposium Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 03, 2017 6:04pm   Comments Share: SACRAMENTO, Calif., April 03, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aerojet Rocketdyne, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AJRD), is showcasing disruptive space technologies at the 33rd annual Space Symposium, April 3-6, in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Aerojet Rocketdyne, the nation's premiere rocket propulsion provider will showcase its transformative technologies at the Boeing Exhibit Center and Pavilion in booth 118. Subject matter experts are on hand throughout the symposium to answer questions and discuss the company's products. Aerojet Rocketdyne's exhibit is located at booth 118 in the Boeing Exhibit Center and Pavilion A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/976b822f-0b89-486d-b05e-0760752c516b Aerojet Rocketdyne technologies on display include: 3-D Printing: Aerojet Rocketdyne has been researching this innovative technology for more than a decade. To take advantage of the significant cost and schedule savings and novel design capabilities enabled by 3-D printing, the company is modernizing its RS-25 and RL10 engines, creating its Bantam family of engines and AR1 engine, and manufacturing new components for NASA's Orion spacecraft with this technology. In-Space Propulsion: Efficient propulsion is critical to a sustainable exploration or military space architecture. More than 100 satellites have used the company's electric propulsion devices. Aerojet Rocketdyne is currently working with NASA on a portfolio of advanced electric thrusters, operating at power levels between 7 kW and 200 kW per thruster. Solar electric propulsion provides the potential to reduce lifecycle costs of space systems and increase maneuverability of satellites. In addition to solar electric propulsion, the company is also working on advanced chemical systems and nuclear thermal propulsion, optimizing them to meet customers' mission requirements. Reusability: Aerojet Rocketdyne has a long and successful track record of developing operational, reusable engines, such as the RS-25 that flew 135 times on the space shuttle. This heritage has yielded a proven-calibrated design system capable of generating robust, highly reusable engines and propulsion systems for future launch and space missions. "Our disruptive technologies are changing the economics of space launch without sacrificing performance or mission success," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. Aerojet Rocketdyne is an innovative company delivering solutions that create value for its customers in the aerospace and defense markets. The company is a world-recognized aerospace and defense leader that provides propulsion and energetics to the space, missile defense and strategic systems, tactical systems and armaments areas, in support of domestic and international markets. Additional information about Aerojet Rocketdyne can be obtained by visiting our websites at www.Rocket.com and www.AerojetRocketdyne.com. Contact:
Glenn Mahone, Aerojet Rocketdyne, 202-302-9941
Glenn.Mahone@Rocket.com

Mary Engola, Aerojet Rocketdyne, 571-289-1371
Mary.Engola@Rocket.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 MTNB, STDY: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 WPZ, CAT: Barron's Picks And Pans: Under Armour, CarMax, Lowe'... 3 CALX, CDTI: 5 Stocks To Watch For April 3, 2017 4 AAPL, FB: Top Benzinga Stocks Of The Week: GE, Faceboo... 5 IBKR, HP: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgr... 6 ALLY, SC: Fund Manager From 'The... 7 DEST, NG: Earnings Scheduled F... 1 FINL, P: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 3 2 SNAP, MULE: This Week's IPOs In Focus 3 TSLA, NVDA: Tesla Rips Following Unit Figures Release; Morgan Sta... 4 THCBF, TWMJF: Meet One Of The Largest VC-Backed Cannabi... 5 AMZN: Fund Manager: 50 Retailers Could Go B... 6 TECK: Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Option... 7 DPZ, SBUX: Domino's Not Intere... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 9% during 2016 to 2021 global UAV Payload and Subsystems market Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market Analysis and Forecast by Payload (C4I, Radar, Electro-optic and Infrared Sensor (EO/IS) and Sonar) and Geography- 2021 Major Key Players are AeroVironment, Boeing, Elbit Systems, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Overview: UAV Payload and Subsystems are mainly used in Aerospace (aviation and space flight). UAVs are controlled remotely either by a pilot at a ground station or by onboard computers. Payloads are one of the major components in UAVs. These payloads consist of various equipment and systems depending on their specific mission requirement. Many different types of UAVs have been developed and inducted into military operations with the technology has advanced in the last one decade, Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are driven by the increasing demand for lightweight UAV payload. The carbon composite materials are widely used in manufacturing UAV airframes. These materials ensure reduced weight and enhanced service life which also reduces the overall maintenance cost per flight (landing). Companies have vastly adopted the trend of using these composite manufacturing technologies for UAVs. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/uav-payload-subsystems-market Competitive Analysis- Major Key Players in UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are The leading market players in the global UAV Payload and Subsystems market primarily include AeroVironment, Boeing, Elbit Systems, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. The other prominent vendor includes Controp Precision Technologies Ltd, Alpha Unmanned Systems, BAE Systems, and Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. Market Segments Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market is segmented in to two key dynamics for better understanding of the market – Segmentation by the payload & by the region. • Segmentation by Payload: Comprises of C41, Radar, Electronic Warfare, Electro-optc/infrared Sensors, Communication and Signal Intelligence and INS. • Segmentation By Region: Comprises of Geographical Regions. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1237 Study Objectives of UAV Payload and Subsystems Market • The report provides detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market • Offers insights about factors affecting the market growth • Enables to analyze the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market based on various factors – price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • Provides historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) • Offers country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • Provides country-level analysis of the market for segment by payload and regions • Offers strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • Enables to track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 40 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 103 numbers of pages of the project report “UAV Payload and Subsystems Market – Forecast to 2021” Regional and Country Analysis Americas UAV Payload and Subsystems market is poised to reach to the multitudes of billions by 2021, the market is to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during the forecasted period. Whereas, EMEA and Asia Pacific will grow at a considerable rate of CAGR. The reports also cover country level analysis. Key Findings • In 2015, Americas account the maximum market share of around 50%, followed by EMEA with 22%, and APAC with 28%. • In 2015, C4I systems captured the market with a share of around 32% and also expect to lead the market in 2021 • In Americas, the number of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in 2012 was 6,316 and is likely to reach 8,300 by 2017 Brief TOC of Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology Continued…. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious N-Methylpyrrolidone Life Scien Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext New Concept Energy, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Search Recent Posts Worldwide Automotive Paints and Coatings Market by 2020- Regions, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, Types, Applications Global Aloe Vera-Based Drinks Market 2016-2020 CAGR 9.6% – Leading Companies (Houssy Global,Aloe Farms,OKF Corp), Trend, Drivers, Challenges, & Forecast Global Ceramic Coatings Market 2016-2020 CAGR 7.93% – Leading Companies (Keronite,Bodycote,Praxair Surface), Trend, Drivers, Challenges, & Forecast Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. Provides Unaudited Balance Sheet Information and Asset Coverage Ratio Update as of March 31, 2017 Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. Provides Unaudited Balance Sheet Information and Asset Coverage Ratio Update as of March 31, 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: AeroMexico April 03, 2017 16:30 ET Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan Starting April 1st, the airline will operate a daily non-stop service between Mexico City and Detroit; The new route adds to the carrier's recent announcement of new service between Monterrey and Detroit, starting on May 1st DETROIT, MI--(Marketwired - April 03, 2017) - Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, announces its new route in the United States: Detroit-Mexico City that started with a daily non-stop flight on April 1st. This flight adds to the recent announcement of the Monterrey-Detroit route, starting on May 1st. The Mexico City flight is operated with Boeing 737-700 and 737-800 aircraft. And the Monterrey flight will be operated with Embraer 190 aircraft. The flight schedules are listed below:       Detroit-Mexico City*   Mexico City-Detroit* AM 431   3:35 p.m.   7:05 p.m.   Daily   AM 430   9:01 a.m.   2:20 p.m.   Daily                               Detroit-Monterrey*   Monterrey-Detroit* AM 627   2:45 p.m.   5:40 p.m.   Daily   AM 626   8:39 a.m.   1:16 p.m.   Daily *Schedules are published in local time and are subject to changes without notice "These new routes will increase connectivity options between Mexico and the United States, as we offer more than 3,000 seats per week to our business and leisure customers, convenient connections will be available to Aguascalientes, Queretaro, Bajio, Hermosillo and other key cities with a strong influence on the automotive industry," said Jorge Goytortua, Senior VP Global Sales. "Detroit adds to our destination network in the United States, and its customer flow will arrive from our main airline hubs: Mexico City and Monterrey; over 85,000 domestic automotive passengers transit between Mexico and 'The Motor City' every year," added the executive. "Local traffic to Mexico is growing, so it makes sense that Aeromexico wants to be here in Detroit," said Airport Authority CEO Joseph Nardone. "As Michigan bounces back, we continue seeing more airlines take an interest in Detroit, which is positive economic news for our businesses and community." Aeromexico has served the U.S. market for more than 60 years, and has a strong presence in major cities in Central and South America, Canada, Europe and Asia. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/3/11G134856/Images/Detroit_Willow_Image-05b98a220b2bb9e6aa17ed5160b3cc6d.jpg Contact Information Contact information (for media inquiries only): Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company AeroMexico From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Recreation Airlines Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Astronics Corporation Acquires Custom Controls Concepts EAST AURORA, N.Y.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Astronics Corporation (NASDAQ:ATRO), a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense, and semiconductor industries, announced today that is has purchased the operating assets of Custom Controls Concepts (CCC), located in Kent, Washington. CCC is the established market share leader in providing cabin management and in-flight entertainment (IFE) systems for the complete range of privately operated Boeing and Airbus aircraft, along with other select fixed and rotary wing aircraft models. Founded in 1998, CCC has completed more than 165 technology installations to date. Peter J. Gundermann, President and Chief Executive Officer of Astronics Corporation, said, “We are pleased to have CCC join our company and contribute their capabilities, technologies and strong customer relationships. We are very familiar with the VVIP market through our PGA Avionics subsidiary, and, while current market conditions are challenging, we believe the cooperative pursuits of PGA and CCC working together will provide best-in-class technology and innovation to our customers. The addition of CCC furthers Astronics’ commitment to be the global leader in this market as it recovers in the coming years.” Astronics does not expect the acquisition to materially impact 2017 earnings, and has not released the terms of the transaction at this time. ABOUT ASTRONICS CORPORATION Astronics Corporation (NASDAQ:ATRO) is a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense and semiconductor industries. Astronics’ products and services include advanced, high-performance electrical power generation and distribution systems, seat motion solutions, lighting and safety systems, avionics products, aircraft structures, systems certification and automated test systems. Astronics’ strategy is to increase its value by developing technologies and capabilities, either internally or through acquisition, and using those capabilities to provide innovative solutions to its targeted markets and other markets where its technology can be beneficial. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Astronics has a reputation for high-quality designs, exceptional responsiveness, strong brand recognition and best-in-class manufacturing practices. For more information on Astronics and its products, visit www.Astronics.com. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. One can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “estimate” or other similar expressions. Because such statements apply to future events, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what may be stated here include the state of the aerospace, defense, consumer electronics and semiconductor industries, the market acceptance of newly developed products, internal production capabilities, the timing of orders received, the status of customer certification processes and delivery schedules, the demand for and market acceptance of new or existing aircraft which contain the Company’s products, the need for new and advanced test and simulation equipment, customer preferences and other factors which are described in filings by Astronics with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking information in this news release whether to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or prospects, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Griffon Announces the Retirement of Alan H. Koblin and the Appointment of Ronald E. Zinco as President of Clopay Plastic Products Company Next PostNext MeetMe Announces Closing of if(we) Acquisition and Rebrands to The Meet Group Search Recent Posts Global Life Science and Analytical Instruments Market to Reach $44.75 Billion by 2021 Global Catheters, Needles, and Cannulas Market is Expected to Reach $53.6 Billion by 2021 Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions Camden Property Trust Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates DCT Industrial Trust® Invites You to Join Its First Quarter 2017 Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Astronics Corporation Acquires Custom Controls Concepts Market Leader in Cabin and In-Flight Entertainment Systems Enhances Astronics’ VVIP Aircraft Offerings April 03, 2017 04:15 PM Eastern Daylight Time EAST AURORA, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Astronics Corporation (NASDAQ:ATRO), a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense, and semiconductor industries, announced today that is has purchased the operating assets of Custom Controls Concepts (CCC), located in Kent, Washington. CCC is the established market share leader in providing cabin management and in-flight entertainment (IFE) systems for the complete range of privately operated Boeing and Airbus aircraft, along with other select fixed and rotary wing aircraft models. Founded in 1998, CCC has completed more than 165 technology installations to date. Peter J. Gundermann, President and Chief Executive Officer of Astronics Corporation, said, “We are pleased to have CCC join our company and contribute their capabilities, technologies and strong customer relationships. We are very familiar with the VVIP market through our PGA Avionics subsidiary, and, while current market conditions are challenging, we believe the cooperative pursuits of PGA and CCC working together will provide best-in-class technology and innovation to our customers. The addition of CCC furthers Astronics’ commitment to be the global leader in this market as it recovers in the coming years.” Astronics does not expect the acquisition to materially impact 2017 earnings, and has not released the terms of the transaction at this time. ABOUT ASTRONICS CORPORATION Astronics Corporation (NASDAQ:ATRO) is a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense and semiconductor industries. Astronics’ products and services include advanced, high-performance electrical power generation and distribution systems, seat motion solutions, lighting and safety systems, avionics products, aircraft structures, systems certification and automated test systems. Astronics’ strategy is to increase its value by developing technologies and capabilities, either internally or through acquisition, and using those capabilities to provide innovative solutions to its targeted markets and other markets where its technology can be beneficial. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Astronics has a reputation for high-quality designs, exceptional responsiveness, strong brand recognition and best-in-class manufacturing practices. For more information on Astronics and its products, visit www.Astronics.com. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. One can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “estimate” or other similar expressions. Because such statements apply to future events, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what may be stated here include the state of the aerospace, defense, consumer electronics and semiconductor industries, the market acceptance of newly developed products, internal production capabilities, the timing of orders received, the status of customer certification processes and delivery schedules, the demand for and market acceptance of new or existing aircraft which contain the Company’s products, the need for new and advanced test and simulation equipment, customer preferences and other factors which are described in filings by Astronics with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking information in this news release whether to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or prospects, or otherwise. Contacts Astronics Corporation David Burney, 716-805-1599, ext. 159 Chief Financial Officer david.burney@astronics.com or Kei Advisors LLC Deborah Pawlowski, 716-843-3908 Investor Relations dpawlowski@keiadvisors.com Release Summary Astronics Corporation (NASDAQ: ATRO) announces that it has purchased the operating assets of Custom Controls Concepts (CCC), located in Kent, Washington. Contacts Astronics Corporation David Burney, 716-805-1599, ext. 159 Chief Financial Officer david.burney@astronics.com or Kei Advisors LLC Deborah Pawlowski, 716-843-3908 Investor Relations dpawlowski@keiadvisors.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan Starting April 1st, the airline will operate a daily non-stop service between Mexico City and Detroit; The new route adds to the carrier’s recent announcement of new service between Monterrey and Detroit, starting on May 1st DETROIT, MI–(Marketwired – April 03, 2017) – Aeromexico, Mexico’s global airline, announces its new route in the United States: Detroit-Mexico City that started with a daily non-stop flight on April 1st. This flight adds to the recent announcement of the Monterrey-Detroit route, starting on May 1st. The Mexico City flight is operated with Boeing 737-700 and 737-800 aircraft. And the Monterrey flight will be operated with Embraer 190 aircraft. The flight schedules are listed below:       Detroit-Mexico City*   Mexico City-Detroit* AM 431   3:35 p.m.   7:05 p.m.   Daily   AM 430   9:01 a.m.   2:20 p.m.   Daily                               Detroit-Monterrey*   Monterrey-Detroit* AM 627   2:45 p.m.   5:40 p.m.   Daily   AM 626   8:39 a.m.   1:16 p.m.   Daily *Schedules are published in local time and are subject to changes without notice „These new routes will increase connectivity options between Mexico and the United States, as we offer more than 3,000 seats per week to our business and leisure customers, convenient connections will be available to Aguascalientes, Queretaro, Bajio, Hermosillo and other key cities with a strong influence on the automotive industry,” said Jorge Goytortua, Senior VP Global Sales. „Detroit adds to our destination network in the United States, and its customer flow will arrive from our main airline hubs: Mexico City and Monterrey; over 85,000 domestic automotive passengers transit between Mexico and ‚The Motor City’ every year,” added the executive. „Local traffic to Mexico is growing, so it makes sense that Aeromexico wants to be here in Detroit,” said Airport Authority CEO Joseph Nardone. „As Michigan bounces back, we continue seeing more airlines take an interest in Detroit, which is positive economic news for our businesses and community.” Aeromexico has served the U.S. market for more than 60 years, and has a strong presence in major cities in Central and South America, Canada, Europe and Asia. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico’s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group’s fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/3/11G134856/Images/Detroit_Willow_Image-05b98a220b2bb9e6aa17ed5160b3cc6d.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FPL to generate even cleaner power for customers while keeping rates low with plans for major solar expansion and natural gas power plant modernization Next PostNext Serengeti Announces Positive PEA Results: 21% IRR Pre-tax for Kwanika Copper-Gold Project Search Recent Posts LyondellBasell Joins the Astros Foundation Community Leaders Program FirstService Corporation Announces Upcoming Meeting and Financial Reporting Dates FirstService Corporation Announces Upcoming Meeting and Financial Reporting Dates Bombardiers Chief Executive Officer veröffentlicht Erklärung über die Anpassung der Vergütung 2016 für leitende Führungskräfte Bombardiers Chief Executive Officer veröffentlicht Erklärung über die Anpassung der Vergütung 2016 für leitende Führungskräfte Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: AeroMexico April 03, 2017 16:30 ET Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan Starting April 1st, the airline will operate a daily non-stop service between Mexico City and Detroit; The new route adds to the carrier's recent announcement of new service between Monterrey and Detroit, starting on May 1st DETROIT, MI--(Marketwired - April 03, 2017) - Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, announces its new route in the United States: Detroit-Mexico City that started with a daily non-stop flight on April 1st. This flight adds to the recent announcement of the Monterrey-Detroit route, starting on May 1st. The Mexico City flight is operated with Boeing 737-700 and 737-800 aircraft. And the Monterrey flight will be operated with Embraer 190 aircraft. The flight schedules are listed below:       Detroit-Mexico City*   Mexico City-Detroit* AM 431   3:35 p.m.   7:05 p.m.   Daily   AM 430   9:01 a.m.   2:20 p.m.   Daily                               Detroit-Monterrey*   Monterrey-Detroit* AM 627   2:45 p.m.   5:40 p.m.   Daily   AM 626   8:39 a.m.   1:16 p.m.   Daily *Schedules are published in local time and are subject to changes without notice "These new routes will increase connectivity options between Mexico and the United States, as we offer more than 3,000 seats per week to our business and leisure customers, convenient connections will be available to Aguascalientes, Queretaro, Bajio, Hermosillo and other key cities with a strong influence on the automotive industry," said Jorge Goytortua, Senior VP Global Sales. "Detroit adds to our destination network in the United States, and its customer flow will arrive from our main airline hubs: Mexico City and Monterrey; over 85,000 domestic automotive passengers transit between Mexico and 'The Motor City' every year," added the executive. "Local traffic to Mexico is growing, so it makes sense that Aeromexico wants to be here in Detroit," said Airport Authority CEO Joseph Nardone. "As Michigan bounces back, we continue seeing more airlines take an interest in Detroit, which is positive economic news for our businesses and community." Aeromexico has served the U.S. market for more than 60 years, and has a strong presence in major cities in Central and South America, Canada, Europe and Asia. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/3/11G134856/Images/Detroit_Willow_Image-05b98a220b2bb9e6aa17ed5160b3cc6d.jpg Contact Information Contact information (for media inquiries only): Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company AeroMexico From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Recreation Airlines Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Aeromexico Inaugurates Its New Route to Detroit, Michigan View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Astronics Corporation Acquires Custom Controls Concepts By Published: Apr 3, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share Market Leader in Cabin and In-Flight Entertainment Systems Enhances Astronics’ VVIP Aircraft Offerings EAST AURORA, N.Y., Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Astronics Corporation ATRO, -2.80% a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense, and semiconductor industries, announced today that is has purchased the operating assets of Custom Controls Concepts (CCC), located in Kent, Washington. CCC is the established market share leader in providing cabin management and in-flight entertainment (IFE) systems for the complete range of privately operated Boeing and Airbus aircraft, along with other select fixed and rotary wing aircraft models. Founded in 1998, CCC has completed more than 165 technology installations to date. Peter J. Gundermann, President and Chief Executive Officer of Astronics Corporation, said, “We are pleased to have CCC join our company and contribute their capabilities, technologies and strong customer relationships. We are very familiar with the VVIP market through our PGA Avionics subsidiary, and, while current market conditions are challenging, we believe the cooperative pursuits of PGA and CCC working together will provide best-in-class technology and innovation to our customers. The addition of CCC furthers Astronics’ commitment to be the global leader in this market as it recovers in the coming years.” Astronics does not expect the acquisition to materially impact 2017 earnings, and has not released the terms of the transaction at this time. ABOUT ASTRONICS CORPORATION Astronics Corporation ATRO, -2.80% is a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense and semiconductor industries. Astronics’ products and services include advanced, high-performance electrical power generation and distribution systems, seat motion solutions, lighting and safety systems, avionics products, aircraft structures, systems certification and automated test systems. Astronics’ strategy is to increase its value by developing technologies and capabilities, either internally or through acquisition, and using those capabilities to provide innovative solutions to its targeted markets and other markets where its technology can be beneficial. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Astronics has a reputation for high-quality designs, exceptional responsiveness, strong brand recognition and best-in-class manufacturing practices. For more information on Astronics and its products, visit www.Astronics.com. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. One can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “estimate” or other similar expressions. Because such statements apply to future events, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what may be stated here include the state of the aerospace, defense, consumer electronics and semiconductor industries, the market acceptance of newly developed products, internal production capabilities, the timing of orders received, the status of customer certification processes and delivery schedules, the demand for and market acceptance of new or existing aircraft which contain the Company’s products, the need for new and advanced test and simulation equipment, customer preferences and other factors which are described in filings by Astronics with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking information in this news release whether to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or prospects, or otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403006493/en/ SOURCE: Astronics Corporation Astronics Corporation David Burney, 716-805-1599, ext. 159 Chief Financial Officer david.burney@astronics.com or Kei Advisors LLC Deborah Pawlowski, 716-843-3908 Investor Relations dpawlowski@keiadvisors.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References ATRO -0.89 -2.80% Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Astronics Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: ATRO $30.84 -0.89 (-2.80%) Volume 129.2K Open $31.91 High $31.99 Low $30.50 P/E Ratio 17.62 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 923.8M Astronics Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: ATRO $30.84 -0.89 (-2.80%) Volume 129.2K Open $31.91 High $31.99 Low $30.50 P/E Ratio 17.62 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 923.8M
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are Driven by Increasing Demand for Lightweight UAV Payload Market Overview: UAV Payload and Subsystems are mainly used in Aerospace (aviation and space flight). UAVs are controlled remotely either by a pilot at a ground station or by onboard computers. Payloads are one of the major components in UAVs. These payloads consist of various equipment and systems depending on their specific mission requirement. Many different types of UAVs have been developed and inducted into military operations with the technology has advanced in the last one decade, Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are driven by the increasing demand for lightweight UAV payload. The carbon composite materials are widely used in manufacturing UAV airframes. These materials ensure reduced weight and enhanced service life which also reduces the overall maintenance cost per flight (landing). Companies have vastly adopted the trend of using these composite manufacturing technologies for UAVs. Access Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/uav-payload-subsyste… Competitive Analysis- Major Key Players in UAV Payload and Subsystems Market are The leading market players in the global UAV Payload and Subsystems market primarily include AeroVironment, Boeing, Elbit Systems, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. The other prominent vendor includes Controp Precision Technologies Ltd, Alpha Unmanned Systems, BAE Systems, and Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. Market Segments Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market is segmented in to two key dynamics for better understanding of the market – Segmentation by the payload & by the region. • Segmentation by Payload: Comprises of C41, Radar, Electronic Warfare, Electro-optc/infrared Sensors, Communication and Signal Intelligence and INS. • Segmentation By Region: Comprises of Geographical Regions. Request a Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1237 Study Objectives of UAV Payload and Subsystems Market • The report provides detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market • Offers insights about factors affecting the market growth • Enables to analyze the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market based on various factors – price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • Provides historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) • Offers country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • Provides country-level analysis of the market for segment by payload and regions • Offers strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • Enables to track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 40 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 103 numbers of pages of the project report “UAV Payload and Subsystems Market – Forecast to 2021” Regional and Country Analysis Americas UAV Payload and Subsystems market is poised to reach to the multitudes of billions by 2021, the market is to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during the forecasted period. Whereas, EMEA and Asia Pacific will grow at a considerable rate of CAGR. The reports also cover country level analysis. Key Findings • In 2015, Americas account the maximum market share of around 50%, followed by EMEA with 22%, and APAC with 28%. • In 2015, C4I systems captured the market with a share of around 32% and also expect to lead the market in 2021 • In Americas, the number of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in 2012 was 6,316 and is likely to reach 8,300 by 2017 Brief TOC of Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of the Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For the Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions and Limitations 5. Research Methodology Continued…. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation Machine Market in Europe Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Next PostNext Electroceutical Devices Market: Global Markets & Advanced Technologies Search Recent Posts Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Coldstream Grows with Addition of Rainier Group Streamline Health® To Report Fourth Quarter And Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Performance On April 10, 2017 Norfolk Southern to hold first-quarter 2017 earnings conference call April 26 ACRU: Court Wrongly Applied Establishment Clause in Immigration Ban Case Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Business Jobs departing U.S. for Mexico again as Trump’s threats ignored Mexico Kevin Geil / San Antonio Express-News Despite threats from President Donald Trump to keep jobs in the U.S., companies continue to shift work to Mexico. Despite threats from President Donald Trump to keep jobs in the U.S., companies continue to shift work to Mexico. (Kevin Geil / San Antonio Express-News) Thomas BlackBloomberg After Donald Trump’s election, the flow of manufacturers setting up shop south of the border dwindled to a trickle. Ford Motor Co. and Carrier Corp., caught in Trump’s Twitter crosshairs, scrapped plans to move jobs to Mexico in two very public examples of the slowdown. But now the pace is picking back up. Illinois Tool Works Inc. will close an auto-parts plant in Mazon, Ill., and head to Ciudad Juarez. Triumph Group Inc. is reducing the Spokane, Wash., workforce that makes fiber-composite parts for Boeing Co. aircraft and moving production to Zacatecas and Baja California. TE Connectivity Ltd. is shuttering a pressure-sensor plant in Pennsauken, N.J., in favor of a facility in Hermosillo. While Trump hasn’t stopped pounding his America First bully pulpit, and the future of NAFTA remains uncertain, “there’s cautious optimism and a hopeful attitude that cooler heads will prevail in Washington,” said Ross Baldwin, chief executive officer of Tacna Services Inc., which facilitates relocations. These three U.S. companies moved jobs to Mexico. Here's why Jim Puzzanghera Brake Parts Inc. had manufactured brake calipers at a factory in the Central Valley community of Chowchilla for nearly 30 years, but a company executive said pressure was growing to reduce costs as competitors moved their factory work to Mexico. About a year ago, employees got the bad news: Operations... Brake Parts Inc. had manufactured brake calipers at a factory in the Central Valley community of Chowchilla for nearly 30 years, but a company executive said pressure was growing to reduce costs as competitors moved their factory work to Mexico. About a year ago, employees got the bad news: Operations... (Jim Puzzanghera) Baldwin has seen the evidence: After business ground to a halt back in November, he’s now juggling two Mexico-bound clients. San Diego-based Tacna helps manage 4,500 workers in Mexico, where factory wages are about a fifth of those in the U.S. That may explain why Mexican manufacturing jobs rose 3.2 percent in January from a year ago as they dropped 0.3 percent in the U.S. The renewed exodus shows how difficult it will be for Trump to turn the macroeconomic tide just by jawboning alone. Last week, he trumpeted a Ford investment in Michigan plants with a cap-lock fanfare: “JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” The $1.2 billion will create or retain only 130 positions, though. (While Ford canceled plans in November for a new $1.6 billion facility in Mexico, winning Trump’s praise, it employs more than 7,000 workers in that country.) Trump’s plans to renegotiate NAFTA and talk of punitive tariffs can’t erase the need to manufacture in lower-cost countries, said Alan Russell, CEO of El Paso, Texas-based Tecma Group., which also helps open and operate factories in Mexico. European companies tap the Czech Republic for low wages and Asia has Vietnam, and the U.S. needs Mexico to remain competitive with labor-intensive products, he said. “This isn’t about taking jobs from the U.S. — it’s about saving companies,” he said. Ford's bow to Trump benefits robots, not workers Mark Gilbert Ford's decision this week to scrap a $1.6 billion investment in Mexico, following criticism from Donald Trump, shows government intervention can be "good for industry and it's good for employment," according to French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen. As far as the workers in this particular... Ford's decision this week to scrap a $1.6 billion investment in Mexico, following criticism from Donald Trump, shows government intervention can be "good for industry and it's good for employment," according to French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen. As far as the workers in this particular... (Mark Gilbert) Russell helped Firstronic LLC open a factory in Juarez in 2014 to make circuit boards for customers including Audi and Tesla Inc. Workers, sporting maroon lab coats and wearing rubber straps on their shoes to ward off static electricity, make about $10 a day running computer-driven machines that insert capacitors and resistors onto green boards and solder them into place. The Juarez expansion — and joint ventures in the Czech Republic and China — was a factor in Grand Rapids, Mich.-based Firstronic winning larger contracts from producers of auto parts and medical supplies, said CEO John Sammut. His sales are surging at a 30 percent annual clip. In Spokane, Triumph Group dismissed almost 80 production workers in January and plans to eliminate another 30 jobs by August as it moves work to Mexican plants, said Steve Warren, a local official of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. “They are being pressured to supply parts as low-cost as possible,” he said. Tapping cheap labor sometimes isn’t just about lowering costs but accelerating growth. Large purchasers, including Kongsberg Automotive and Dura Automotive Systems, prefer to deal with a few global suppliers rather than a myriad of local companies. “If we were only producing in the U.S., we would lose out on the vast majority of the contract opportunities,” Sammut said. With the increase in business, Firstronic has added revenue and jobs in Grand Rapids, he said. Trump promised to bring back coal jobs. That promise 'will not be kept,' experts say. Darryl Fears President Donald Trump lifted a moratorium on federal coal leases Tuesday, paving the way for excavation of a fossil fuel on public land in the West that few mining companies seem to want. With coal miners gathered around him, Trump signed an executive order rolling back a temporary ban on mining... President Donald Trump lifted a moratorium on federal coal leases Tuesday, paving the way for excavation of a fossil fuel on public land in the West that few mining companies seem to want. With coal miners gathered around him, Trump signed an executive order rolling back a temporary ban on mining... (Darryl Fears) Businesses haven’t dismissed a NAFTA renegotiation or policies being considered in Washington that might prove costly. A plan by House Republicans to implement a 20 percent border adjustment tax has raised concerns, especially among retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that import many of their wares. The tax would be applied to sales of imported goods to reduce the U.S. trade deficit, which reached $734 billion in 2016. Trump repeated to a joint session of Congress in February his refrain that that he will make it “much, much harder for companies to leave our country.” But his recent stumbles — travel bans blocked by courts and a health care bill scuttled by his own party — underscore the limitations on presidential power and the difficulty he may have punishing companies or overhauling NAFTA. At a February conference in El Paso to discuss how Trump’s policies may affect trade, most in the room of plant managers, supply-chain officers and suppliers predicted NAFTA would likely be changed but not discarded, and that the changes might not be harmful. Whatever happens, Russell said his business fostering Mexican manufacturing will grow this year. The pressure to reduce costs is that relentless. “When you dissect the worst-case scenarios, it still makes sense to go forward with their business plans,” he said. “It’s a competitive world.” Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Mexico Donald Trump North American Free Trade Agreement Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Illinois contractor bidding to build Trump's border wall — with a tourist draw Fight escalates between chairman of Tribune parent and LA billionaire Why did Cracker Barrel fire Brad's wife? The Internet demands answers. Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 48°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Curtiss-Wright Introduces Cost-Effective COTS-based Radiation-Tolerant Data Acquisition System for Space Based Applications 33RD SPACE SYMPOSIUM – Curtiss-Wright’s Defense Solutions division today introduced the Smart Backplane subsystem (KAM/CSB/12U), a rugged multi-slot chassis designed specifically to address the unique performance and environmental requirements of data acquisition, data processing, and recording in radiation-intensive space environments. Because the Smart Backplane is designed as a commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) solution, it lowers the cost of space flight while speeding development time and significantly reducing program risk. A fundamental threat for electronics systems deployed in radiation-intensive environments is the destructive power of Single Event Latch-Ups (SEL). Until now, this threat has required the use of costly radiation-hardened electronics hardware. The Smart Backplane is the central component to the first data acquisition system designed for space applications that provides radiation protection in a manner that enables the use of 100+ cost-effective standard COTS I/O modules. Curtiss-Wright’s Smart Backplane technology has already been selected by The Boeing Company to supply rugged data handling avionics for use in the Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 spacecraft. More recently, Smart Backplane was selected by Italy’s ELV SpA (Avio Group) to provide a COTS-based telemetry data system for the new VEGA-C launcher. The highly rugged Smart Backplane is designed for use in demanding space-based mission critical data handling applications on launch vehicles, re-entry vehicles, and low earth orbit satellites. “Curtiss-Wright has a long, proud legacy of innovation in the aviation and aerospace industries, and we are very excited to be continuing this heritage into the 21st Century with our unique Smart Backplane technology that helps lower the cost of space flight programs through the use of proven, rugged COTS electronics,” said Lynn Bamford, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Defense Solutions division. “Smart Backplane furthers our commitment to becoming the leading provider of data handling avionics for spacecraft.” A COTS Radiation Tolerant Solution for Data Acquisition Curtiss-Wright’s breakthrough Smart Backplane technology provides system designers with an intelligent multi-slot backplane that protects its critical data acquisition electronics with a unique radiation tolerant architecture. If a potential SEL is detected on any of the chassis’ COTS modules, the Smart Backplane resets the operation of that module only. Typically the affected module is back operating again within a few seconds, eliminating the potential harmful effects of ionizing radiation, which can result in electronic circuit malfunction. Smart Backplane also helps to reduce the platform’s overall power requirements because it enables any of the chassis modules to be commanded individually to switch on or off during different phases of a spacecraft mission. For maximum reliability, the backplane also provides continuous health status information to the on-board mission computer as well as a watchdogging capability (e.g. it monitors whether an SEL is detected repeatedly in the same module, or if the unit temperature exceeds a pre-defined value). About SEL Threats An SEL is the inadvertent creation of a low-impedance path on an integrated circuit and is caused by ionizing radiation. The SEL triggers a high current which disrupts proper functioning of the circuit, possibly even leading to its destruction due to overcurrent. A fast power cycle is required to correct this situation and prevent permanent damage occurring in the device. For more information on Curtiss-Wright’s experience in space programs, please visit curtisswrightds.com/space. About Curtiss-Wright Corporation Curtiss-Wright Corporation (curtisswright.com) is a global innovative company that delivers highly engineered, critical function products and services to the commercial, industrial, defense and energy markets. Building on the heritage of Glenn Curtiss and the Wright brothers, Curtiss-Wright has a long tradition of providing reliable solutions through trusted customer relationships. The company employs approximately 8,000 people worldwide. NOTE: All trademarks are property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsElectronics/Instrumentation/RFID Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IBM Opens Budapest Software Lab to Develop Cloud Video Solutions Next PostNext American Humane Named A Top-rated Charity With An „A” Rating By American Institute Of Philanthropy’s CharityWatch Search Recent Posts Global Life Science and Analytical Instruments Market to Reach $44.75 Billion by 2021 Global Catheters, Needles, and Cannulas Market is Expected to Reach $53.6 Billion by 2021 Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions Camden Property Trust Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates DCT Industrial Trust® Invites You to Join Its First Quarter 2017 Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
CLOSE More Options
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Mobile Industrial Robots Launches New MiR200 More Powerful Autonomous Mobile Robot that Supports Easier Programming and Flexible Deployment for Faster ROI CHICAGO & ODENSE, Denmark–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mobile Industrial Robots, (MiR), a next-generation developer and manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), is launching its newest robot, the MiR200, at Automate 2017 in Chicago today. The MiR200 is a more powerful mobile robot in almost every aspect than the company’s flagship MiR100, which has already been installed in more than 30 countries by companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Flex, Honeywell, Michelin, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Walmart. MiR’s industry-leading AMRs are a dramatic improvement over legacy automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which require the expensive and inflexible installation of sensors or magnets into factory floors for guidance. MiR products are designed to give owners the flexibility to easily redeploy the robots to different processes or facility layouts to support changing business needs and agile manufacturing processes. With the launch of the MiR200, customers now have even more choices in how to effectively, quickly and cost-effectively automate their material transportation needs. “Our robots are changing the game for any size business, from small, regional companies to large multinationals,” said MiR CEO Thomas Visti. “With the new interface of the MiR200, it’s even easier for companies to program the robot themselves and adapt its deployment as their business evolves. That’s critical for their competitiveness, and supports extremely fast ROI. The robot typically pays for itself in less than a year, even in very dynamic environments.” MiR200 offers game-changing user interface, performance and ROI The MiR200 updates MiR’s already-intuitive web-based user interface, making programming even easier for users who have no previous experience and allowing for even more optimized implementation. Updates include customizable dashboards, improved mapping, easier creation of robot missions and tasks, multi-level permissions, responsive web design and comprehensive browser support. Integrated help and product documentation provides additional guidance. The powerful MiR200 doubles the payload capacity of the MiR100 to 200kg/440lbs, and offers a MiRHook option for autonomous towing of carts up to 500kg/1102lbs. The robot offers exceptional flexibility for top modules—including racks, shelves, conveyors, lifts or even collaborative robot arms—which can be easily customized and mounted to meet specific application requirements. With its ESD-compliant exterior, the MiR200 is ideal for electronic assembly applications where parts being transported must be protected from electrostatic discharge. MiR robots offer more high-performance sensor technologies than any other mobile robot on the market. Six separate sensor systems feed data to the robot’s real-time navigation and safety algorithms. This enables quick decisions for highly efficient and safe operation of the robot, even in changing situations where people, extension cords, pallets or boxes can create unpredictable obstacles. Full 360-degree scanning allows the robot to safely back up, rather than being limited to forward motion. Additional sensors prevent blindspots by identifying obstacles above the robot, such as a table, and can look ahead and down to identify holes or stairwells, as well as clear obstacles such as glass walls. Visit MiR at Automate 2017, Booth #1468 to see the MiR200 in action, along with the rest of the MiR product line. Additional photos can be downloaded here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/about-us/marketing Additional information is available here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/products/mir200 About MiR Mobile Industrial Robots is headquartered in Odense, Denmark where the company was founded in 2013 by experienced professionals from the Danish robotics industry. MiR develops and sells the most advanced mobile robots for internal transportation of goods in both the manufacturing and health care industries. MiR has quickly established a global distribution network in more than 30 countries, and the company has grown rapidly with a 500 percent increase in sales from 2015 to 2016. The company recently set up regional offices in Shanghai and New York. MiR supplies its collaborative, safe and autonomous robots to multinational industrial groups and mid-sized companies. MiR robots carry out internal transportation tasks quickly, easily and cost-effectively, to free employees for more valuable activities. Hundreds of manufacturers worldwide, as well as hospitals and care facilities, already use MiR’s innovative robots. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smartphone use and likelihood of addiction Next PostNext Harland Clarke to Present Research on Small-to-Medium Businesses During 2017 CBA LIVE Search Recent Posts Digital Panel Meter Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Murata Power Solutions, Red Lion Controls, OMRON, InnoVista Sensors Distillation Packings Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Sulzer, Koch-Glitsch, Raschig, RVT Process Equipment Document Shredder Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Fellowes, ACCO, HSM, Ideal Electronic Access Control Systems Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Honeywell, ASSA Abloy, SIEMENS, TYCO Frozen Yogurt Market 2022: by Key Manufacturers Perfectime, llaollao, Micat, eimio Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Mobile Industrial Robots Launches New MiR200 More Powerful Autonomous Mobile Robot that Supports Easier Programming and Flexible Deployment for Faster ROI By Published: Apr 3, 2017 1:30 p.m. ET Share MiR200 adds significant user interface and programming enhancements, doubles payload to 200kg and towing capacity to 500kg and offers ESD compliance for electronic assembly applications CHICAGO & ODENSE, Denmark, Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Mobile Industrial Robots, (MiR), a next-generation developer and manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), is launching its newest robot, the MiR200, at Automate 2017 in Chicago today. The MiR200 is a more powerful mobile robot in almost every aspect than the company’s flagship MiR100, which has already been installed in more than 30 countries by companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Flex, Honeywell, Michelin, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Walmart. MiR’s industry-leading AMRs are a dramatic improvement over legacy automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which require the expensive and inflexible installation of sensors or magnets into factory floors for guidance. MiR products are designed to give owners the flexibility to easily redeploy the robots to different processes or facility layouts to support changing business needs and agile manufacturing processes. With the launch of the MiR200, customers now have even more choices in how to effectively, quickly and cost-effectively automate their material transportation needs. “Our robots are changing the game for any size business, from small, regional companies to large multinationals,” said MiR CEO Thomas Visti. “With the new interface of the MiR200, it’s even easier for companies to program the robot themselves and adapt its deployment as their business evolves. That’s critical for their competitiveness, and supports extremely fast ROI. The robot typically pays for itself in less than a year, even in very dynamic environments.” MiR200 offers game-changing user interface, performance and ROI The MiR200 updates MiR’s already-intuitive web-based user interface, making programming even easier for users who have no previous experience and allowing for even more optimized implementation. Updates include customizable dashboards, improved mapping, easier creation of robot missions and tasks, multi-level permissions, responsive web design and comprehensive browser support. Integrated help and product documentation provides additional guidance. The powerful MiR200 doubles the payload capacity of the MiR100 to 200kg/440lbs, and offers a MiRHook option for autonomous towing of carts up to 500kg/1102lbs. The robot offers exceptional flexibility for top modules—including racks, shelves, conveyors, lifts or even collaborative robot arms—which can be easily customized and mounted to meet specific application requirements. With its ESD-compliant exterior, the MiR200 is ideal for electronic assembly applications where parts being transported must be protected from electrostatic discharge. MiR robots offer more high-performance sensor technologies than any other mobile robot on the market. Six separate sensor systems feed data to the robot’s real-time navigation and safety algorithms. This enables quick decisions for highly efficient and safe operation of the robot, even in changing situations where people, extension cords, pallets or boxes can create unpredictable obstacles. Full 360-degree scanning allows the robot to safely back up, rather than being limited to forward motion. Additional sensors prevent blindspots by identifying obstacles above the robot, such as a table, and can look ahead and down to identify holes or stairwells, as well as clear obstacles such as glass walls. Visit MiR at Automate 2017, Booth #1468 to see the MiR200 in action, along with the rest of the MiR product line. Additional photos can be downloaded here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/about-us/marketing Additional information is available here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/products/mir200 About MiR Mobile Industrial Robots is headquartered in Odense, Denmark where the company was founded in 2013 by experienced professionals from the Danish robotics industry. MiR develops and sells the most advanced mobile robots for internal transportation of goods in both the manufacturing and health care industries. MiR has quickly established a global distribution network in more than 30 countries, and the company has grown rapidly with a 500 percent increase in sales from 2015 to 2016. The company recently set up regional offices in Shanghai and New York. MiR supplies its collaborative, safe and autonomous robots to multinational industrial groups and mid-sized companies. MiR robots carry out internal transportation tasks quickly, easily and cost-effectively, to free employees for more valuable activities. Hundreds of manufacturers worldwide, as well as hospitals and care facilities, already use MiR’s innovative robots. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403005929/en/ SOURCE: Mobile Industrial Robots"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@MobileIndRobots Press: Hughes Communications, Inc. Cheryl Coupé, 1+503-705-4189 cheryl@hughescom.net or Mobile Industrial Robots: Ed Mullen, 1+631-675-1838 emu@mir-robots.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Travel All Travel News Beach City Cruise UK Family £9.50 Hols Not Nirvana, but pure bliss Seattle is the grunge capital with so much more to offer A nine-hour flight from the UK — with a new direct Virgin Atlantic route starting this week — Seattle is famous for coffee, rockers Nirvana ... and rain By NICK PISA 3rd April 2017, 3:21 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments MORE people die taking crazy selfies than are killed by sharks. In an underwater cage at the Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium in Tacoma, near Seattle, this is reassuring to hear. 4 Swimming with sharks When the door is opened, all that stops us being a shark’s supper is the instructor brandishing a piece of plastic tubing to ward them off. The experience was amazing, the sleek beasts gliding past just a few feet away. Getty Images 4 The Seattle skyline That is just one of the thrills in store on the US’s rugged Pacific Northwest coast. A nine-hour flight from the UK — with a new direct Virgin Atlantic route starting this week — Seattle is famous for coffee, rockers Nirvana … and rain. We were lucky on our July trip, with blue skies and blazing sun. The area offers loads of excitement for outdoor types, with hiking and biking on land, shark diving and kayaking in the water. Get the best of both worlds with a five-mile hike or bike ride through the beautiful Point Defiance park, with its sweeping bay views. Just 40 minutes’ drive away is the massive Boeing aircraft production plant and hipster Seattle. At the Space Needle, a lift whisks you up 605ft in just 41 seconds. Close by, the EMP music museum honours Kurt Cobain, and his fellow Seattle legend Jimi Hendrix. Getty Images - WireImage 4 Kurt Cobain Or get an even better view with a ride in a seaplane. On a 25-minute flight with Kenmore Air, we glimpsed mighty Mount Rainier and volcanic Mount St Helens, which blew half its summit away in 1980. Seattle is a foodie’s delight. Even so, swing by the original Starbucks in Pike Place Market to spot the famous mermaid sign … breasts uncovered. The queue of selfie hunters stretched round the block. 4 Public Market The buzzing market boasts 200 mouthwatering food stalls, with the emphasis on “Floss” — fresh, local, organic, seasonal and sustainable. But don’t miss the Gum Wall, a cobblestone alley where visitors stick chewing gum to the brickwork. The smell is overpowering and while the colours are amazing, best watch your step to avoid a sticky mess. Home for the trip was the Fairmont Olympic, a historic hotel in Seattle’s heart favoured by visiting US presidents. It was famously trashed by punk outfit the Ramones in 1977. An hour south of Seattle you are enveloped in forest — why Washington is “the Evergreen State”. More travel PASS THE SICK BAG What to drink, where to sit and what to wear on planes to avoid travel sickness MYSTERY SOLVED The location of the real Axehampton House and how to visit the stunning Broadchurch filming locations HAPPY CAMPERS Glastonbury festivalgoers can now stay in a glamping hotel with a pool and spa, where a suite costs £13k Isle be back Serenity, safety and buckets for the kids to do in Ile D'Oleron France GIMME WEIRD SHELTER The world's quirkiest bus stops revealed - including one with its own TELEVISION CHEAP STAYCATIONS These are the top English seaside hotels on TripAdvisor for under £100 a night this summer THANK DON FOR THAT! US hotels slash prices to attract tourists after Trump becomes president GET YOUR ROCKS OFF Catch Clean Bandit at the Gibraltar Music Festival, portaloos — and politics — are off the menu minnie happy returns Disneyland Paris is celebrating its 25th birthday and we joined in with the party NO MORE GRITTY BITS This sand-free beach rug will change your seaside holidays forever STAND BACK Brits hate anyone standing closer than 3ft in a queue and Argentinians don't care about personal space Now overhead cabins are seen as luxury! Airline charges extra for seats with reserved space for hand luggage Don’t miss the Mount Rainier National Park. Peppered with trails, waterfalls and lakes, this is Bigfoot country. We didn’t spot him on our three-hour hike in the woods but we did see the summit of majestic Mt Rainier. A three-hour drive south is Oregon and its largest city Portland. Delta starts a new route direct from Heathrow at the end of May. With the mighty Columbia river running through its heart, it combines natural beauty with buzzing nightlife and 71 craft breweries. We checked into the hip Ace hotel, trendy but stylish and great value. The best way to see the city is on two wheels. Pedal Bike Tours’ friendly guide will talk you through Portland’s history and you can head east along the Columbia on cycle paths to Cascade Locks. SuperBite, a popular restaurant a few minutes from the Ace, had delicious tapas-style snacks and mouthwatering roast beef. Portland takes its beer as seriously as its food, and numerous tours combine both. Brewvana’s tour took in several hostelries — and several beers … for research purposes only, of course.   GO: SEATTLE GETTING THERE: Virgin Atlantic flies from Heathrow to Seattle with fares from £674 return. See virginatlantic.com. Delta will fly direct from Heathrow to Portland from May 27, from £844 return. See delta.com. STAYING THERE: Fairmont Olympic has rooms from £185 a night; fairmont.com/seattle. The Ace Hotel, Portland, has shared rooms from £91 a night/standard from £130; acehotel.com/portland. MORE INFO: See travelportland.com; traveloregon.com; visitseattle.org. Get more inspiration at visittheusa.co.uk. The Sun Topics US USA Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular End of an era The Undertaker breaks character as he hugs wife Michelle McCool and RETIRES from WWE after brutal Wrestlemania… Sport PINK PALACE This bright pink Essex mansion can be yours for £1,800 a night and has a hot tub, indoor and outdoor… Living A VERY BIG HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY Adele splashes out £4million on a home but her neighbour says they don't know her TV & Showbiz Live Blog GRANDADDY OF THEM ALL WWE WrestleMania 33 reaction: The Undertaker RETIRES after emotional loss, Brock Lesnar FINALLY beats… Sport Latest SHOCK ENDING Moment security guard tackles man who invades the stage as Jamie Miller is booted off Voice finale - before Mo… TV & Showbiz Cat's out the bag Holly Willoughby admits throwing up on her cat before cancelling This Morning appearance TV & Showbiz Perfect ten Brock Lesnar overpowers Goldberg in explosive match at WrestleMania for the Universal belt Sport Exclusive KATIE'S AFFRONT TO ISLAM Katie Price faces police probe for going topless on Maldives beach - because her antics violate… TV & Showbiz SLEAZY SQUADDIES X-rated pictures of girls taken back to British Army barracks for sex are being shared online News Exclusive 'What if I had died?' The Voice stage invader wants Emma Willis to apologise to HIM for treating him 'like a criminal' TV & Showbiz DON GET ME STARTED Donald Trump vows to 'solve North Korea' problem as adviser warns US could be hit with nukes by 2020 News GONE TO THE DARK SIDE Katie Price shocks fans with VERY dark tan in selfie after coming under fire for recent photos TV & Showbiz CARRIAGE CARNAGE Horrifying images show devastation left when 'suicide bomber' blew himself up killing ten others in St… News BITEMARE 'Owner' whose crazed bulldogs attacked terrified shoppers in street is revealed - as cops warn one beast is still… News GET ORF MY ISLAND! Stunning tropical island where the inhabitants fire arrows at passing helicopters and KILL unwanted… News Just Published PASS THE SICK BAG What to drink, where to sit and what to wear on planes to avoid travel sickness Travel Revealed MYSTERY SOLVED The location of the real Axehampton House and how to visit the stunning Broadchurch filming locations Travel HAPPY CAMPERS Glastonbury festivalgoers can now stay in a glamping hotel with a pool and spa, where a suite costs £13k Travel Isle be back Serenity, safety and buckets for the kids to do in Ile D'Oleron France Travel Not Nirvana, but pure bliss Seattle is the grunge capital with so much more to offer Travel GIMME WEIRD SHELTER The world's quirkiest bus stops revealed - including one with its own TELEVISION Travel CHEAP STAYCATIONS These are the top English seaside hotels on TripAdvisor for under £100 a night this summer Travel THANK DON FOR THAT! US hotels slash prices to attract tourists after Trump becomes president Travel Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Content Images Video News Audio Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Content Images Video News Audio Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Air Force Successfully Launchs Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite video size: 640x360 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size    x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document. Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. 
                .videoWrapper {
                    position: relative;
                    padding-bottom: 56.25%;
                    padding-top: 25px;
                    height: 0;
                }
                .videoWrapper iframe {
                    position: absolute;
                    top: 0;
                    left: 0;
                    width: 100%;
                    height: 100%;
                } <div class="videoWrapper"><iframe src="https://www.dvidshub.net/video/embed/517183" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allowtransparency allowfullscreen></iframe></div> show more CAPE CANAVERAL, FL, UNITED STATES 03.18.2017 Video by Jon Zanone  AFPAA, OL-H ✔ ✗ Subscribe 13 The U.S. Air Force successfully launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite aboard a United launch Alliance Delta IV Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle from Space Launch Complex 37B, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. WGS Satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. With this launch, WGS-9 will significantly enhance the current WGS constellation by providing increased communication capacity and coverage. LEAVE A COMMENT VIDEO INFO Date Taken: 03.18.2017 Date Posted: 04.03.2017 11:02 Category: B-Roll Video ID: 517183 VIRIN: 170318-F-PO690-001 Filename: DOD_104237176 Length: 00:01:42 Location: CAPE CANAVERAL, FL, US  Web Views: 28 Downloads: 6 High-Res. Downloads: 6 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Air Force Successfully Launchs Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite, by Jon Zanone, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Air Force WGS Cape Canaveral Air Force Station WGS9 Wideband Global SATCOM Satellite Alliance Delta IV Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Space Launch Complex 37B Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Video   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Distribute Video   Schedule Social Post   Edit Video LEAVE A COMMENT Features Content Images Video News Audio Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Jobs departing for Mexico again after post-election freeze Bloomberg Thomas Black 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Manufacturing activity pulls back from a 2-year high Why rising bond rates may be a threat to stocks Click to expand Replay Video EpiPen manufacturer expands recall to US CNBC's Meg Tirrell reports the latest on EpiPen's expanded recall. CNBC Android now the biggest OS on the most devices in the world Techradar reports that for the first time since the advent of computing in the 1980s a microsoft operating system has been ousted as the most popular operating system. In the latest figures from Statcounter, Google's Android operating system has beaten out windows to take the top spot. Android is now on 37.93% of all devices, just edging out Windows which is on 37.91%. Wochit Tech When bike sharing goes wrong Large quantities of different-colored rentable bicycles have piled up in communities across Shenzhen in southern China. Photo: SIPA/ZUMA PRESS The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO After wave of jobs going overseas, is manufacturing really coming back? TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next EpiPen manufacturer expands recall to US CNBC1:58 Android now the biggest OS on the most devices in the world Wochit Tech0:55 When bike sharing goes wrong The Wall Street Journal.1:07 Kate Hudson talks about what sets her brand apart CNN Money0:44 Tesla deliveries zoom to record Reuters0:57 Distracted driving plays a role in most car wrecks Veuer0:46 Lessons Richard Branson would tell his younger self CNBC0:53 Panera said to explore sale amid takeover interest Bloomberg3:19 How taxpayers are funding Ivy League colleges Fox Business3:34 Caterpillar shuts plant in Aurora, Illinois, that employs 800 Wochit Business0:40 Atlanta's congested highways might get worse after collapse Newsy0:39 Why Americans are saving more, spending less Fox Business2:29 Your ZIP code can get you better rebates on your new car Veuer0:56 Introducing the strongest coffee in the world Buzz601:10 It takes 60,000 rivets and two robots to build a Boeing 777 fuselage Wired1:32 SpaceX makes history with recycled spacecraft Wochit Tech0:53 UP NEXT After Donald Trump’s election, the flow of manufacturers setting up shop south of the border dwindled to a trickle. Ford Motor Co. and Carrier Corp., caught in Trump’s Twitter crosshairs, scrapped plans to move jobs to Mexico in two very public examples of the slowdown. Quotes in the article Triumph Group Inc TGI ▼ 24.95 -0.80 -3.11% Ford Motor Co F ▼ 11.44 -0.20 -1.72% Illinois Tool Works Inc ITW ▼ 131.58 -0.89 -0.67% Boeing Co BA ▼ 176.65 -0.21 -0.12% AdChoices But now the pace is picking back up. Illinois Tool Works Inc. will close an auto-parts plant in Mazon, Illinois, this month and head to Ciudad Juarez. Triumph Group Inc. is reducing the Spokane, Washington, workforce that makes fiber-composite parts for Boeing Co. aircraft and moving production to Zacatecas and Baja California. TE Connectivity Ltd. is shuttering a pressure-sensor plant in Pennsauken, New Jersey, in favor of a facility in Hermosillo. While Trump hasn’t stopped pounding his America First bully pulpit, and the future of Nafta remains uncertain, “there’s cautious optimism and a hopeful attitude that cooler heads will prevail in Washington,” said Ross Baldwin, chief executive officer of Tacna Services Inc., which facilitates relocations. Baldwin has seen the evidence: After business ground to a halt back in November, he’s now juggling two Mexico-bound clients. San Diego-based Tacna helps manage 4,500 workers in Mexico, where factory wages are about a fifth of those in the U.S. That may explain why Mexican manufacturing jobs rose 3.2 percent in January from a year ago as they dropped 0.3 percent in the U.S. The renewed exodus shows how difficult it will be for Trump to turn the macroeconomic tide just by jawboning alone. This week, he trumpeted a Ford investment in Michigan plants with a cap-lock fanfare: “JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” The $1.2 billion will create or retain only 130 positions, though. (While Ford canceled plans in November for a new $1.6 billion facility in Mexico, winning Trump’s praise, it employs more than 7,000 workers in that country.)© Thomas Black BC-US-MEXICO-RELOCATIONS Trump’s plans to renegotiate Nafta and talk of punitive tariffs can’t erase the need to manufacture in lower-cost countries, said Alan Russell, CEO of El Paso, Texas-based Tecma Group., which also helps open and operate factories in Mexico. European companies tap the Czech Republic for low wages and Asia has Vietnam, and the U.S. needs Mexico to remain competitive with labor-intensive products, he said. “This isn’t about taking jobs from the U.S. -- It’s about saving companies.” Russell helped Firstronic LLC open a factory in Juarez in 2014 to make circuit boards for customers including Audi and Tesla Inc. Workers, sporting maroon lab coats and wearing rubber straps on their shoes to ward off static electricity, make about $10 a day running computer-driven machines that insert capacitors and resistors onto green boards and solder them into place.  The Juarez expansion -- and joint ventures in the Czech Republic and China -- was a factor in Grand Rapids, Michigan-based Firstronic winning larger contracts from producers of auto parts and medical supplies, said CEO John Sammut. His sales are surging at a 30 percent annual clip. Grow and Thrive In Spokane, Triumph Group dismissed almost 80 production workers in January and plans to eliminate another 30 jobs by August as it moves work to Mexican plants, said Steve Warren, a local official of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. “They are being pressured to supply parts as low cost as possible,” he said. Tapping cheap labor sometimes isn’t just about lowering costs, but accelerating growth. Large purchasers, including Kongsberg Automotive and Dura Automotive Systems, prefer to deal with a few global suppliers rather than a myriad of local companies. “If we were only producing in the U.S., we would lose out on the vast majority of the contract opportunities,” Sammut said. With the increase in business, Firstronic has added revenue and jobs in Grand Rapids, he said. Businesses haven’t dismissed a Nafta renegotiation or policies being considered in Washington that might prove costly. A plan by House Republicans to implement a 20 percent border adjustment tax has raised concerns, especially among retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that import many of their wares. The tax would be applied to sales of imported goods to reduce the U.S. trade deficit, which reached $734 billion in 2016. Trump repeated to a joint session of Congress last month his refrain that he will make it “much, much harder for companies to leave our country.” But his recent stumbles -- travel bans blocked by courts and a health-care bill scuttled by his own party -- underscore the limitations on presidential power and the difficulty he may have punishing companies or overhauling Nafta. At a February conference in El Paso to discuss how Trump’s policies may affect trade, most in the room of plant managers, supply-chain officers and suppliers predicted Nafta would likely be changed but not discarded, and that the changes might not be harmful. Whatever happens, Russell said his business fostering Mexican manufacturing will grow this year. The pressure to reduce costs is that relentless. “When you dissect the worst-case scenarios, it still makes sense to go forward with their business plans,” he said. “It’s a competitive world.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Spokane Boeing supplier among firms sending jobs to Mexico Mon Apr 3rd, 2017 6:17am BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Thomas Black / Bloomberg News DALLAS — After Donald Trump’s election, the flow of manufacturers setting up shop south of the border dwindled to a trickle. Ford Motor Co. and Carrier Corp., caught in Trump’s Twitter crosshairs, scrapped plans to move jobs to Mexico in two very public examples of the slowdown. But now the pace is picking back up. Illinois Tool Works Inc. will close an auto-parts plant in Mazon, Ill., and head to Ciudad Juarez. Triumph Group Inc. is reducing the Spokane, Wash., workforce that makes fiber-composite parts for Boeing Co. aircraft and moving production to Zacatecas and Baja California. TE Connectivity Ltd. is shuttering a pressure-sensor plant in Pennsauken, N.J., in favor of a facility in Hermosillo. While Trump hasn’t stopped pounding his America First bully pulpit, and the future of NAFTA remains uncertain, “there’s cautious optimism and a hopeful attitude that cooler heads will prevail in Washington,” said Ross Baldwin, chief executive officer of Tacna Services Inc., which facilitates relocations. Baldwin has seen the evidence: After business ground to a halt back in November, he’s now juggling two Mexico-bound clients. San Diego-based Tacna helps manage 4,500 workers in Mexico, where factory wages are about a fifth of those in the U.S. That may explain why Mexican manufacturing jobs rose 3.2 percent in January from a year ago as they dropped 0.3 percent in the U.S. The renewed exodus shows how difficult it will be for Trump to turn the macroeconomic tide just by jawboning alone. Last week, he trumpeted a Ford investment in Michigan plants with a cap-lock fanfare: “JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” The $1.2 billion will create or retain only 130 positions, though. (While Ford canceled plans in November for a new $1.6 billion facility in Mexico, winning Trump’s praise, it employs more than 7,000 workers in that country.) Trump’s plans to renegotiate NAFTA and talk of punitive tariffs can’t erase the need to manufacture in lower-cost countries, said Alan Russell, CEO of El Paso, Texas-based Tecma Group., which also helps open and operate factories in Mexico. European companies tap the Czech Republic for low wages and Asia has Vietnam, and the U.S. needs Mexico to remain competitive with labor-intensive products, he said. “This isn’t about taking jobs from the U.S. — it’s about saving companies,” he said. Russell helped Firstronic LLC open a factory in Juarez in 2014 to make circuit boards for customers including Audi and Tesla Inc. Workers, sporting maroon lab coats and wearing rubber straps on their shoes to ward off static electricity, make about $10 a day running computer-driven machines that insert capacitors and resistors onto green boards and solder them into place. The Juarez expansion — and joint ventures in the Czech Republic and China — was a factor in Grand Rapids, Mich.-based Firstronic winning larger contracts from producers of auto parts and medical supplies, said CEO John Sammut. His sales are surging at a 30 percent annual clip. In Spokane, Triumph Group dismissed almost 80 production workers in January and plans to eliminate another 30 jobs by August as it moves work to Mexican plants, said Steve Warren, a local official of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. “They are being pressured to supply parts as low cost as possible,” he said. Tapping cheap labor sometimes isn’t just about lowering costs, but accelerating growth. Large purchasers, including Kongsberg Automotive and Dura Automotive Systems, prefer to deal with a few global suppliers rather than a myriad of local companies. “If we were only producing in the U.S., we would lose out on the vast majority of the contract opportunities,” Sammut said. With the increase in business, Firstronic has added revenue and jobs in Grand Rapids, he said. Businesses haven’t dismissed a NAFTA renegotiation or policies being considered in Washington that might prove costly. A plan by House Republicans to implement a 20 percent border adjustment tax has raised concerns, especially among retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that import many of their wares. The tax would be applied to sales of imported goods to reduce the U.S. trade deficit, which reached $734 billion in 2016. Trump repeated to a joint session of Congress in February his refrain that that he will make it “much, much harder for companies to leave our country.” But his recent stumbles — travel bans blocked by courts and a health-care bill scuttled by his own party — underscore the limitations on presidential power and the difficulty he may have punishing companies or overhauling NAFTA. At a February conference in El Paso to discuss how Trump’s policies may affect trade, most in the room of plant managers, supply-chain officers and suppliers predicted NAFTA would likely be changed but not discarded, and that the changes might not be harmful. Whatever happens, Russell said his business fostering Mexican manufacturing will grow this year. The pressure to reduce costs is that relentless. “When you dissect the worst-case scenarios, it still makes sense to go forward with their business plans,” he said. “It’s a competitive world.”   Most Read Bypass could help alleviate congestion on U.S. 2 trestle LAKE STEVENS — Carpoolers and bus riders could shave a few minutes… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Mill Creek officials’ expenses catch auditors’ attention MILL CREEK — When three city leaders from Mill Creek met with… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Noah Haglund Man killed after being struck by freight train in Sultan SULTAN — A man was killed Sunday after being struck by a… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein David Dilgard, Everett Public Library’s ‘Mr. History,’ retires Wisecracking comedian Groucho Marx once bought a Studebaker from an Everett dealership.… Apr 3rd, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Celebration of life held for former Monroe mayor MONROE — When Donnetta Walser was diagnosed with breast cancer a few… Apr 2nd, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Aviation industry in standoff over making ‘black boxes’ deployable and able to share data faster By Andy Pasztor Published: Apr 3, 2017 9:06 a.m. ET Share Two possible technology updates are deployable recorders, with transmitters for easier location from crash sites, and streaming data devices Getty Images A Malay couple watch Malaysia Airlines aircraft at Kuala Lumpur International airport on Jan. 23. Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing in March 2014 while traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 passengers aboard. By AndyPasztor Three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370’s unresolved disappearance sparked efforts to implement new flight-data recorder technology, the global aviation community is deadlocked over the best way to ensure investigators will have timely access to vital clues in future crashes. Technical, marketing and jurisdictional disputes—pitting Boeing Co. and U.S. regulators against Airbus Group SE and European authorities—have blocked consensus over prospective changes to today’s “black boxes” that help unravel accidents. The most prominent disagreement involves “deployable” recorders, devices designed to capture real-time flight data and cockpit conversations, just as damage-resistant black-box recorders do. But while conventional black boxes are intended to be recovered from wreckage, the alternative devices, already used in a broad range of military jets and helicopters world-wide, are designed to be jettisoned automatically prior to impact and to float. Airbus AIR, +0.04%  and other proponents say that supplementing current systems with deployable technology would lead to easier searches, with features including built-in emergency transmitters that can pinpoint locations on the surface of water. In the opposing camp, Boeing’s BA, -0.12%   position is that the deployable technology is unnecessary partly because there are so few crashes of big jets, and the recorders are expensive to maintain and potentially hazardous if ejected by mistake. The disagreement has played out in various forums, both in public and private. Federal Aviation Administration officials say it is hard to justify the costs of deployable recorders versus the safety benefits. An expanded version of this article appears on WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Buying a Home This Spring Will Be Hardest in Years The Rising Retirement Perils of 401(k) ‘Leakage’ More from MarketWatch Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author Stock market closes lower as investors pump brakes ahead of earnings Democrats Ask Pentagon to Probe Mike Flynn's Ties to Russian TV Network Quote References AIR +0.03 +0.04% BA -0.21 -0.12% Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Airbus Group SE ADR France: Paris: AIR €71.36 +0.03 (+0.04%) Volume 1.3M Open €71.40 High €71.82 Low €71.30 P/E Ratio 56.63 Div Yield 1.89 Market Cap 55.1B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $176.65 -0.21 (-0.12%) Volume 2.8M Open $177.08 High $177.73 Low $175.50 P/E Ratio 23.09 Div Yield 3.22 Market Cap 107.5B
ResponseSource uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on this website. We'll assume you're happy with this if you continue to use this site. Press Release Wire Send Receive About About for PRs Product tour FAQs About for Journalists Sign up to receive Search Releases Newsrooms Offers Images Videos News channels Business & Finance Children & Teenagers Computing & Telecoms Construction & Property Consumer Technology Education & Human Resources Entertainment & Arts Environment & Nature Farming & Animals Food & Drink Health Home & Garden Leisure & Hobbies Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy Media & Marketing Medical & Pharmaceutical Men's Interest Motoring Personal Finance Public Sector, Third Sector & Legal Retail & Fashion Sport Transport & Logistics Travel Women's Interest & Beauty Topics Awards Bank Holiday Brexit Charity CRM Father's Day Renewable Energy Social Business Spring St. George's Day Summer Summer Festivals Summer Holidays Regions Channel Islands Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dublin, Ireland Durham East Midlands, England East of England East Riding of Yorkshire Gloucestershire Herefordshire Isle of Man Leicestershire Lincolnshire London North East England North West England North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northern Ireland Northumberland Nottinghamshire Peak District Republic of Ireland Scotland Shropshire Somerset South East England South West England South Yorkshire Staffordshire Wales Warwickshire West Midlands, England West Yorkshire Wiltshire Worcestershire Yorkshire and the Humber Services Services for PRs PRs Media Contacts Database Search My lists Journalist Enquiry Service Manage your email settings Search enquiries Press Release Wire Send a press release Search releases Manage your newsrooms Services for Journalists Journalists Send a media enquiry Search for freelancers Search press releases Create a profile Update your profile Receive press releases Media Jobs Media Jobs Post a vacancy Search jobs ResponseSource About ResponseSource Get in touch Media Bulletin Blog Login Skip navigation The UK’s first enterprise event for wearables, AR & VR announced Monday 3 April 2017 PDF Print a unique opportunity to hear real use cases from businesses deploying connected technology in the workplace Evolve Media Group today announces the launch of The WAVE (Wearables, AR & VR in Enterprise) Congress – the UK’s first enterprise focussed conference for wearables, augmented and virtual reality. The inaugural event will take place at the Manufacturing Technology Centre (MTC) in Coventry on the 22nd June.  The conference is being produced following delegate research from the recent Wearable Technology Show in London, which revealed a need for relevant, business focussed information on technology.   The WAVE Congress is the only dedicated event of its kind in the UK, and will feature leading companies in the space, including Jaguar Land Rover, Airbus, Boeing, Accenture, and Fhoss Technologies. They will discuss and debate cutting edge technology and the latest innovations specifically for the enterprise, and cover real world case studies from businesses deploying connected technology in the UK and overseas. The event is open for delegate registration and sponsorship opportunities – the website can be found at www.wavecongress.com John Weir, Event Director, comments “This is a unique opportunity to hear real use cases from businesses deploying connected technology in the workplace, as well as being able to make valuable contacts and understand how wearables, AR & VR are evolving to meet the needs of business in the twenty first century.” The WAVE Congress – www.wavecongress.com About the organisers The Evolve Media Group has successfully organised technology events in the UK and overseas for the past five years, including The Wearable Technology Show, IOT Connect, AR & VR Show, and The Digital Health Technology Show. For further information John Weir – john.weir@edpltd.co.uk Phone – 00 44 (0) 1179 323586 This press release was distributed by ResponseSource Press Release Wire on behalf of Evolve Digital Publishing in the following categories: Consumer Technology, Business & Finance, Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy, for more information visit http://pressreleasewire.responsesource.com/about. Release from Evolve Digital Publishing Follow Newsroom Useful links Send Search Release Archive Social @responsesource ResponseSource ResponseSource Product dashboard About us Services for PRs Services for journalists Blog Privacy policy System requirements Terms & Conditions Free trial Contact ResponseSource 0345 370 7777 ResponseSource Press Release Wire © 1997-2017 ResponseSource Ltd
Tuesday 4 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Key forum to promote higher share of women in ME aviation sector DUBAI, 22 hours, 38 minutes ago Eminent international women leaders from the aviation industry will converge at the 2nd Women in Aviation General Assembly on May 15th to promote the higher participation of women in the Middle East's robust aviation sector. Hosted by Airport Show 2017, the General Assembly and Student Career Orientation Programme is being organised in partnership with Women in Aviation (Middle East Chapter) and will involve participation of aviation experts of international acclaim and over 200 attendees. The forum will help connect government and private companies, which are keen on hiring women, with aspiring professionals in the aviation sector. Airport Show 2017 is being held from May 15-17 under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, president of Dubai Civil Aviation Authority, chairman of Dubai Airports, chairman and chief executive of Emirates Airline and Group. With women constituting over 60 per cent of Arab countries’ science, technology, engineering and mathematics graduates (according to Unesco), the forum is taking active measures to enhance their participation in the Middle East’s robust and rapidly growing aviation sector, which contributes over $157.2 billion to the GDP and generates more than 2.4 million jobs. In Dubai alone, the aviation sector is estimated to contribute 37.5 per cent to its GDP and support over 750,000 jobs by 2020 Laila Hareb, assistant director general - Aviation Strategies and International Affairs at General Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA), said: “Women in the UAE are making their mark across all sectors. In line with the vision of our leaders toward driving women’s participation in the national development of the nation, I would invite women to be a part of this highly important forum and of the aviation sector, particularly to tap into the numerous opportunities offered in the booming aviation sector in the Middle East, which has a very strong growth outlook. Airports across the region are investing to the tune of millions of dollars toward expansion and the region is also set to be the fastest growing region in the world for the airline industry. The region has no shortage of talent and there is a perfect opportunity for the industry to tap into the talent pool and, for those aspiring to be a part of this sector, to avail of the opportunity.” The ‘Arab Women in Aviation’ conference is supported by key industry stakeholders, including Sky Prime Aviation as Platinum Sponsors, Mubadala and Strata as Silver Sponsors and Boeing, Etihad Airways Engineering, Commercial Bank International, Abu Dhabi Aviation, Royal Jet, Maximus Air, MSI Aircraft Maintenance Services and Air Navigation Services of Sweden as the event's General Assembly Sponsors. Mervat Sultan, co-founder and president, Women in Aviation Middle East, said: “Most roles in aviation are still dominated by men around the world and with the help of conferences such as these, we hope to change this. The region is quickly becoming the global hub for aviation and women will have a huge role to play in this growing sector. The Women In Aviation Middle East Chapter is pleased to support the organisers in highlighting the exciting career opportunities that will open for women across aviation in the region over the next decade and promoting the role of women in the aviation and aerospace industry. We look forward to welcoming many of our colleagues and partners from across the region to the conference in May.” Mervat added: “Empowering women in highly skilled roles is a major initiative of the governments in the Middle East. We are pleased to announce that Women in Aviation is receiving an equally strong interest from companies in the private sector who are keen on hiring women. Our Middle East chapter is now focussing on spreading awareness about aviation as a career of choice in the region by visiting schools, universities and colleges, when students are seeking the right information and direction to choose the best career for themselves. In addition, we are also helping companies in the aviation sector that are keen on hiring women to reach the right talent. All the efforts are focussed toward attaining the main goal, which is increasing the participation of women in Middle East’s aviation sector.” The first general assembly of Women in Aviation, held in 2016, was a record success with the major participation from women professionals across the aviation sector such as pilots, engineers, managers and training and recruitment professionals. Salem Abaid Al Muzaini, CEO, Sky Prime private aviation services, said: “We are proud to be the platinum sponsor of the Women in Aviation General Assembly. Sky Prime is supporting to empower women and enhance their participation in aviation & all sectors.” The general assembly and career orientation programme will provide the participants an opportunity to get inspired and hear women who are motivating millions with their success in this sector.   Among the sessions will be a special panel on ‘Inspirational Stories’ of the most successful and talented women in aviation around the world who have made it to the top of their organisations, a session exploring the wide spectrum of roles in aviation, as well as a practical guide on how to excel in these roles for aspiring young professionals, a presentation on key developments that will shape the Middle East's future aviation landscape and the economic stimulus these will create for the region and a panel discussion on preparing the aviation leaders of tomorrow. Daniyal Qureshi, group exhibition director, Reed Exhibitions Middle East, organisers of Airport Show 2017, said: “Across the GCC, we see exemplary initiatives being taken to encourage the participation of women in aviation, particularly as the region’s aviation sector is amongst the fastest growing in the world. The Middle East’s aviation and aerospace industries will see a huge boom in job opportunities over the next decade and this is the right time to ensure an equal opportunity for women in this sector. In line with our objectives of supporting the sustainable growth of aviation in the region, Airport Show is pleased to host Women in Aviation, which we are sure will create a positive long-term impact on our society.” - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Dubai | aviation | forum | Women | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Rixos appoints new marketing cluster director for UAE hotels Judges named for Saudi Arabia's inter-hotel culinary contest Sabre revamps GetThere travel management solution Ramada Ajman secures second Green Globe certification New senior appointments at Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai Heart of Sharjah project on track for 2025 launch Viceroy Palm Jumeirah Dubai opens Capitol Hotel Tokyu targets Middle Eastern travellers Oman Air adds Roja Perfumes to exclusive onboard portfolio Oberoi Hotel's new Ajman property gets five-star classification Industry leaders to advise on new drone air safety measures Airbus, Sita to provide advanced aviation cybersecurity services UAE airports forecast 6.3pc passenger growth in 2017 Middle East's first MGallery hotel to open in Dubai Ushering in tomorrow's hotel today in the region New front office manager at Al Manshar Rotana Kuwait Bahrain Tourism hosts inaugural forum with ICCA Iran confirms deal to buy 12 Russian planes Centara Grand Beach Resort Samui welcomes new GM InterContinental Regency Bahrain marks Earth Hour Yas Mall Spring Festival kicks off with fashion show Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel progress at Masdar New chef de cuisine at The St. Regis Dubai World’s largest cruise ship to debut in 2018 LG Electronics to unveil new hospitality tech in Saudi Arabia Dukes Dubai now open to the public Jumeirah Group appoints Blue Square Consultants in India Saudi domestic tourism to jump 40pc by 2020 - report Qatar Airways offers laptops on loan to US-bound fliers Hilton plans new hotel in Cairo Business Park Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
04/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live Russia 03/04/2017 Blast rocks St Petersburg metro system, killing at least ten people Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 03/04/2017 Lithuania warns Russia could attack 'with 24 hours notice' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "There is total Russophobia, hysterical Russophobia going on" Dmitry Peskov Kremlin spokesman World 03/04/2017 Al-Sisi: no longer a pariah in Washington Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President Sisi." Donald Trump Business 03/04/2017 EU unemployment improves again to eight-year low Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Sci-tech 03/04/2017 How technology is bringing us closer to driverless cars Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "In many ways I feel safer, actually, than if I would drive myself." Daniel Tidholm A research engineer at Volvo Car Group Sport 02/04/2017 Local hero Okruashvili takes gold in Georgia Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The crowd gave me so much power and I did what I wanted - I beat the Brazilian." World 02/04/2017 UK politician is slammed for 'sabre-rattling' over Gibraltar Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "How does this kind of diplomacy help our Brexit negotiations?" Tom Watson Labour Party Deputy Leader World 02/04/2017 Colombia: Rescue efforts intensify after deadly landslide Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It breaks my heart" Juan Manuel Santos Colombian President World 02/04/2017 UK could return to blue passports Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The humiliation of having a pink European Union passport will now soon be over" Andrew Rosindell UK Member of Parliament more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner Now Reading: First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner USA 31/03/2017 First flight of Boeing's newest and largest Dreamliner Today's Top Stories Russia 04/04/2017 Putin pays respects to victims of St Petersburg metro blast BREAKING NEWS Russia 04/04/2017 Suspect in St. Petersburg blast reportedly Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen Russia 03/04/2017 St Petersburg bomb unlikely to damage Putin's image Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 03/04/2017 Far-right, fake jobs and all you need to know about France's pivotal election Russia 03/04/2017 Russia's transport system a target for terrorism world news 03/04/2017 Trump-Jinping meeting a step into the unknown last updated: 31/03/2017 Euronews The first flight of Boeing’s newest and largest Dreamliner model has taken place. The 787-10 took off successfully from an airport in South Carolina, the start of a flight test programme. The price tag for one plane is worth the equivalent of a cool 293 million euros. Share this article: More about: Boeing Airlines Aeronautical industry USA Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Premier vol d'essai pour le Dreamliners géant de Boeing See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Touchdown! Neue Boeing 787-10 absolviert Testflug See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Aviazione: primo volo del Dreamliner 787-10 della Boeing See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español El Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner despega con éxito en su primer vuelo de prueba See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Novo "Dreamliner" da Boeing já voa See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Boeing'in yeni modeli test uçuşlarına başladı See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Boeing провів тестування нового пасажирського літака Dreamliner See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Dreamliner 787-10 впервые покорил небо See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية أول رحلة تجريبية لبوينغ 787-10 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی پرواز بزرگ ترین هواپیمای مسافربری بوئینگ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Boeing: Η πρώτη δοκιμαστική πτήση για το νέο Dreamliner See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Felszállt a Boeing legújabb Dreamlinere See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed Russia 04/04/2017 Putin pays respects to victims of St Petersburg metro blast world news 03/04/2017 Eyewitnesses describe horror following St.Petersburg blast Lithuania 03/04/2017 Lithuania warns Russia could attack 'with 24 hours notice' United Kingdom 03/04/2017 ''The UK is the most corrupt country in the world,'' anti-mafia journalists... world news 03/04/2017 What are the best countries in Europe for international students? Flashback: one year ago Azerbaijan 04/04/2016 Calls for calm after third day of fighting in Nagorno-Karabakh Ukraine 04/04/2016 Poroshenko defends offshore assets amid 'Panama Papers' leak world news 04/04/2016 Iceland's PM refuses to resign over Panama Papers scandal economy 04/04/2016 Cyprus starts working week out of bailout economy 04/04/2016 'Panama Papers:' How are taxes avoided and assets hidden? Editor's choice world news 03/04/2017 Far-right, fake jobs and all you need to know about France's pivotal election Russia 03/04/2017 Russia's transport system a target for terrorism world news 03/04/2017 Trump-Jinping meeting a step into the unknown View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England View 28/03/2017 How the city of Ghent copes with increased numbers of refugees? world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain space 31/03/2017 Interactive map: Where do you look for life on Mars? View 31/03/2017 View: Is Emmanuel Macron the new Napoleon Bonaparte of France? See more USA 31/03/2017 Michael Flynn's request for immunity from prosecution reportedly rejected by Congress Today's Top Stories Russia 04/04/2017 Putin pays respects to victims of St Petersburg metro blast BREAKING NEWS Russia 04/04/2017 Suspect in St. Petersburg blast reportedly Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen Russia 03/04/2017 St Petersburg bomb unlikely to damage Putin's image 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live Russia 03/04/2017 Blast rocks St Petersburg metro system, killing at least ten people Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags Russia Explosion Saint Petersburg Metro Terrorism France Conflict in Syria European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   „This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers,” said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  „Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship,” said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA’s Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing’s Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray’s Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray’s Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA’s Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA’s Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA’s Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray’s growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Related Links http://www.toraytca.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsRestructuring & Recapitalization Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ClubLink Corporation provides WayPoint Golf to Empower Tournament Organizers at all ClubLink Golf Courses Next PostNext Semi-Trailer Market Set for Rapid Growth and Trend, by 2027 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global-IP Announces the Selection of SpaceX to Launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 By Published: Apr 3, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands, Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Global-IP Cayman, the innovative satellite communications company with the mission to bring cost-effective Internet and related value-added services to Sub-Saharan Africa, announced today it has signed a launch services agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) for its first communication satellite GiSAT-1. GiSAT-1 is a High-Throughput Satellite (“HTS”) with 150 Gbps of capacity, currently under construction by The Boeing Company. SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket will launch GiSAT-1. The deployment is scheduled for Q4 2018 and will launch GiSAT-1 into its trajectory for geostationary orbit off the west coast of Africa. GiSAT-1 will have a mission life of 15 years. Emil Youssefzadeh, co-founder of Global-IP, said, “Our agreement with SpaceX marks the completion of another major milestone towards getting our innovative service platform operational to serve a growing market with lagging Internet penetration.” “We are pleased to partner with Global-IP for this important mission,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President and COO, SpaceX. “Once fully deployed, this satellite will expand Internet services across Sub-Saharan Africa, benefiting both consumers and businesses.” Mr. Youssefzadeh noted, “Global-IP’s first HTS will cover areas across Sub-Saharan Africa with a combined population of over 800 million people. We envision our investment in this project will increase the Internet penetration across the region and contribute significantly to the economic growth of all the countries we will serve.” Global-IP is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with operations in California and Dubai. The company’s vision is to be the catalyst in creating a paradigm shift on how the Internet is accessed and used in Africa. For more information, please visit www.goglobalip.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170402005120/en/ SOURCE: Global-IP Cayman Global-IP Cayman Umar Javed, +1 424-367-1003 ujaved@goglobalip.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Global-IP Announces the Selection of SpaceX to Launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Global-IP Cayman, the innovative satellite communications company with the mission to bring cost-effective Internet and related value-added services to Sub-Saharan Africa, announced today it has signed a launch services agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) for its first communication satellite GiSAT-1. GiSAT-1 is a High-Throughput Satellite (“HTS”) with 150 Gbps of capacity, currently under construction by The Boeing Company. SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket will launch GiSAT-1. The deployment is scheduled for Q4 2018 and will launch GiSAT-1 into its trajectory for geostationary orbit off the west coast of Africa. GiSAT-1 will have a mission life of 15 years. Emil Youssefzadeh, co-founder of Global-IP, said, “Our agreement with SpaceX marks the completion of another major milestone towards getting our innovative service platform operational to serve a growing market with lagging Internet penetration.” “We are pleased to partner with Global-IP for this important mission,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President and COO, SpaceX. “Once fully deployed, this satellite will expand Internet services across Sub-Saharan Africa, benefiting both consumers and businesses.” Mr. Youssefzadeh noted, “Global-IP’s first HTS will cover areas across Sub-Saharan Africa with a combined population of over 800 million people. We envision our investment in this project will increase the Internet penetration across the region and contribute significantly to the economic growth of all the countries we will serve.” Global-IP is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with operations in California and Dubai. The company’s vision is to be the catalyst in creating a paradigm shift on how the Internet is accessed and used in Africa. For more information, please visit www.goglobalip.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States and Global Automotive Components Industry 2017-2022 Forecast Report Next PostNext Auger Filler Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Sessions to DOJ: Review police reform pacts Administration — 4h 19m ago Ryan transfers record $7M to NRCC in March House — 4h 30m ago Ivanka Trump’s rent costs $15K monthly: report Administration — 5h 2m ago White House will preserve all of Trump's tweets: reports Administration — 5h 3m ago Pence presents new healthcare offer to Freedom Caucus Healthcare — 5h 27m ago Bob Menendez, last undecided Democrat on Gorsuch, joins filibuster Court Battles — 5h 52m ago Larry King: Trump among ‘most ridiculous’ presidents Administration — 6h 1m ago Dems force Senate 'nuclear' showdown Senate — 6h 22m ago view all   Trump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs By Ellen Mitchell - 04/02/17 07:32 PM EDT 900   © Getty Images The hearing this week for President Trump’s Air Force secretary nominee was a rare sight for those monitoring Trump’s progress filling Pentagon positions.  Former Rep. Heather Wilson (R-N.M.) — whose hearing was delayed several times because the White House hadn’t turned in required documents — is only the second of Trump’s Defense Department (DOD) picks to be interviewed by the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Trump so far has only seen one Pentagon nominee — Defense Secretary James Mattis — make it through the confirmation process and has 52 additional positions to fill. Many in the defense world are bothered by the holdup.  One defense consultant told The Hill there are rumblings that the slow pace of the process is causing the Pentagon “to kind of grind.” “It seems like at some point around March 1 it became more of a problem, the slow, tedious process in filling the posts,” the consultant said. The sluggish pace is also not missed by lawmakers. The top lawmakers on the House Armed Services oversight subcommittee this week sent a letter to Trump urging him to fill the existing vacancies at the DOD Office of the Inspector General and Office of Special Counsel. “We strongly encourage you to expeditiously put forth new nominees and move them through the confirmation process so that these offices can fully exercise their statutory duty to be effective and independent watchdogs,” Reps. Vicky Hartzler (R-Mo.) and Seth Moulton (D-Mass.), the chairwoman and ranking member of the subcommittee respectively, said in the letter. And Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCainJohn McCainDems force Senate 'nuclear' showdown Army warns stopgap measure will put 47 programs on hold Killing Clean Power Plan moves US backward on air pollution MORE (R-Ariz.) said earlier in March he is troubled by the “incredibly slow” pace. Katherine Kidder, a military personnel expert at the Center for a New American Security, told The Hill it’s much harder for DOD nominees to make it through the Senate confirmation process due to stricter rules compared to elsewhere in the government. “The Senate Armed Services Committee has a specific rule about complete divestiture of business interests,” Kidder said. “Whereas for other committees in order to get to a hearing, you can set up a blind trust, for the SASC the rules are a little more stringent, and you have to completely divest your business holdings. Because Trump has been pulling from the business community, it’s kind of exacerbated the effect of that rule.” But the White House is taking far longer to put forth nominees than the previous administration. A data tracker created by The Washington Post found that as of Saturday, Trump has sent just 43 nominations government-wide to the Senate, and of those, 21 have been confirmed. More than 480 other positions across the government still need nominees. At the same point in his administration, President Obama had sent 92 nominees to the Senate and had 37 of them confirmed.   More than two months into the Trump administration, top Pentagon jobs are mostly filled with acting officials.   The biggest problem, one defense lobbyist said, is conflict between the new Pentagon head and the White House.  The tussle became public in March when Mattis pulled his pick for undersecretary for policy, Anne Patterson, after the White House implied it would not fight a likely battle for her confirmation. “Early on a lot of names that were floated by the Trump folks were rejected by the Mattis folks. A lot of names that Mattis floated were rejected by the Trump folks,” the lobbyist told The Hill. “That really slowed things down and there’s a been lot of friction between the two.”  A defense industry consultant agreed and added that Mattis has proposed picks that were outright rejected by the administration — including Democrats and those from the traditional national security establishment that were anti-Trump during the presidential race.  Mattis, the consultant said, has found Trump’s Pentagon offerings to be “just utterly unqualified, they don’t have any background” in defense policy. “Trying to find that combination of Republican, didn’t sign a ‘Never Trump’ document and has some real national security background is tough, and also Mattis doesn’t particularly like political picks coming out, as shown by the tanking of Randy ForbesRandy ForbesTrump makes little headway filling out Pentagon jobs Why there's only one choice for Trump's Navy secretary Trump likely to tap business executive to head Navy: report MORE,” the consultant said. Forbes, a former Republican congressman from Virginia, was said to be in line for the Navy secretary position, but Mattis reportedly rejected him. Trump has only nominated 12 people for DOD positions since December, including a list of six names in mid-March that included Boeing's senior vice president of supply chain and operations, Patrick Shanahan, for deputy secretary of Defense, the Pentagon’s No. 2 position. But two of those 12 picks have already pulled out. Army Secretary nominee Vincent Viola and Navy Secretary nominee Philip Bilden both withdrew from consideration in February. They both have vast financial holdings, which would have made it difficult to meet Pentagon requirements against conflicts of interest. “When you nominate a billionaire, it’s just not a simple process,” the defense industry consultant said. “When that happens, everything else backs up in the system.” Kidder said many of the names floated by the administration are from the business community, whereas “a traditional president is pulling from a community of policy experts who built their lives and portfolios keeping in mind that someday they may need to sit through a Senate confirmation hearing.” She added that the business executives "haven’t necessarily organized their records in such a way that it’s an easy process, not that it’s an easy process for anyone.” Stricter government ethics rules for DOD jobs are also stretching out the timeline, the defense lobbyist said. “The rules have gotten much stricter over the last eight years, which makes it very hard for nominees to comply, whereas folks like Bilden and Viola had to withdraw,” the lobbyist said. “I think if this was 10 years earlier, they would not have had to.”  And Trump’s reliance on a relatively small campaign staff has given his administration a smaller pool of familiar faces to draw from. “I think that they had a very lean campaign operation so that when they won they had a lean transition, but also less of a talent pool to draw from had they had a larger operation, a larger team of loyalists that other campaigns are accustomed to,” the defense lobbyist said  The newly stated five-year lobbying ban for government officials is proving to be an additional obstacle. “You’re really shutting off people’s options for their post-government career — that’s like saying [press secretary] Sean Spicer can’t be a reporter after he leaves. I think it’s kind of a silly restriction,” the lobbyist said. “They’re putting too many roadblocks in their own path.”  The lobbyist was unimpressed with the recent batch of six nominees that came out in March. “I read the list and was like ‘eh.’ I didn’t recognize every name that was on there,” they said. But Kidder said she saw some progress in the announcement. “It feels like a lot of names on the slate of six is actually quite impressive and kind of signals a change toward real expertise coming into the building,” she said. “Patrick Shanahan from Boeing, he may run into the same kind of business issues as Viola and Bilden did, but I think given his area of expertise, he will probably have a smooth confirmation process.”  There is a light at the end of the tunnel, the defense industry consultant said. There are some 186 positions within the DOD that do not require Senate confirmation. Once the top positions make it through the confirmation process, the Pentagon should start filling up more quickly. Those individuals not requiring confirmation will still be vetted internally, “but it's going to be under a lot less political scrutiny,” they said.  “I personally know a bunch of people that are in the pipeline and have not been announced. The problem is the bottleneck and some of the disagreements between the White House and the Pentagon here in getting those top slots filled, but once that’s done I think everyone expects it’ll move relatively quickly.”  Once Wilson and the rest of the service secretaries are nominated and confirmed, the consultant said, “you’ll see a very fast flood” of names. “The Trump people are not going to have as much interest, they’re not going to care.” Tags Randy Forbes John McCain   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump signs internet privacy repeal President Trump signed a bill on Monday repealing internet privacy rules... 806 Shares 2 Environmental group slams Trump's... “If Donald Trump is actually interested in helping our parks, he should... 235 Shares 3 Senators fear fallout of nuclear... Senators in both parties are speculating that a blowup over President... 231 Shares 4 Juan Williams: Trump's risk of... OPINION: The gravity of the president’s problems could mean he does not... 215 Shares 5 Blackwater founder held meeting to... The meeting, in the Seychelles islands, reportedly occurred less than two... 204 Shares 6 Poll: Trump approval rating... Trump's approval rating is down 11 points from the same poll's results in... 169 Shares 7 Protesters unfurl giant 'Impeach... Protesters hung a giant "Impeach Trump" banner at the Washington Nationals... 144 Shares 8 Ivanka Trump’s rent costs $15K... The home's monthly rent is reportedly on-par with similar luxury... 127 Shares 9 Trump donates first-quarter salary... President Trump will donate his first three months of salary to the... 106 Shares 10 Pence presents new healthcare... Republicans are looking to revive their ObamaCare replacement bill.  104 Shares 11 THE MEMO: Trump set to notch... President Trump is on the brink of scoring his first big win, with Supreme... 102 Shares 12 Cambridge passes resolution... Cambridge, Mass., voted to approve a resolution calling for Congress to... 101 Shares 13 Paul: Susan Rice should testify... "She needs to be asked, did President Obama ask her to do this?" 96 Shares 14 Overnight Cybersecurity: Obama... Welcome to OVERNIGHT CYBERSECURITY, your daily rundown of the biggest news... 96 Shares 15 White House unveils official... The White House has unveiled Melania Trump’s first official portrait as... 94 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Business Technology ViaSat's satellite launch delayed due to civil unrest in French Guiana People gather outside the prefecture in Cayenne, French Guiana on March 30 ahead of the start of negotiations with the French overseas and interior ministers. People gather outside the prefecture in Cayenne, French Guiana on March 30 ahead of the start of negotiations with the French overseas and interior ministers. Life in French Guiana has been disrupted for over the past 10 days from widespread strikes and protests. People gather outside the prefecture in Cayenne, French Guiana on March 30 ahead of the start of negotiations with the French overseas and interior ministers. Life in French Guiana has been disrupted for over the past 10 days from widespread strikes and protests. The scheduled launch of ViaSat’s new $625 million Internet satellite has been delayed because of civic unrest in French Guiana, the Carlsbad company confirmed Monday. A new date for blast off – previously slated for April 25 from the Guiana Space Center – has not been determined, said Christina Phillips, spokeswoman for the satellite Internet provider. ViaSat personnel have returned to Carlsbad from French Guiana – a territory located on the northeast coast of South America. Because of the sensitive nature of the situation, the company didn’t provide further details. But Phillips said the ViaSat-2 satellite is secure. “We fully expect the French authorities will work toward a peaceful resolution with local protesters, enabling all satellite providers preparing for satellite launches from the Guiana Space Center the ability to launch within a reasonable time frame,” said Phillips. A general strike and demonstrations in French Guiana boiled over about a week ago, with schools and businesses closed, flights halted and roads blocked. The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert. Protesters are angry over growing crime, high unemployment and rising costs of living. France offered $1.07 billion U.S. in aid, but protest leaders say the country of 250,000 people needs $2.7 billion to remedy problems created by years of neglect. French rocket outfit Arianespace won the contract to launch Viasat-2. The protests grounded Arianespace’s planned launch of communications satellites from Brazil and South Korea last week. That pushed back scheduled blast off dates for other satellites in the pipeline. The delay puts ViaSat further behind its top competitor for satellite Internet, HughesNet. HughesNet launched its Jupiter-2 high bandwidth satellite in December. It expects to begin offering faster speeds and higher data caps for subscribers this spring. Even with the delay, ViaSat believes it can offer faster speeds and hefty data usage allowances to subscribers from ViaSat-2 before the end of this year. B. Riley Analyst Michael Crawford said there is plenty of demand for faster satellite Internet. So the launch delay shouldn’t hinder ViaSat in signing up subscribers as long as it doesn’t last too long. “The market, I believe, is big,” he said. “It is just a matter of when ViaSat will be able to put this new capacity online and start providing service.” Boeing, which built ViaSat-2 satellite, evacuated 43 employees and service providers from French Guiana on March 27, bringing them back to the U.S., according to a spokeswoman Joanna Climer. In addition to ViaSat-2, Boeing constructed at least one other communications satellite that was slated for launch this month from French Guiana. ViaSat broke into the satellite Internet business in 2011 with the launch of ViaSat-1, which is now full with around 700,000 Internet subscribers. The satellite also powers fast in-flight Wi-Fi service for JetBlue, American Airlines and other commercial carriers. At around 300 gigabits per second capacity, ViaSat-2 has twice the bandwidth of ViaSat-1. The added horsepower aims to enable faster speeds and bulked up monthly data allowances so subscribers can watch more online video. The new satellite also expands ViaSat’s geographic coverage footprint beyond North America and into Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, as well as parts of South America and over the Atlantic Ocean. ViaSat shares ended trading Monday down 61 cents at $63.21 on the Nasdaq exchange. RELATED ViaSat: Betting big on satellite broadband ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg See more videos Caption EpiPen recall expands The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption EpiPen recall expands The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Will Congress kill a $101-billion tax break for Californians? The tax break is one of the most costly in terms of lost federal revenue. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The tax break is one of the most costly in terms of lost federal revenue. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Virgin America will disappear into Alaska Airlines in 2019 Virgin America will be fully absorbed by Alaska Airlines by the end of 2019. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Virgin America will be fully absorbed by Alaska Airlines by the end of 2019. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Disney CEO Robert Iger extends his contract as search for a successor continues Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption 17,000 AT&T workers in California and Nevada go on strike An estimated 17,000 AT&T technicians in California and Nevada went on strike March 22. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) An estimated 17,000 AT&T technicians in California and Nevada went on strike March 22. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com; Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Exclusive: Preview Trump border wall proposals Padres get what they're paying for Someone is threatening unhappy dental patients who posted bad Yelp reviews Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 59°
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +304 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search ‘Like An Explosion:’ Kuwait’s Jets in Iraq Airspace Terrorize Villagers © AFP 2017/ MOADH AL-DULAIMI Military & Intelligence 03:03 04.04.2017Get short URL 0 35124 Supersonic booms flooded the air in the Iraqi province of Safwan early on Monday morning, and naturally Iraqis are demanding an apology for what they say was an attempt by Kuwait to intimidate them. A Kuwait military jet ventured seven kilometers into Iraqi airspace Monday morning. It is not clear whether Iraq scrambled jets in response, but at least one fact was clear: The Iraqi people were not happy to be woken up by the sound of a fighter jet.  © AP Photo/ Karim Kadim Baghdad Not to Allow Iraq Split-Up, Potential Separation Harmful for Kurds - PM “The jet was flying at low altitude” and breached the sound barrier, according to local administrator Taleb Khalil al-Hasawna.  Ultimately residents were left unharmed, but they did feel intimidated, Iraqi News reports.  The local administration demanded Kuwait issue an apology and a vow to avoid repeating the offense. It is not clear how officials identified that the jet belonged to Kuwait, which maintains approximately two dozen Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets that could be capable of breaking the sound barrier. While the nuisance clearly did not sit well with the citizens of Iraq, the Kuwaiti and Iraqi governments recently joined forces to conduct military drills together for the first time since 2011. The US Navy also participated in the exercise. All three nations had expressed interest in “cooperatively” addressing threats in the Gulf, according to the US Navy. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 24 Related: Iraq in Fragments: Imperialism and the Killing of a Nation US Airstrikes in Iraq 'Almost Necessarily' Increases Risk to Civilians - HRW Why US 'Should Change Its Iraq and Syria-Centered Strategy' Against Daesh 'We Are Shocked': Berlin Calls for Investigating Deadly US-Led Airstrike in Iraq Baghdad Still Unable to Determine New US Policy Toward Iraq - President Tags: jets, Kuwait, Iraq TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Japanese Authorities Approve Security Plans for 2020 Olympic Games 09:49Malaysia Asks India to Sign Up Quick on RCEP, Signs 31 Pacts Worth $36 Billion 09:48Syria to Respond to 'Terrorist Supporter' Israel's Aggression - Ambassador 09:35No Inquiry From Russia on Likely Kyrgyz Native's Role in St. Petersburg Bombing 09:27South Korea Conducts Large-Scale Artillery Exercises - Defense MinistryAll news Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 23111 Sonic Shield: Unique Device Renders Russian Navy Invisible to Torpedoes 9273 Gold Bugs: Why Russia is Stacking Bullion Bricks Like There's No Tomorrow 9065 Cold Turkey: US Secretary of State Fails to See Eye to Eye With Erdogan 8847 News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 8127All news News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 81 US to Keep Pressuring Russia, Iran to Bring Assad to Justice - Ambassador to UN 58 Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 53 Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice Behind Unmasking of Trump Team 47 ‘World Should Be Ready’ for North Korea Nuclear Attack on US, Says Defector 46All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics International Pillow Fight Day: Feathered Fun Around the World Diagnosis Long Overdue Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video By Tracy Staedter Space.com April 3, 2017, 6:50 PM These three "killer apps" could help humans colonize Mars An artist’s illustration of astronaut pioneers on Mars. NASA/Pat Rawlings Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Successfully colonizing the Red Planet will depend on three key technologies, or “killer apps,” an expert said at a recent panel. Those technologies will make it possible to get supplies to a potential Mars colony, said Philip Metzger, a planetary scientist at the University of Central Florida and a co-founder of NASA Kennedy Space Center’s Swamp Works laboratory. “I don’t think there’s really a viable case for colonizing Mars until after we after we get a supply chain established,” he said. [How Will a Human Mars Base Work? NASA’s Vision in Images] This supply chain, Metzger said, will consist of three “killer apps” — profitable ventures that could serve as the economic stepping-stones to the Red Planet. “Just like email — and, later, Facebook — were killer apps that made the internet economically viable, so there will be particular uses of space that will make the space industry economically viable,” Metzger told Space.com. The killer apps he identified are mining asteroids for spacecraft propellant, building gigantic antennas in space to address Earth’s exponentially growing internet data needs and beaming clean energy to Earth. Metzger was speaking as part of the “Sustainable Expansion: Reaching Mars and Beyond” panel at the New Space Age Conference held on March 11 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Sloan School of Management. Play Video SciTech Is a human colony on Mars feasible? The non-profit group Mars One hopes to establish a permanent human settlement on Mars by 2023. Dr. Michio Kaku weighs in on the possibilities, li... Panel members also included Jeffrey Hoffman, former NASA astronaut and director of MIT’s Man Vehicle lab; Keegan Kirkpatrick, founder and team lead of RedWorks; and Mark Jernigan, associate director of the Human Health and Performance Directorate at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston. The panel discussed the economics of colonizing Mars. There’s some intrigue surrounding who will be the first to put boots on Mars, as NASA aims to get astronauts to the vicinity of the Red Planet in the 2030s, and a handful of other entities, such as Elon Musk’s SpaceX, are drawing up their own Mars plans. But it’s best not to regard the effort as a race, NASA officials and other experts have stressed; for a permanent Red Planet colony to succeed, they have said, slow and steady might be the best pace. That slow pace will allow government and private entities to set up the necessary supply chain. Metzger is pretty confident about the viability of the three supply-chain technologies, because he’s spent the last decade or so keeping a list of every idea anyone has suggested for making money in space. “The craziest one I heard was to put a retirement home on the moon. That way, when people fall, they won’t break their hip, [because they’ll be] in low gravity,” he explained to the conference attendees. “I don’t see that one surviving.” Killer app #1: Mining asteroids for propellant Mining asteroids has a business case right now, said Metzger. That case revolves around conventional satellites that use electric thrusters after launch to get into their geostationary orbits, located some 22,000 miles (35,400 kilometers) above the planet. That trip can take anywhere from six to 12 months. During that time, the satellite company is spending money on overhead costs and not making any revenue, Metzger said. Asteroid mining offers a solution to that unused time, he said. A spacecraft would excavate the rocky material on an asteroid and then extract the water molecules that are chemically bound to the rock’s clay minerals. Next, the craft would deliver the collected water to an orbiting depot, where the water would be split into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen, which can be used as rocket fuel. A space tug would then collect the fuel and rendezvous with a recently launched satellite, where the tug would inject the fuel and boost the satellite into its final orbit. [How Asteroid Mining Could Work (Infographic)] 58 Photos Mars rover Curiosity: Images from the Red Planet The Mars Science Laboratory vehicle has taken its first very big step - it has landed on the surface of the Red Planet If that boost can be done in less than a week, a satellite company would save hundreds of millions of dollars, Metzger said. He said he has calculated the estimated cost of building the asteroid-mining spacecraft, the cost of the fuel depot, the cost of the space tug and the cost of operating all three of them. “Within a range of parameters, it comes out profitable,” Metzger said. Luxembourg has begun working on a similar project. The nation — the home base of SES, one of the world’s largest satellite operators — announced plans last June to spend $223 million U.S. on asteroid-mining initiatives. Killer app #2: 3D-printed space antennas Humanity’s demand for internet data doubles every 10.5 months. In about a decade, this demand will overtake capacity, and companies won’t be able to lay new fiber-optic cables fast enough to keep up, Metzger said. Some companies, including SpaceX and OneWeb, are moving forward with plans to launch thousands of small internet satellites into low-Earth orbit, about 750 miles (1,200 km) up, to keep data flowing. In low-Earth orbit, satellites move faster than the planet spins, never staying over the same location for very long. That means these low-Earth data satellites would have to hand off data to satellites coming up from behind. Because thousands of these satellites would work as a network, and because they would have limited capacity, the entire fleet would have to be replaced at the same time to handle increases in data. “This solution is going to get us another couple of decades of internet, but it’s not going to be a final solution,” Metzger said. He said he envisions giant space-based internet antennas 3D-printed from metal ore mined from asteroids. The technology for 3D printing objects in space is already being developed. With the help of a $20 million NASA contract, California-based company Made In Space is working with Northrop Grumman and Oceaneering Space Systems on a project called Archinaut, which aims to build a 3D printer that will assemble a large, complex structure in space by 2018. A space-economy road map from United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, supports the viability of 3D-printed systems as well, suggesting that asteroid mining and space-based manufacturing could come online within the next five years. By 2045, ULA aims to have 1,000 people living and working in space, generating $2.7 trillion in revenue, company representatives have said. Play Video CBS Evening News Elon Musk's vision of life on Mars Elon Musk, the California billionaire behind Tesla and SpaceX, has unveiled plans to turn the planet next door into a tourist attraction. Carter ... The 3D-printed antennas would circle Earth in a geostationary orbit, that sweet spot about 22,000 miles up where objects move at the same rate as the planet spins. Each internet satellite would therefore be “fixed” over one location on Earth. If the data requirements for a particular city — Chicago, for example —increased, then satellites could be adjusted to split their beams and provide more capacity, Metzger said. [3D Printing in Space: A New Dimension (Photo Gallery)] Ideally, the antennas would work as part of a multitiered system in which high-priority requests could be routed through fiber optics and low-Earth satellites, while less urgent needs could flow through geosynchronous satellites, he said. “I’ve run the numbers on this. We could build a system in geosynchronous orbit that would provide 40 billion times today’s data rate, which would supply Earth’s demands all the way until the end of the century,” Metzger said. And companies could earn revenue doing this, he added. The internet is a trillion-dollar industry that’s doubling every 10.5 months, Metzger said. “Even if you capture [just] a small fraction of that industry within 30 years, you can achieve this $2.7 trillion target that United Launch Alliance is aiming for,” he said. Killer app #3: Beaming clean power to Earth Solving Earth’s data demand won’t solve all of humanity’s computing problems, however. A report last year by the Semiconductor Industry Association and Semiconductor Research Corporation concluded that, by 2040, computers will use up all of the available energy on the planet. Humanity therefore needs to look beyond Earth for a sustainable energy source. In 2012, John Mankins received funding from the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts program to develop his idea for an orbiting array of thin, movable mirrors that would beam solar power to Earth. Play Video Saturday Can potatoes really grow on Mars? NASA and private companies are planning expeditions to Mars. The new space race could be titled "Destination: Mars." But the astronaut explorers ... Mankins — a former scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory and now the president of Artemis Innovation Management Solutions in Santa Maria, California — proposed that the array’s components be manufactured on Earth and then launched into space. But that could cost trillions up front, making it difficult for the project to attract investors, Metzger said. Manufacturing the system in space could be the most economical approach, he added. “If we do the first killer app, propellant mining, then that leads into the second killer app, which is making large antennas in space,” said Metzger. “We will reach the point that we can build these space based-solar-power systems without having to launch everything.” By that point, the space-based economic engine will be humming along. People will then be able to diversify, he said. More infrastructure and more industries would then be able to move into space, making it less necessary to launch supplies into orbit, Metzger said. “Eventually, you get a complete supply chain,” he said. And the more industry there is in space, he said, the easier it will be to build spacecraft to colonize Mars. “I’m very optimistic about this,” Metzger said. You can follow Tracy Staedter at her website tracystaedter.com and @tracy_staedter. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor’s Recommendations Asteroid Mining Gallery: Planetary Resources to Mine Space Rocks Incredible Technology - Space Travel and Exploration SpaceX to Mars: Awe-Inspiring Video Shows Vision for Red Planet Exploration Space.com. All rights reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Poisoned Prisoner 760 Tortured at Guantanamo, former inmate finds forgiveness Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Viewers react to Marine Le Pen's vision of France Play Video Shots Fired Play Video Peter Marino Play Video Letters on "Chess Country" Play Video Trump business concerns Play Video Kushner's foreign policy Play Video Trump praises strongman Play Video Supreme Court showdown Play Video Russia subway attack Previous Next 53 Photos 2017 ACM Awards highlights 64 Photos 2017 ACM Awards red carpet 15 Photos World War II graveyard off the American coast 18 Photos Torrent of floodwaters sweeps through Colombian town 50 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed FBI probing Trump campaign ties to DNC hack After Trump threat, Freedom Caucus fires back Pressure mounts on Michael Flynn to testify without immunity Trump signs executive order dismantling Obama environmental regulations Amid calls for recusal, House Intel Committee chair Devin Nunes digs in New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports QUICK LINKS Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-062-17 April 3, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY Raytheon Co., Tucson, Arizona, was awarded a competitive cost-plus-fixed-fee contract up to $59,608,722 with an estimated completion date of April 2, 2020, for the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle (KV) technology risk reduction (TRR) effort. No options are contemplated.  This contract represents part of the Missile Defense Agency's technology risk reduction strategy to improve performance and reduce risk for secure communications systems, high sensitivity multi-band sensor, survivable processor, KV divert and attitude control system, bus sensor and sensor pointing, and the engagement management. The work will be performed in Tucson, Arizona. This contract was competitively procured via publication on the Federal Business Opportunities website through an Advanced Technology Innovation broad agency announcement.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and engineering funds in the amount of $3,590,000; and fiscal 2017 research, development, test and engineering funds in the amount of $5,232,000, for a total of $8,822,000 being obligated at the time of award. The Missile Defense Agency, Huntsville, Alabama, is the contracting activity (HQ0147-17-C-0003). ARMY Northrop Grumman Corp., Huntsville, Alabama, was awarded a $48,061,680 modification (P00144) to contract W31P4Q-08-C-0418 to provide support to the Integrated Battle Command System (IBCS) development contract engineering and manufacturing development phase activities; and provide continuity during transition of the IBCS effort. Work will be performed in Huntsville, Alabama, with an estimated completion date of Oct. 31, 2017. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $20,000,000 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity. Atkins-MOCA JV, Dallas, Texas, modification (P00007) to contract W912DY-12-D-0045; Gallup-Woolpert JV LLC, San Diego, California, modification (P00008) to contract W912DY-12-D-0046; HDR Engineering Inc., Colorado Springs, Colorado, modification (P00008) to contract W912DY-12-D-0047; and Parsons Government Services Inc., Pasadena, California, modification (P00007) to contract W912DY-12-D-0048, will share in an award of $13,000,000 in modifications to contracts for architecture-engineering services. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of June 18, 2017. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntsville, Alabama, is the contracting activity. Leidos Inc., Reston, Virginia, was awarded an $8,718,331 modification (P00069) to contract W52H09-08-C-0170 to purchase 13 stand-alone large – multiple person entrance green systems with generators; four stand-alone large – multiple person entrance tan systems with generators; 11 Tent Kit 2 – multiple person entrance tan systems, and 25 Structure Kit Unimproved Single Person Entrance tan systems for the Joint Expeditionary Collective protection family of systems. Work will be performed in Reston, Virginia, with an estimated completion date of Dec. 23, 2017. Fiscal 2017 other funds in the amount of $8,718,331 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Callahan/Watterson JV,* Fairbanks, Alaska, was awarded a $7,841,500 firm-fixed-price contract for the construct of six 80-foot earth-covered magazines. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 10 received. Work will be performed in Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, with an estimated completion date of Nov. 5, 2018. Fiscal 2017 military construction funds in the amount of $7,841,500 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, is the contracting activity (W911KB-17-C-0011). AIR FORCE The Boeing Co. - Defense, Space & Security, Huntington Beach, California, has been awarded a $42,573,612 cost-plus-incentive-fee, firm-fixed-price, cost reimbursable contract for Next Generation Cryptographic Architecture on the Combat Survivor Evader Locator program. Contractor will provide development, certification, integration, testing in fielding the cryptographic modernization of the Ultra High Frequency Base Station and the Combat Survivor Evader Locator Interrogator Module. In addition, they will complete technical data package for the Combat Survivor Evader Locator system. Work will be performed at Huntington Beach, California, and is expected to be complete by July 5, 2020. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $4,500,000 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Hill Air Force Base, Utah, is the contracting activity (FA8217-17-C-0003). NWF Contractors Inc., Ft. Walton Beach, Florida, has been awarded a $9,176,349 requirements contract to construct concrete targets. Contractor will provide all plant, labor, materials, equipment, and perform all operations in connection with the construction of various reinforced concrete targets on specified test areas in accordance with the specifications and drawings. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, and is expected to be complete by April 2, 2022. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with seven offers received. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA2823-17-D-4001). NAVY Astro Machine Works Inc.,* Ephrata, Pennsylvania (N00178-17-D-0024); and Merrill Aviation Inc.,* Saginaw, Michigan (N00178-17-D-0025), are being awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contracts for the manufacture, assembly, inspection, and delivery of gun weapon system components and future redesigned and upgraded assemblies that derive from research, prototyping, and developmental stages of Battle Management Systems programs.  The delivery orders, when combined for both contracts, will not exceed $41,651,000 and will be awarded competitively on firm-fixed-price basis. Work will be performed in Ephrata, Pennsylvania; and Saginaw, Michigan, and is expected to be completed by March 2022.  Fiscal 2017 procurement (Air Force) funding in the amount of $241,695 will be obligated at time of award to Astro Machine Works Inc., and funding in the amount of $89,646 will be obligated at time of award to Merrill Aviation Inc., and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with three proposals received.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division, Dahlgren, Virginia, is the contracting activity. *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market 2017 – Lockheed Martin, Zerotech, YAMAHA Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — The motive of this strategic research report entitled „Global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market 2017″ is to provide company officials, industry investors, and industry members with consequential insights to enable them make reliable strategic decisions regarding the opportunities in the global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market. Key Notes On Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market: „Global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market 2017 „offers crucial insights into the global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market along with the market size and estimates for the duration 2017 to 2023. This industry report lists the dominant competitors and provides the consequential industry Analysis of the key terms influencing the market.The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of trending industry facts, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the prominent industry Players. Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here: https://market.biz/report/2017-top-5-unmanned-aircraft-systems-uas-market-lpi/38333/#inquiry Most of the Key Players Functioning in the Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market follow the strategy of operational extension in order to boost the production capacity, market existence, client base. Dominant players in Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market: Lockheed Martin Zerotech YAMAHA Xaircraft Parrot SA Northrop Grumman IAI Da-Jiang Boeing AscTec AeroVironment 3D Robotics, Inc Get Sample Copy Of Report From Here: https://market.biz/report/2017-top-5-unmanned-aircraft-systems-uas-market-lpi/38333/#requestforsample This Report scrutinize the global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market in terms of product type, applicaion service, client, and geography.The global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market covers major continents. Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Market based on Regions: North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) The global Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market gets segmentized into two parts product and application. Analysis based on Product Segment: Fixed Wing Rotary Wing Analysis based on Application Segment: Commercial Military Consumer Others In addition, this research study covers thorough analysis of multiple market segments based on applications, study across different geographies and Products.The report also includes competitive profiling of the leading Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) vendors, their expansion plans, market status, and latest trends and developments in order to help strategic decision makers, Overall the Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) report offers complete consequential analysis of the parent market, key tactics followed by leading industry Players, upcoming segments, former, current and forecast market analysis in terms of volume and value along with entire research conclusions. The Report serves as a valuable guide for the industry players and other individuals who are interested in studying the Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Biogas Power Plants Market 2017– Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Global Bacterial Biopesticides Market 2017– Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Search Recent Posts Dalet Expands Choices for Broadcasters and Content Producers with Solutions for Media Workflows Orchestration that Streamline Program Preparation, Unified News Operations, Multimedia Radio, Post-Production and Multi-Platform Distribution Global Avastin (Ovarian Cancer) Market 2017– Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Global Thermal Paper Market 2017 – Oji (JP),Ricoh (JP),Mitsubishi Paper (JP) Global Tactile Switches Market 2017 – Xinda, Wurth Electronics, TE Connectivity Global Baby Toiletries Market 2017– Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Telefonix PDT Accelerates Onboard Gigabit WiFi for IFEC with the Introduction of an 802.11ac, Wave 2 Cabin Wireless Access Point The New Telefonix PDT™ CabinACe-2™ WAP Boosts Overall Network Capacity with MU-MIMO Optimized ClientMatch® Technology, and Adaptive Radio Management News provided by Telefonix Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 15:55 ET Share this article HAMBURG, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- (AIX Hall B2, Stand 2D70) -- The Telefonix PDT team ushers in greater network performance for airline customers with the introduction of the CabinACe-2™ wireless access point (WAP), the industry's first 802.11ac Wave 2 WAP for the aircraft cabin environment. The CabinACe-2 product provides dynamic Multi-User Multiple Input/Multiple Output (MU-MIMO), significantly boosting network capacity. The company's new IFEC hardware is the only Wave 2, ARINC 628 compliant WAP available on the market today, making it the first to meet the industry's latest adopted standard for electrical characteristics and interfaces, RF performance, size, weight, and power.   With airline customers demanding high bandwidth applications, for example high-definition video streaming, airline network architects are being challenged to support increasing WiFi capacity performance requirements. Additionally, the introduction of new, Wave 2 client devices, which offer higher 802.11ac performance, requires the right kind of network intelligence to take advantage of new MU-MIMO-capable mobile devices by steering and grouping them together – thus improving the efficiency of the available bandwidth. The new Telefonix PDT CabinACe-2 product is the Telefonix PDT answer to this challenge. Telefonix PDT(TM) CabinACe-2(TM) Leveraging Wave 2 to Support #GenMobile with High-flying Wi-Fi Where 802.11ac, Wave 1 offered a drastic jump in network performance over 802.11n with 80 MHz channel bandwidth and support for up to 3 spatial streams, 802.11ac, Wave 2 promises to offer another leap in improvement over Wave 1. Wave 2 technology has the potential to offer double the bandwidth (to 160 MHz), support for 4 spatial streams, and features MU-MIMO, which will support the bandwidth and capacity requirements of emerging applications for years to come. To prepare for the anticipated adoption of Wave 2 devices, the CabinACe-2 access point engine incorporates intelligent awareness technology for Wave 2, MU-MIMO clients, automatically steering and grouping MU-MIMO devices together. This ClientMatch® technology allows the unit to transmit data to multiple Wave 2 - enabled devices simultaneously, which not only improves individual device performance, but it will also boost the overall network efficiency. The result is up to 42 percent improvement in performance over other cabin wireless access point solutions without ClientMatch technology. Availability Telefonix PDT is proud to announce that the CabinACe-2 product is already in commercial production. DO-160G testing has been completed, along with an extensive Boeing Line Fit offerability test program.  Additional STC retrofit projects for additional product configurations will begin later this year. "This is a really exciting time at Telefonix PDT and in our industry," says Alan Manns, Director of Business Development for Telefonix PDT. "Technology moves very quickly, both on the ground and in the air. The introduction of our CabinACe-2 product is a testament to the commitment of Telefonix PDT to remaining a technology forward provider of IFEC hardware. This commitment is one of the reasons that the company is moving towards the head of the line in terms of delivery of cabin wireless access points in the next 12 months." About Telefonix PDT Telefonix, Inc is a design, manufacturing and management company with more than 25 years of experience in highly regulated industries. In 2013, the Telefonix PDT team was created within the company to focus exclusively on product solutions for the aviation marketplace, offering a full suite of design services that leverage the Telefonix aerospace and manufacturing experience and the breadth of PDTs extensive design consultancy experience. By understanding the complex relationship between design and lifecycle management, Telefonix PDT excels at delivering aerospace products today, which can be supported and upgraded tomorrow. Telefonix, Inc. is headquartered in Waukegan, IL and is an AS9100, ISO9000, and ISO 14000 certified manufacturer. www.telefonixpdt.com *ClientMatch is a registered trademark of Aruba Networks, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Contact: Allison Burke Email: 153337@email4pr.com Ph: 847.244.4500, ext. 221 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/telefonix-pdt-accelerates-onboard-gigabit-wifi-for-ifec-with-the-introduction-of-an-80211ac-wave-2-cabin-wireless-access-point-300433671.html SOURCE Telefonix Inc. Related Links http://www.telefonixpdt.com Oct 07, 2015, 08:35 ET Preview: Alliant Energy's Solar Power Research Program Includes PowerPost Electric Vehicle Charging Stations My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Telefonix PDT Accelerates Onboard Gigabit WiFi for IFEC with the Introduction of an 802.11ac, Wave 2 Cabin Wireless Access Point News provided by Telefonix Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 15:55 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Don't Miss Leaders kick off largest energy savings contract in AF history AFSC/CC sends message to Airmen AIR FORCE HISTORY: Enlisted Medal of Honor Recipient Henry E. ‘Red’ Erwin TINKER HISTORY: J35 Allison turbojet engine CSAF focus group to discuss revitalizing the squadron COMMENTARY: Celebrating excellence in each other and all that we do Continuing installation security initiatives Celebrating our present-day ‘Rosies’: Tinker women who help keep the gears turning 965th AACS Dark Stars come shining through Tinker Toastmasters host speech contest The Tinker Take Off Home About Us Contact Us Air Force news Archives Tinker Take Off Time Off Advertising Classifieds Special Publications Tinker Living 2016-17 The Base Guide and Directory 2015-16 Tinker Base Map 2017 Health and Wellness Guide Saluting Our Veterans Holiday Gift Guide Living in Oklahoma The National Guard Association of Oklahoma Education Guide Real Estate: your home, your life Combined Federal Campaign Home / 2017-03 Mar. 31 - April 6 vol. 75_iss.13 / TINKER HISTORY: J35 Allison turbojet engine TINKER HISTORY: J35 Allison turbojet engine By: jilliancoleman April 3, 2017 Comments Off on TINKER HISTORY: J35 Allison turbojet engine Greg L. Davis 72nd Air Base Wing Public Affairs The J35 turbojet is an outgrowth from the earliest mass-produced turbojet engine, the J33. The J35s initial refinements increased thrust, but it wasn’t until project management was placed in the hands of General Motor’s Allison Division that a radical redesign and development of afterburner created exponential increases in thrust. Republic P-84 Thunderjet aircraft in flight. (Courtesy photo) The Oklahoma City Air Materiel Area/Tinker Air Force Base performed maintenance, repair and overhaul of 12,026 engines between May 1947 and June 1974. This almost 30-year span provided Tinker’s skilled workforce with substantial work and is one of the longest engine maintenance programs in Tinker’s history. The J35 was the first Allison/GE turbojet engine to incorporate an axial-flow compressor — the type of compressor used in all GE engines since. A number of cutting-edge designs were powered by the J35 as the U.S. rapidly expanded the boundaries of flight during the late 1940s and early 1950s. In fact, the J35 pushed a Douglas D-558-1 “Skystreak” to a record-breaking 650 mph in 1947. The engine was also used in the Republic YF-84, Douglas XB-43, North American XB-45, Consolidated XB-46, Boeing XB-47, Martin XB-48, Northrop RB-35B and YB-49, North American XF-86, and Northrop XF-89. Aircraft designs which eventually went in to large-scale production used the J35 to power multiple versions of Republic’s straight-wing F-84 “Thunderjet,” swept-wing F-84 “Thunderstreak,” and reconnaissance configured “Thunderflash.” Boeing’s B-47 “Stratojet” and Northrop’s F-89 “Scorpion” jets were also powered by the J35 engine. The F-84 served with allied nations for three years after being fully retired from the U.S. inventory by the Air National Guard in 1971. This continued service and maintenance through foreign military sales programs most likely contributed to the extended length of time the engine was maintained by the U.S. Air Force.   Manufacturer: Allison/General Electric Engine type: J35 Characteristics: Axial flow afterburning turbojet with maximum thrust of 8,000 lbs. In-service dates: 1947-1974 Number produced: 14,169 Tinker connection: Maintenance, repair and overhaul     2:13 pm Mon, April 3, 2017 The Tinker Take Off jilliancoleman Related Articles Leaders kick off largest energy savings contract in AF history April 3, 2017 AFSC/CC sends message to Airmen April 3, 2017 AIR FORCE HISTORY: Enlisted Medal of Honor Recipient Henry E. ‘Red’ Erwin April 3, 2017 My Account SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Leaders kick off largest energy savings contract in AF history AFSC/CC sends message to Airmen AIR FORCE HISTORY: Enlisted Medal of Honor Recipient Henry E. ‘Red’ Erwin TINKER HISTORY: J35 Allison turbojet engine Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 Tinker Take Off 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Telefonix PDT Accelerates Onboard Gigabit WiFi for IFEC with the Introduction of an 802.11ac, Wave 2 Cabin Wireless Access Point The New Telefonix PDT(TM) CabinACe-2(TM) WAP Boosts Overall Network Capacity with MU-MIMO Optimized ClientMatch® Technology, and Adaptive Radio Management HAMBURG, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- (AIX Hall B2, Stand 2D70) -- The Telefonix PDT team ushers in greater network performance for airline customers with the introduction of the CabinACe-2™ wireless access point (WAP), the industry's first 802.11ac Wave 2 WAP for the aircraft cabin environment. The CabinACe-2 product provides dynamic Multi-User Multiple Input/Multiple Output (MU-MIMO), significantly boosting network capacity. The company's new IFEC hardware is the only Wave 2, ARINC 628 compliant WAP available on the market today, making it the first to meet the industry's latest adopted standard for electrical characteristics and interfaces, RF performance, size, weight, and power.   With airline customers demanding high bandwidth applications, for example high-definition video streaming, airline network architects are being challenged to support increasing WiFi capacity performance requirements. Additionally, the introduction of new, Wave 2 client devices, which offer higher 802.11ac performance, requires the right kind of network intelligence to take advantage of new MU-MIMO-capable mobile devices by steering and grouping them together – thus improving the efficiency of the available bandwidth. The new Telefonix PDT CabinACe-2 product is the Telefonix PDT answer to this challenge. Leveraging Wave 2 to Support #GenMobile with High-flying Wi-Fi Where 802.11ac, Wave 1 offered a drastic jump in network performance over 802.11n with 80 MHz channel bandwidth and support for up to 3 spatial streams, 802.11ac, Wave 2 promises to offer another leap in improvement over Wave 1. Wave 2 technology has the potential to offer double the bandwidth (to 160 MHz), support for 4 spatial streams, and features MU-MIMO, which will support the bandwidth and capacity requirements of emerging applications for years to come. To prepare for the anticipated adoption of Wave 2 devices, the CabinACe-2 access point engine incorporates intelligent awareness technology for Wave 2, MU-MIMO clients, automatically steering and grouping MU-MIMO devices together. This ClientMatch® technology allows the unit to transmit data to multiple Wave 2 - enabled devices simultaneously, which not only improves individual device performance, but it will also boost the overall network efficiency. The result is up to 42 percent improvement in performance over other cabin wireless access point solutions without ClientMatch technology. Availability Telefonix PDT is proud to announce that the CabinACe-2 product is already in commercial production. DO-160G testing has been completed, along with an extensive Boeing Line Fit offerability test program.  Additional STC retrofit projects for additional product configurations will begin later this year. "This is a really exciting time at Telefonix PDT and in our industry," says Alan Manns, Director of Business Development for Telefonix PDT. "Technology moves very quickly, both on the ground and in the air. The introduction of our CabinACe-2 product is a testament to the commitment of Telefonix PDT to remaining a technology forward provider of IFEC hardware. This commitment is one of the reasons that the company is moving towards the head of the line in terms of delivery of cabin wireless access points in the next 12 months." About Telefonix PDT Telefonix, Inc is a design, manufacturing and management company with more than 25 years of experience in highly regulated industries. In 2013, the Telefonix PDT team was created within the company to focus exclusively on product solutions for the aviation marketplace, offering a full suite of design services that leverage the Telefonix aerospace and manufacturing experience and the breadth of PDTs extensive design consultancy experience. By understanding the complex relationship between design and lifecycle management, Telefonix PDT excels at delivering aerospace products today, which can be supported and upgraded tomorrow. Telefonix, Inc. is headquartered in Waukegan, IL and is an AS9100, ISO9000, and ISO 14000 certified manufacturer. www.telefonixpdt.com *ClientMatch is a registered trademark of Aruba Networks, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Contact: Allison Burke Email: 153337@email4pr.com Ph: 847.244.4500, ext. 221 SOURCE Telefonix Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Computer hardware, Computer/ Electronics, Telecommunications Industry, Tradeshow News, Travel, wireless communications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Overhead Stirrers Market Growth Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Global Aripiprazole Market Competition by Company, Countries, Application, Type 2017 Search Recent Posts Puerto Rico Takes Top Spots at 2017 Human Exploration Rover Challenge Manulife Asset Management Shares Investment Insights in „Global Intelligence Interim Outlook: Spring 2017” RISI’s Latin American Conference Opens Registration to Welcome the Forest Product Industry SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Galena Biopharma, Inc. To Contact The Firm What Do You Know About Your Right To Counsel? Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Telefonix PDT Accelerates Onboard Gigabit WiFi for IFEC with the Introduction of an 802.11ac, Wave 2 Cabin Wireless Access Point HAMBURG, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — (AIX Hall B2, Stand 2D70) — The Telefonix PDT team ushers in greater network performance for airline customers with the introduction of the CabinACe-2™ wireless access point (WAP), the industry’s first 802.11ac Wave 2 WAP for the aircraft cabin environment. The CabinACe-2 product provides dynamic Multi-User Multiple Input/Multiple Output (MU-MIMO), significantly boosting network capacity. The company’s new IFEC hardware is the only Wave 2, ARINC 628 compliant WAP available on the market today, making it the first to meet the industry’s latest adopted standard for electrical characteristics and interfaces, RF performance, size, weight, and power.   With airline customers demanding high bandwidth applications, for example high-definition video streaming, airline network architects are being challenged to support increasing WiFi capacity performance requirements. Additionally, the introduction of new, Wave 2 client devices, which offer higher 802.11ac performance, requires the right kind of network intelligence to take advantage of new MU-MIMO-capable mobile devices by steering and grouping them together – thus improving the efficiency of the available bandwidth. The new Telefonix PDT CabinACe-2 product is the Telefonix PDT answer to this challenge. Leveraging Wave 2 to Support #GenMobile with High-flying Wi-Fi Where 802.11ac, Wave 1 offered a drastic jump in network performance over 802.11n with 80 MHz channel bandwidth and support for up to 3 spatial streams, 802.11ac, Wave 2 promises to offer another leap in improvement over Wave 1. Wave 2 technology has the potential to offer double the bandwidth (to 160 MHz), support for 4 spatial streams, and features MU-MIMO, which will support the bandwidth and capacity requirements of emerging applications for years to come. To prepare for the anticipated adoption of Wave 2 devices, the CabinACe-2 access point engine incorporates intelligent awareness technology for Wave 2, MU-MIMO clients, automatically steering and grouping MU-MIMO devices together. This ClientMatch® technology allows the unit to transmit data to multiple Wave 2 – enabled devices simultaneously, which not only improves individual device performance, but it will also boost the overall network efficiency. The result is up to 42 percent improvement in performance over other cabin wireless access point solutions without ClientMatch technology. Availability Telefonix PDT is proud to announce that the CabinACe-2 product is already in commercial production. DO-160G testing has been completed, along with an extensive Boeing Line Fit offerability test program.  Additional STC retrofit projects for additional product configurations will begin later this year. „This is a really exciting time at Telefonix PDT and in our industry,” says Alan Manns, Director of Business Development for Telefonix PDT. „Technology moves very quickly, both on the ground and in the air. The introduction of our CabinACe-2 product is a testament to the commitment of Telefonix PDT to remaining a technology forward provider of IFEC hardware. This commitment is one of the reasons that the company is moving towards the head of the line in terms of delivery of cabin wireless access points in the next 12 months.” About Telefonix PDT Telefonix, Inc is a design, manufacturing and management company with more than 25 years of experience in highly regulated industries. In 2013, the Telefonix PDT team was created within the company to focus exclusively on product solutions for the aviation marketplace, offering a full suite of design services that leverage the Telefonix aerospace and manufacturing experience and the breadth of PDTs extensive design consultancy experience. By understanding the complex relationship between design and lifecycle management, Telefonix PDT excels at delivering aerospace products today, which can be supported and upgraded tomorrow. Telefonix, Inc. is headquartered in Waukegan, IL and is an AS9100, ISO9000, and ISO 14000 certified manufacturer. www.telefonixpdt.com *ClientMatch is a registered trademark of Aruba Networks, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Contact: Allison Burke Email: 153337@email4pr.com Ph: 847.244.4500, ext. 221 SOURCE Telefonix Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Augmented and Virtual Reality Industry 2017 Market Developments, Trends, Opportunities & Solutions: Lumus, Meta, Razer Next PostNext Virus Clearance Market by Application, Types, End-User, Regional Analysis and Forecast Up to 2024 Search Recent Posts GWG Holdings Introduces New $150 Million Redeemable Preferred Stock Offering Karyopharm Announces Management Change Ferguson Braswell Fraser Kubasta PC Adds Experienced Litigation and Commercial Real Estate Attorneys Fenix Parts Announces Form 10-K Filing Extension Blackbaud Acquires Market Leading Scholarship Management Platform AcademicWorks Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Local April 3, 2017 2:21 PM That noise overhead making roofs shake and dogs bark? It’s not thunder. Air traffic controllers in the tower monitor air traffic at Myrtle Beach International Airport. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com i By Audrey Hudson ahudson@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Myrtle Beach is not under attack. Those military jets rumbling across the Grand Strand skies this week rattling windows and roofs are actually conducting aerial exercises using the Myrtle Beach International Airport as the base of operations. The exercises will continue through April 10 and will not interfere with the airport’s scheduled commercial aircraft operations, according to a statement from Kirk Lovell, airport spokesman. Aircraft that will be flown as part of this exercise includes the KC‐707, an aerial refueling aircraft developed by Boeing, and identifiable by its four engines. Also flying overhead this week is a Hawker Hunter jet, a British-made fighter aircraft identifiable by the swept-wing design. The fighter aircraft developed by Israel Aircraft Industries, the F-21 KFIR, is taking part in the exercises, as are Learjets. Audrey Hudson: 843-444-1765, @AudreyHudson Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:23 CCU football players visit prison in Bennettsville Pause 2:10 NAACP offers new traffic plan for Bikefest; city sees too many issues with plan 2:34 Generation gap spreads from Atlantic Beach to Myrtle Beach at Bikefest 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 4:47 Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab 1:50 Former NBA player gives talks on the dangers of heroin abuse in Myrtle Beach 2:08 Agencies and community gathered to raise awareness against heroin Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.4 1:43 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.4 2:23 10 hours ago CCU football players visit prison in Bennettsville 0:38 14 hours ago Residents discuss growth of North Myrtle Beach View more video Local Coastal Carolina University cheerleading team suspended indefinitely, responds with statement Traffic on local highway backed up for miles after semi truck flips Prominent member of local Realtors’ group dies Myrtle Beach says Palace Theatre could be ‘unfit for human occupancy’ Myrtle Beach continues to look at downtown properties, but why? Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News TurbineAero, Inc. Announces Philip Constantin, Vice President of Sales – TurbineAero Engines Technics. Philip Constantin to lead all sales activities for TurbineAero Engines Technics, component repair, specialty process and OEM fabrication product lines. TEMPE, AZ, UNITED STATES, April 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — TurbineAero, Inc. Announces Philip Constantin, Vice President of Sales – TurbineAero Engines Technics. Tempe, AZ— 3/30/2017 — TurbineAero is pleased to announce and welcome Philip Constantin as the Vice President of Sales – TurbineAero Engines Technics. Philip will lead all sales activities for TurbineAero Engines Technics, TurbineAero’s component repair, specialty process, and OEM fabrication product lines. Philip originally joined Triumph Logistics in 2007, and was promoted and moved to Thailand in 2008 where he was responsible for Supply Chain and Trading in what is now TurbineAero Air Repair – Thailand. Over the past three years, he was the Director of Business Development with Salt River Aviation where he was successful in bringing new customers and growing other key accounts from Europe and Asia. “I’m honored to rejoin trusted colleagues and partners at TurbineAero,” said Philip Constantin. “My history with Triumph Air Repair and Triumph Aviation Services – Asia is an exciting fit with TurbineAero’s APU capabilities and focus, and I’m excited to take this story to our customers.” Philip will be based in TurbineAero’s Engines Technics lead facility in Tempe, but will cover all OEM’s, APU MRO’s, and Component MRO’s across the America’s and in Europe. Philip joins an established Customer Program’s Team lead by Jeff Reams, as well as Operations Leader’s Jen Fiedler and Chuck Banner. Philip began his aviation career 37 years ago as an aircraft engine mechanic for the Canadian Armed Forces. In 1988, he joined Honeywell and spent the next 18 years supporting Honeywell’s biggest customers across the world including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Agusta-Westland, and Sikorsky. “We are delighted to have Philip Constantin join us as our TurbineAero Engines Technics Vice President of Sales.” said Rob Higby, Chief Executive Officer at TurbineAero. “Philip’s unparalleled service focus, customer relationships, and technical acumen make him the perfect choice to lead our service and growth initiatives for TurbineAero Engines Technics.” About TurbineAero, Inc. TurbineAero was created to become the world’s most comprehensive, flexible, and customer-focused APU MRO Services company in the world. TurbineAero is the world’s largest APU MRO in the world. TurbineAero repairs, sells, leases, tests, and certifies APU and APU related parts accessories. TurbineAero currently has four locations. Three of the business units are located in close proximate to Phoenix, AZ, while the fourth is locate just outside of Bangkok, Thailand. ### For more information on TurbineAero please visit: www.turbineaero.com Jared Butson TurbineAero, Inc. 978-397-8315 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anavex Life Sciences Reports New Mechanism of Action Data Related to ANAVEX Compounds Targeting Sigma-1 Receptor Next PostNext Oilfield Consumables Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts 顧客体験（CX）─“気まずい真実”が明らかに Cargotec Corporation, announcement of managers’ transactions: Pelkonen, Mikko Cargotec Oyj, ilmoitus johdon liiketoimista: Pelkonen, Mikko Cargotec Oyj, ilmoitus johdon liiketoimista: Laine, Mikael Cargotec Corporation, announcement of managers’ transactions: Laine, Mikael Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment Apple sucker punches Imagination Technologies. Can the UK chip designer hit back? The US computer giant plans to make its own graphics chips rather than relying on Imagination's designs, but the UK outfit says it doesn't think Apple can do that without infringing its patents  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 3 April 2017 16:58 BST Click to follow The Independent Online iPhones currently contain chips based on Imagination Technologies' designs Getty Images Talk about a bad start to the week: Apple has brought the hammer down on chip designer Imagination Technologies, saying it doesn’t plan to use the UK company’s kit for very much longer.  The tech giant had licenced Imagination’s graphics technology in the iPhone and other products, paying royalties for the use of its designs. Apple is also a big shareholder, and even talked about buying the business a while back. Instead it bought some Imagination Tech staff, a number of whom have joined the business during the last couple of years. It’s cheaper that way.  Read more Shares in UK tech company crash after Apple says it no longer needs it Apple wins court ruling against banks to retain Apple Pay control iPhone 5 could lose access to future Apple software updates Naturally Imagination is not best pleased, and has questioned whether Apple can, in practice, manage to produce its own chips without in some way infringing upon its patents.  “Apple has not presented any evidence to substantiate its assertion that it will no longer require Imagination's technology, without violating Imagination's patents, intellectual property and confidential information,” it growled, in an announcement to the stock exchange.  And there was an explicit threat at the end: “Imagination has reserved all its rights in respect of Apple's unauthorised use of Imagination's confidential information and Imagination's intellectual property rights.” Cue another one of those patent lawsuits that seem to be endemic to the tech industry? A dream ticket for some ambitious lawyer working for a big London firm?  That’s one possible outcome. Trouble is, while Samsung Vs Apple (they fought a ding dong battle over design patents that reached the US supreme court last year) was like Ali vs Frazier, Imagination Technologies vs Apple looks like throwing flyweight Andrew Selby into the ring with one of the Klitschko brothers. With one hand tied behind his back. Why the latter? Not only is Imagination a mere fraction of Apple’s size with a mere fraction of its resources, Apple’s decision also takes away half its revenues and nearly all of its profits.  The company does have other customers. But there’s a reason it described its contract with the US giant as “essential” to its future.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The only chance for our corporate Selby is if it can make a sufficiently strong case, sufficiently quickly, with the help of its lawyers to get Apple to the table. It needs to sucker punch its customer and force some sort of deal.  Stranger things have happened. And it would be fun to see. You could even imagine those takeover talks being restarted.  Imagination doesn’t appear have many other options right now, and those that it does have don’t look all that good.        More about: Apple Imagination Technologies chipmaker Silicon Valley Patents lawsuits Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 04 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Global-IP chooses SpaceX to launch its 150 Gbps GiSAT-1 By Gulli Arnason in Media and Technology · April 3, 2017 Global-IP Cayman, the innovative satellite communications company with the mission to bring cost-effective Internet and related value-added services to Sub-Saharan Africa, has signed a launch services agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) for its first communication satellite GiSAT-1. GiSAT-1 is a High-Throughput Satellite (“HTS”) with 150 Gbps of capacity, currently under construction by The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA), the company said. SpaceX´s Falcon 9 rocket will launch GiSAT-1. The deployment is scheduled for Q4 2018 and will launch GiSAT-1 into its trajectory for geostationary orbit off the west coast of Africa. GiSAT-1 will have a mission life of 15 years. Global-IP is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with operations in California and Dubai. The company´s vision is to be the catalyst in creating a paradigm shift on how the Internet is accessed and used in Africa. Related posts U2opia Mobile brings FonePass Suite to Asia, Africa April 3, 2017 U2opia Mobile, a global mobile technology player, has launched its sponsored data suite, FonePass across... Microsemi unlocks flash performance in data center servers April 3, 2017 Microsemi Corporation (Nasdaq: MSCC), a provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and... Tellza revenue up 72% YoY April 3, 2017 Tellza Communications Inc. (TSX: TEL) 2016 revenue was USD 525m, up 72% from 2015, the... CAGW likes FCC's proposal to increase competition for business data services April 3, 2017 Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) praised the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for considering a Report... Trading Technologies extends TT platform into London April 3, 2017 Trading Technologies International, Inc.´s (TT) TT futures trading platform now has execution and connectivity services... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « OMS chooses Triton Digital for online audio delivery and monetization Airborne Wireless Network files for experimental license for system demonstration » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Fish and chips fall out of favour with millennials Sales in fish and chip shops have slumped by more than 4 per cent since 2009 Beth Timmins Monday 3 April 2017 15:22 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Back in 2009, fish and chip shops represented 6.4 per cent of the whole QSR market, but this figure has since dropped to 5.6 per cent Getty Images Fish and chip shops are missing out on Britain’s growing food service market by failing to adapt to the consumer habits of millennials, according to new research. A study, conducted by the market research firm the NPD Group, shows that sales in fish and chip shops have slumped by more than 4 per cent since 2009, while sales in other so-called quick-service restaurants, or QSRs - like Pret a Manger and McDonald’s - have risen by 9.2 per cent. Back in 2009, fish and chip shops represented 6.4 per cent of the whole QSR market, but this figure has dropped to 5.6 per cent and threatens to fall even further. Read more Price of fish and chips could go up amid trawler dispute “Our traditional fish and chip shops are in real danger of one day disappearing from the British high street,” said Cyril Lavenant, who heads up the food services business for the NPD Group in the UK. Mr Lavenant attributes the trend to several factors. Firstly, while millennials, defined as those aged 18 to 34, are happy to eat in QSR outlets and account for almost a third of all visits, they appear to see fish and chips as out-of-touch and only contribute around 15 per cent of the visits to those shops, he says. Also pressuring sales, some fish and chip shops are closed at lunchtime and for those that are open “the portions offered are often too big for lunch and packaging can make it difficult to bring this kind of food back to the office or to eat in a public space such as a park”, according to Mr Lavenant. Many consumers also seem to be put off by the lack of seating, the study finds. Read more Fish and chips could be replaced by squid and chips, scientists warn Boris Johnson gets into Brexit row over prosecco and fish and chips Fish and chip shop posts series of sarcastic responses to reviews One in three people who visit high-street fast-food shops sit down for their meal, which is almost five times more than at fish and chip shops, the study shows. Finally, the research shows that fish and chip shops also seem to have less of an appetite for profit than some of their competing food outlets, which could jeopardise their ability to keep up in the longer run. In the wider QSR market, the price per item has risen by 7.5 per cent between 2009 and 2017 but for fish and chip shops the increase has been just 2.6 per cent. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters However, the product itself is not the driver of the trend, according to the research. It shows that more than one in three people say they visit fish and chip shops for the quality of the food, which is higher than the one in four who said that the quality was what attracted them to other high street restaurants. More about: fast-food Food and Drink Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik National Navy in yeomen service for humanity and changing the life pattern… Articles Is OIC still in business? Articles Moral deterioration in Indian society Articles Myth of 3 million killed, 200,000 raped in 1971 Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Home Economy Watch Made in China plane makes first commercial flight Economy Watch Made in China plane makes first commercial flight June 29, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Beijing—China’s homegrown regional jet made its first commercial flight Tuesday, operator Chengdu Airlines said, after years of delays raised questions about the country’s ambitious plans for domestically-produced planes. Chengdu Airlines flew the ARJ21 from its eponymous home base, the capital of the southwestern province of Sichuan, to the commercial hub Shanghai carrying 70 passengers. More than half were paying customers who were aware they were flying in a new plane, an airline spokesman told AFP. The ARJ21—which stands for Advanced Regional Jet for the 21st Century—will ferry flyers on the Chengdu-Shanghai route three times a week, he added. The inaugural flight was the culmination of a 14-year programme to make China a commercial aircraft manufacturer capable of competing with dominant foreign players Boeing and Airbus. But the aircraft still lacks the crucial US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification that would allow it to fly in US skies, and most manufacturers do not yet view the COMAC plane as a competitive threat.—AFP Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePound edges up after hitting 31-year low Next articleIBP, BCI-UK enter into partnership Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Govt eying to reduce fiscal deficit to 3.5 pc of GDP by 2018-19 Economy Watch ‘Garlyk’ mining plant to be inaugurated in Turkmenistan Economy Watch Greek PM says deal with creditors hinges on debt relief Digital Newspaper Cartoon Social Diary Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor-in-Cheif: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: Khalid Butt E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markaz G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved 1998-2017. Daily Pakistan Observer Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TOP NEWS | Latest News | Press Release Term of Use About Us RSS | TWITTER | Facebook | FORUM Tuesday, 4th April 2017 Home National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature Photos Bahasa Lion Air given two months to improve operation system 17 hours ago | 922 Views Documentation of Lion Air's aircraft got incident in Juanda Internasional Airport in Surabaya, East Java, last February. (ANTARA FOTO/Malik) Jakarta (ANTARA News) - The Transportion Ministry said it gave Lion Air two months to improve its operational system to better guarantee safety otherwise it would be punished. The warning came in connection with the excessive filling of fuel or "avtur" at Surabaya's Juanda International Airport on Saturday. "We give the airline time to be seriously addressing and cope with their problem," Air Transport Director General Agus Santoso told reporters here on Monday. He said in two months the airline is expected to show improvement or sanction would be imposed. "If by end of May they still miss the minimum standards, we will slap sanction depending on the Standard Operation Procedure. It could be suspension, or else," Santoso said.  He said he did not rule out conducting special audit if investigations found anything considered fatal. He said he has passed instruction to the Director of Air Worthiness and Aircraft Operation to carry out investigations of all Boeing 737-900 aircraft of Lion Air. "Our focus is 'safety. safety, safety', we hope all airlines especially Lion Air could do the same," he said. Meanwhile, Managing Director of the Lion Group Daniel Putut Kuncoro Adi said the company would examine all of its 108 units of medium bodied Boeing 737-900 aircraft. The management and the Directorate of Aircraft Air Worthiness and Operation will make an inspection. "This week we will process this and will meet with Boeing and Airbus to discuss safety issue," Daniel said adding, "we will take immediate corrective action plan" (ICAP).  Latest News Lion Air given two months to improve operation system 17 hours ago President Jokowi receives three names for constitutional judge`s post 19 hours ago Nazaruddin questioned as witness in e-ID corruption case 19 hours ago Indonesia tightens pre-flight security checks for electronic devices 19 hours ago Agriculture service to process Buah Merah in Timika 19 hours ago Presidential advisory board supports empowerment of KPK 19 hours ago Bandung to host 300 cultural festivals 19 hours ago Jokowi reiterates fulfillment of basic needs during Ramadhan 19 hours ago www.antaranews.com Copyright © 2017 Latest News Top News National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature TV Otomotif Bola Forum Pembaca Press Release Term Of Use About Us Network Guidelines Twitter Facebook RSS
EDISI KORAN | REPUBLIKA TV | IHRAM.CO.ID Find us on: English republika.co.id   Login | Register   News Nasional Internasional Olahraga Pendidikan Intan Beacukai Khazanah Cahaya Islam Hikmah Islam Digest Mualaf Fatwa ZIS - Wakaf Mozaik Empowering Indonesia Rumah Zakat Sepakbola Liga Inggris Liga Spanyol Liga Dunia Internasional Bola Nasional Liga Italia Freekick Oto-Tek Otomotif Trendtek Bina Sarana Informatika Fun Science & Math YPI Al Azhar Leisure Gaya Hidup Senggang InPicture Nasional Internasional Jabotabek Rana Video Berita Stokshot Bincang ROLExplore Ototekno Republikustik Publika Jurnalisme Warga Wacana Komunitas Surat Pembaca Forum Puisi dan Sastra Ekonomi Makro Keuangan Global Korporasi Syariah Energi Fintech English National & Regional Islam in the Archipelago General Travelling Resonance International Speak Out Selarung Nostalgia Abah Alwi Suluh Breaking History Tuturan Indeks x Kanal News Terkini Nasional Internasional Olahraga Pendidikan Intan Beacukai Khazanah Terkini Cahaya Islam Hikmah Islam Digest Mualaf Fatwa ZIS - Wakaf Mozaik Empowering Indonesia Rumah Zakat Sepakbola Terkini Liga Inggris Liga Spanyol Liga Dunia Internasional Bola Nasional Liga Italia Freekick Oto-Tek Terkini Otomotif Trendtek Bina Sarana Informatika Fun Science & Math YPI Al Azhar Leisure Terkini Gaya Hidup Senggang InPicture Terkini Nasional Internasional Jabotabek Rana Video Terkini Berita Stokshot Bincang ROLExplore Ototekno Republikustik Publika Terkini Jurnalisme Warga Wacana Komunitas Surat Pembaca Forum Puisi dan Sastra Ekonomi Terkini Makro Keuangan Global Korporasi Syariah Energi Fintech English Terkini National & Regional Islam in the Archipelago General Travelling Resonance International Speak Out Selarung Terkini Nostalgia Abah Alwi Suluh Breaking History Tuturan Indeks About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Career News Guidance 0 0 0 Mail Copy Komentar Home > English > En Senin , 03 April 2017, 20:18 WIB Transport Ministry gives Lion Air two months to improve operation system Red: Reiny Dwinanda Reuters Lion Air REPUBLIKA.CO.ID, JAKARTA -- The Transport Ministry said it gave Lion Air two months to improve its operational system to better guarantee safety otherwise it would be punished.  The warning came in connection with the excessive filling of fuel or "avtur" at Surabaya's Juanda airport on Saturday.  "We give the airline time to be seriously addressing and cope with their problem," Air Transport Director General Agus Santoso told reporters here on Monday.  Agus said in two months the airline is expected to show improvement or sanction would be imposed.  "If by end of May they still miss the minimum standards, we will slap sanction depending on the Standard Operation Procedure (SOP). It could be suspension, or else," hes aid.  He said he did not rule out conducting special audit if investigations found anything considered fatal.  He said he has passed instruction to the Director of Air Worthiness and Aircraft Operation to carry out investigations of all Boeing 737-900 aircraft of Lion Air. "Our focus is 'safety. safety, safety', we hope all airlines especially Lion Air could do the same," he said. Meanwhile, Managing Director of the Lion Group Daniel Putut Kuncoro Adi said the company would examine all of its 108 units of medium bodied Boeing 737-900 aircraft. The management and the Directorate of Aircraft Air Worthiness and Operation will make an inspection.  "This week we will process this and will meet with Boeing and Airbus to discuss safety issue," Daniel said adding, "we will take immediate corrective action plan" Sumber : Antara 0 SHARE 0 0 0 Mail Copy 0 KOMENTAR TAG #lion air #fuel leakage of lion air's plane #transport ministry Berita Terkait Perbaiki Sistem Operasi, Menhub Beri Waktu Dua Bulan untuk Lion Air Lion Air Janji Perbaiki Kualitas Penerbangan Menhub Panggil Manajemen Lion Air Penumpang Bercanda Pesawat akan Meledak, Lion Air Kembali ke Ngurah Rai Cuaca Buruk, Pendaratan Lion Air di Gorontalo Dialihkan   Berita Lainnya Islam Nusantara 52 seconds ago Bolehkah Mengumpat Suami? Umum 3 minutes ago Festival Cross Border Naikkan Kunjungan Wisman Hukum 3 minutes ago Kornas Fokal IMM Ajukan Penangguhan Penahanan Dugaan Makar Hukum 6 minutes ago Pengacara Ahok: Video Gus Dur akan Berikan Gambaran Makna Al-Maidah Info Sehat 10 minutes ago Lakukan Ini Agar Otak Tetap Tajam Saat Tua Popular Constitutional Court submits three names of judge candidate to replace Patrialis Akbar Erdogan says constitutional changes will boost Turkey's economy Chinese nationals top foreign tourist arrivals in Indonesia Transport Ministry gives Lion Air two months to improve operation system Fixed ceiling price to help curb inflation: BPS Former Democratic Party Treasurer questioned as witness in e-KTP corruption case Alleged coup plot case, Human Right Commission: It is an overreaction Finance service authority promotes Fintech Habiburokhman submits material test of coup plot article to Constitution Court Bomb wounds 16 near police training center in Egypt Indonesia promotes sail, maritime tourism in New Zealand There will be new suspect in e-KTP scandal: KPK Jokowi reiterates fulfillment of basic needs during Ramadhan Low income American strike by fear of hunger, homelessness People are ready to counter negative campaign: Observer   TERPOPULER TERKOMENTARI Polri: Harusnya Gugat Praperadilan Dulu, Bukan ke Mahkamah Internasional Panglima TNI Beberkan 7 Langkah Negara Lain untuk Kuasai Indonesia Relawan Ahok-Djarot Datangi Sandiaga Mau Ikut Program OK OCE Bella Hadid Bangga Menjadi Seorang Muslim Mengapa Warga Keturunan Cina Punya Nama Tionghoa dan Pribumi? Selengkapnya Bolehkah Mengumpat Suami? Festival Cross Border Naikkan Kunjungan Wisman Kornas Fokal IMM Ajukan Penangguhan Penahanan Dugaan Makar Pengacara Ahok: Video Gus Dur akan Berikan Gambaran Makna Al-Maidah Lakukan Ini Agar Otak Tetap Tajam Saat Tua Foto In Picture: Ahok Jalani Sidang Ke-17 Kasus Penistaan Agama Video Trump Ubah Haluan AS Terhadap Mesir Gerakan ISIS Serukan Pembunuhan Imam Texas? Amazon Merambah Pasar E-Commerce Timur Tengah All Kanal [ + ] [ - ] Find us on: News Nasional Internasional Olahraga Pendidikan Intan Beacukai Khazanah Cahaya Islam Hikmah Islam Digest Mualaf Fatwa ZIS - Wakaf Mozaik Empowering Indonesia Rumah Zakat Sepakbola Liga Inggris Liga Spanyol Liga Dunia Internasional Bola Nasional Liga Italia Freekick Oto-Tek Otomotif Trendtek Bina Sarana Informatika Fun Science & Math YPI Al Azhar Leisure Gaya Hidup Senggang InPicture Nasional Internasional Jabotabek Rana About Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Pedoman Siber Karir Video Berita Stokshot Bincang ROLExplore Ototekno Republikustik Publika Jurnalisme Warga Wacana Komunitas Surat Pembaca Forum Puisi dan Sastra Ekonomi Makro Keuangan Global Korporasi Syariah Energi Fintech English National & Regional Islam in the Archipelago General Travelling Resonance International Speak Out Selarung Nostalgia Abah Alwi Suluh Breaking History Tuturan Copyright © 2015 republika.co.id, All right reserved
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / The UK’s first enterprise event for wearables, AR & VR announced The UK’s first enterprise event for wearables, AR & VR announced Posted on April 3, 2017 by SourceWire All Categories in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Evolve Media Group today announces the launch of The WAVE (Wearables, AR & VR in Enterprise) Congress – the UK’s first enterprise focussed conference for wearables, augmented and virtual reality. The inaugural event will take place at the Manufacturing Technology Centre (MTC) in Coventry on the 22nd June.  The conference is being produced following delegate research from the recent Wearable Technology Show in London, which revealed a need for relevant, business focussed information on technology.   The WAVE Congress is the only dedicated event of its kind in the UK, and will feature leading companies in the space, including Jaguar Land Rover, Airbus, Boeing, Accenture, and Fhoss Technologies. They will discuss and debate cutting edge technology and the latest innovations specifically for the enterprise, and cover real world case studies from businesses deploying connected technology in the UK and overseas. The event is open for delegate registration and sponsorship opportunities – the website can be found at www.wavecongress.com John Weir, Event Director, comments “This is a unique opportunity to hear real use cases from businesses deploying connected technology in the workplace, as well as being able to make valuable contacts and understand how wearables, AR & VR are evolving to meet the needs of business in the twenty first century.” The WAVE Congress – www.wavecongress.com About the organisers The Evolve Media Group has successfully organised technology events in the UK and overseas for the past five years, including The Wearable Technology Show, IOT Connect, AR & VR Show, and The Digital Health Technology Show. For further information John Weir – john.weir@edpltd.co.uk Phone – 00 44 (0) 1179 323586         Latest News Carbon Black Named Best Endpoint Detection and Response Solution by Security Professionals in SANS Institute Awards CentraComm Becomes Palo Alto Networks Certified Professional Services Provider (CPSP) Special Announcement – 2016 Nestlé in Society Creating Shared Value and Meeting our Commitments Full Report Now Available Cloud Security Alliance to Host Inaugural Summit in Boston Integrating Caregivers at Discharge Cuts Patient Readmission Orion Entrance Control Integrates SV3 by Building Intelligence to Deliver Streamlined Visitor Management by QR Code The UK’s first enterprise event for wearables, AR & VR announced Mitch Reitman One of Five 2017 Security Sales & Integration Industry Hall of Fame Inductees Charter Global Launches Oracle JD Edwards Mobile Apps at Collaborate17 BCC Retains Echelon Wealth Partners © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Tech These Three Killer Apps Could Help Humans Colonize Mars By Tracy Staedter, Space.com Contributor | April 3, 2017 08:00am ET MORE An artist's illustration of astronaut pioneers on Mars. Credit: NASA/Pat Rawlings Successfully colonizing the Red Planet will depend on three key technologies, or "killer apps," an expert said at a recent panel. Those technologies will make it possible to get supplies to a potential Mars colony, said Philip Metzger, a planetary scientist at the University of Central Florida and a co-founder of NASA Kennedy Space Center's Swamp Works laboratory. "I don't think there's really a viable case for colonizing Mars until after we after we get a supply chain established," he said. [How Will a Human Mars Base Work? NASA's Vision in Images] This supply chain, Metzger said, will consist of three "killer apps" — profitable ventures that could serve as the economic stepping-stones to the Red Planet. "Just like email — and, later, Facebook — were killer apps that made the internet economically viable, so there will be particular uses of space that will make the space industry economically viable," Metzger told Space.com. The killer apps he identified are mining asteroids for spacecraft propellant, building gigantic antennas in space to address Earth's exponentially growing internet data needs and beaming clean energy to Earth. Metzger was speaking as part of the "Sustainable Expansion: Reaching Mars and Beyond" panel at the New Space Age Conference held on March 11 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Sloan School of Management. Panel members also included Jeffrey Hoffman, former NASA astronaut and director of MIT's Man Vehicle lab; Keegan Kirkpatrick, founder and team lead of RedWorks; and Mark Jernigan, associate director of the Human Health and Performance Directorate at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. The panel discussed the economics of colonizing Mars. There's some intrigue surrounding who will be the first to put boots on Mars, as NASA aims to get astronauts to the vicinity of the Red Planet in the 2030s, and a handful of other entities, such as Elon Musk's SpaceX, are drawing up their own Mars plans. But it's best not to regard the effort as a race, NASA officials and other experts have stressed; for a permanent Red Planet colony to succeed, they have said, slow and steady might be the best pace. That slow pace will allow government and private entities to set up the necessary supply chain. Metzger is pretty confident about the viability of the three supply-chain technologies, because he’s spent the last decade or so keeping a list of every idea anyone has suggested for making money in space. "The craziest one I heard was to put a retirement home on the moon. That way, when people fall, they won't break their hip, [because they'll be] in low gravity," he explained to the conference attendees. "I don't see that one surviving." Killer app #1: Mining asteroids for propellant Mining asteroids has a business case right now, said Metzger. That case revolves around conventional satellites that use electric thrusters after launch to get into their geostationary orbits, located some 22,000 miles (35,400 kilometers) above the planet. That trip can take anywhere from six to 12 months. During that time, the satellite company is spending money on overhead costs and not making any revenue, Metzger said. Asteroid mining offers a solution to that unused time, he said. A spacecraft would excavate the rocky material on an asteroid and then extract the water molecules that are chemically bound to the rock's clay minerals. Next, the craft would deliver the collected water to an orbiting depot, where the water would be split into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen, which can be used as rocket fuel. A space tug would then collect the fuel and rendezvous with a recently launched satellite, where the tug would inject the fuel and boost the satellite into its final orbit. [How Asteroid Mining Could Work (Infographic)] If that boost can be done in less than a week, a satellite company would save hundreds of millions of dollars, Metzger said. He said he has calculated the estimated cost of building the asteroid-mining spacecraft, the cost of the fuel depot, the cost of the space tug and the cost of operating all three of them. "Within a range of parameters, it comes out profitable," Metzger said. Luxembourg has begun working on a similar project. The nation — the home base of SES, one of the world's largest satellite operators — announced plans last June to spend $223 million U.S. on asteroid-mining initiatives. Asteroids are fascinating for lots of reasons. They contain a variety of valuable resources and slam into our planet on a regular basis, occasionally snuffing out most of Earth's lifeforms. How much do you know about space rocks? Start the Quiz 0 of 10 questions complete Asteroid Basics: A Space Rock Quiz Asteroids are fascinating for lots of reasons. They contain a variety of valuable resources and slam into our planet on a regular basis, occasionally snuffing out most of Earth's lifeforms. How much do you know about space rocks? 0 of questions complete Start Over | More Quizzes Killer app #2: 3D-printed space antennas Humanity's demand for internet data doubles every 10.5 months. In about a decade, this demand will overtake capacity, and companies won't be able to lay new fiber-optic cables fast enough to keep up, Metzger said. Some companies, including SpaceX and OneWeb, are moving forward with plans to launch thousands of small internet satellites into low-Earth orbit, about 750 miles (1,200 km) up, to keep data flowing. In low-Earth orbit, satellites move faster than the planet spins, never staying over the same location for very long. That means these low-Earth data satellites would have to hand off data to satellites coming up from behind. Because thousands of these satellites would work as a network, and because they would have limited capacity, the entire fleet would have to be replaced at the same time to handle increases in data. "This solution is going to get us another couple of decades of internet, but it's not going to be a final solution," Metzger said. He said he envisions giant space-based internet antennas 3D-printed from metal ore mined from asteroids. The technology for 3D printing objects in space is already being developed. With the help of a $20 million NASA contract, California-based company Made In Space is working with Northrop Grumman and Oceaneering Space Systems on a project called Archinaut, which aims to build a 3D printer that will assemble a large, complex structure in space by 2018. A space-economy road map from United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, supports the viability of 3D-printed systems as well, suggesting that asteroid mining and space-based manufacturing could come online within the next five years. By 2045, ULA aims to have 1,000 people living and working in space, generating $2.7 trillion in revenue, company representatives have said. The 3D-printed antennas would circle Earth in a geostationary orbit, that sweet spot about 22,000 miles up where objects move at the same rate as the planet spins. Each internet satellite would therefore be "fixed" over one location on Earth. If the data requirements for a particular city — Chicago, for example —increased, then satellites could be adjusted to split their beams and provide more capacity, Metzger said. [3D Printing in Space: A New Dimension (Photo Gallery)] Ideally, the antennas would work as part of a multitiered system in which high-priority requests could be routed through fiber optics and low-Earth satellites, while less urgent needs could flow through geosynchronous satellites, he said. "I've run the numbers on this. We could build a system in geosynchronous orbit that would provide 40 billion times today's data rate, which would supply Earth's demands all the way until the end of the century," Metzger said. And companies could earn revenue doing this, he added. The internet is a trillion-dollar industry that's doubling every 10.5 months, Metzger said. "Even if you capture [just] a small fraction of that industry within 30 years, you can achieve this $2.7 trillion target that United Launch Alliance is aiming for," he said. Killer app #3: Beaming clean power to Earth Solving Earth's data demand won't solve all of humanity's computing problems, however. A report last year by the Semiconductor Industry Association and Semiconductor Research Corporation concluded that, by 2040, computers will use up all of the available energy on the planet. Humanity therefore needs to look beyond Earth for a sustainable energy source. In 2012, John Mankins received funding from the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts program to develop his idea for an orbiting array of thin, movable mirrors that would beam solar power to Earth. Mankins — a former scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and now the president of Artemis Innovation Management Solutions in Santa Maria, California — proposed that the array's components be manufactured on Earth and then launched into space. But that could cost trillions up front, making it difficult for the project to attract investors, Metzger said. Manufacturing the system in space could be the most economical approach, he added. "If we do the first killer app, propellant mining, then that leads into the second killer app, which is making large antennas in space," said Metzger. "We will reach the point that we can build these space based-solar-power systems without having to launch everything." By that point, the space-based economic engine will be humming along. People will then be able to diversify, he said. More infrastructure and more industries would then be able to move into space, making it less necessary to launch supplies into orbit, Metzger said. "Eventually, you get a complete supply chain," he said. And the more industry there is in space, he said, the easier it will be to build spacecraft to colonize Mars. "I'm very optimistic about this," Metzger said. You can follow Tracy Staedter at her website tracystaedter.com and @tracy_staedter. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Asteroid Mining Gallery: Planetary Resources to Mine Space Rocks Incredible Technology - Space Travel and Exploration SpaceX to Mars: Awe-Inspiring Video Shows Vision for Red Planet Exploration Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Arianespace: Satellite Launch Company Dwight Schrute To Revive Classic Star Trek Villain for Discovery 'Planet Nine' Video Among Winners of Science Visualization Awards Why Is Hydrogen the Most Common Element in the Universe? Rossby Waves On Sun Too - Could Improve Space Weather Forecasting | Video HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment HBOS fraud: Amid fresh media claims, why it's too early for the curtain to fall on this scandal Lloyds, HBOS's owner, has dismissed a report in the Sunday Times about its handling of the affair, and says it is focussed on compensating victims James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 3 April 2017 13:12 BST Click to follow The Independent Online David Mills, centre, and his colleague Michael Bancroft, left, Lynden Scourfield, right Thames Valley Police Lloyds was quick to respond to the Sunday Times' report that senior managers attempted to cover up the by now infamous £245m fraud at HBOS that saw ex employee Lynden Scourfield and five others jailed.  “This document was written by an ex-employee,” the bank, which rescued HBOS during the financial crisis, said of the source material. “It is not a police report nor was it requested or sanctioned by the Group. The document contains many unsubstantiated allegations about individuals, auditors, regulators, as well as HBOS, the majority of which are made without any supporting evidence.” Lloyds went on to note that it shared the document with police in 2014, and included in its statement the usual line about how important it was for the bank to keep schtum until the criminal process was exhausted.  Read more Lloyds apologises for distress caused by corrupt bankers in loan scam MPs urge Lloyds to compensate customers scammed by HBOS bankers HBOS fraud: It's time to tax audits to fund fraud cops It seemed to do the trick. On a quiet day for the banking sector on the stock market, Lloyds was the leader of the pack when compared with Barclays, RBS, and HSBC. Its shares were fractionally ahead (theirs all fell) in morning trading, not least because of separate reports about the tax payer's stake in the bank dipping below 2 per cent. The end is in sight for its time as a state backed entity. What’s the small matter of a £245m fraud when set against that monumental achievement? That might have been the markets’ view, but the public’s view will probably be rather different, and it should be.  Regardless of whether you choose to believe the Sunday Times and its sources, or Lloyds, questions linger over the bank’s handling of the affair.  In its statement Lloyds said its focus is on compensating those affected by the criminals' actions, which led to some businesses going to the wall. It pointed to the review it recently set up to that end.  However, some of the victims of the fraudsters have long criticised Lloyds for dragging its feet and for failing to keep them properly informed.  Thames Valley Police & Crime Commissioner Anthony Stansfield has also expressed his unhappiness over some of the issues raised by the case, and the £7m cost of investigating it borne by householders in his region.  “A fraud of this size could have taken place either displays complicity or incompetence, a lack of corporate governance, complacency, and an absence of proper safeguards,” he said at the successful conclusion. Just so.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters It would clearly be in Lloyds’ interest to make this go away. If the review is completed quickly, and the bank opts to be generous to those hurt by the scandal, perhaps it might. And then everyone could focus on what a moneymaking machine it has become with the state (all but) out of the picture.  That’s not good enough. Too many issues were raised by the fraud and its aftermath, during which time the bank was a stated backed entity, for the curtain to be allowed to fall on this affair. Too many questions have yet to be answered.  The inquiry into compensating victims should not be allowed to be seen as the end of the matter. It should be just the start. Would someone kindly pick up the reins? More about: HBOS Lloyds Banking Group fraud Thames Valley Police Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Franco Manca: UK pizza chain to open restaurant in Italy New location on the island of Salina, north of Sicily, will train up Italian pizza-makers with the aim of bringing them to work at branches in the UK Ben Chapman Monday 3 April 2017 18:21 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Company says it already has strong links with Italy, buying its wine and capers from the country Franco Manca/Instagram British sourdough pizza chain Franco Manca has announced an ambitious plan to open a restaurant in Italy. The company, which was founded by Italian-born Giuseppe Mascoli in 2008, said on Monday it will begin selling its offerings in the home of pizza for six months of the year, starting in 2017. David Page, chairman of The Fulham Shore, which owns Franco Manca said Mr Mascoli came up with the idea. Read more Franco Pepe's recipe for the perfect pizza margherita from scratch He plans to use the new restaurant on the island of Salina, north of Sicily, to train up expert Italian pizza-makers with the aim of bringing them to work at branches in the UK. “We already have very strong links with the country,” Mr Page said. “We buy our capers there, we buy our wine there, our tables are made there.”  The new restaurant will be operated as a franchise and Franco Manca will invest around £100,000 alongside local and international investors, The Fulham Shore said in a trading update on Monday. Since first opening in Brixton, South London, nine years ago, Franco Manca has expanded rapidly and now has 33 restaurants, mostly in London. It recently opened new branches in Brighton, Southampton and Guildford and plans to open more outside the capital in the next 12 months. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Mr Page, who made his fortune backing Pizza Express and Gourmet Burger Kitchen among other restaurants, said Franco Manca’s expansion will not be at the expense of quality.  Each restaurant makes its own dough fresh on-site and high levels of service are maintained in part because 95 per cent of staff own shares in the company, he said. Mr Mascoli, sold the business for £27.5m and now owns 5 per cent of The Fulham Shore. More about: Franco Manca Italy Pizza Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Swing Things: 7 Tech Tools to Improve Your Golf Game subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Hollywood should listen to Twitter once in a while, before some audiences ghost them entirely wrd.cm/2n5WEQu Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Tim Newcomb. Tim Newcomb Gear Date of Publication: 04.03.17. 04.03.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Swing Things: 7 Tech Tools to Improve Your Golf Game The world of golf has evolved far beyond the $1.50 pimento cheese sandwich still served at the Masters Tournament year after year. These days, you can learn to swing like a pro with hyper-realistic golf simulators. Reading the greens has shifted to the wrist. Even Boeing’s in the game, contributing research on aerodynamics to create clubs now laced with titanium bars. The growing technological influx represents a changing golf world—pimento cheese sandwich not included. 01 Callaway Epic Driver Want to increase ball speed? Use clubs designed by physicists. The latest Epic Driver from Callaway Golf was designed using research from Boeing and a physics concept called “energy lensing” to redirect the brunt of the impact on the face of the club. Callaway claims the new shape offers 21 yards of shot-shape correction, creating a straighter and more accurate club path. Ultra-light three-gram titanium bars behind the clubface also reduce how much the crown and sole of the club deflect. As a result, the face can take on more impact than before, making for faster ball speed and more distance off the tee. Credit: Callaway Want to increase ball speed? Use clubs designed by physicists. The latest Epic Driver from Callaway Golf was designed using research from Boeing and a physics concept called “energy lensing” to redirect the brunt of the impact on the face of the club. Callaway claims the new shape offers 21 yards of shot-shape correction, creating a straighter and more accurate club path. Ultra-light three-gram titanium bars behind the clubface also reduce how much the crown and sole of the club deflect. As a result, the face can take on more impact than before, making for faster ball speed and more distance off the tee. 02 TaylorMade TP5 Ball The standard golf ball has two, three, maybe four layers. But now, enter the five-layer golf ball. Eric Loper, TaylorMade’s golf ball research and development director, says the new TP5 and TP5x balls are the result of over a decade of experimentation to find exactly the right thickness, rebound, and stiffness to each layer. Using an intricate radar-tracking system to understand launch and trajectory characteristics during the R&D, TaylorMade tracked the coefficient of drag, lift, and spin rate from take-off to landing in real time to inform the design of the ball. The resulting combinations of materials makes for a ball that’s high-tech, fast, and resilient. Credit: TaylorMade The standard golf ball has two, three, maybe four layers. But now, enter the five-layer golf ball. Eric Loper, TaylorMade’s golf ball research and development director, says the new TP5 and TP5x balls are the result of over a decade of experimentation to find exactly the right thickness, rebound, and stiffness to each layer. Using an intricate radar-tracking system to understand launch and trajectory characteristics during the R&D, TaylorMade tracked the coefficient of drag, lift, and spin rate from take-off to landing in real time to inform the design of the ball. The resulting combinations of materials makes for a ball that’s high-tech, fast, and resilient. 03 Garmin X40 Garmin, the go-to for tracking movement on cyclists, runners, and swimmers, now brings its technology to golfers. Its X40 golf watch combines standard activity tracking (like step counting and heart rate monitoring) with metrics for 40,000 courses worldwide. Turn on “green view” to see the layout of the green or a specific hole. The GPS provides precise distances to the front, middle, and back of the greens, plus course hazards. The X40, priced at $350, also comes with built-in swing tracking to measure shot distance for post-round analysis. Credit: Garmin Garmin, the go-to for tracking movement on cyclists, runners, and swimmers, now brings its technology to golfers. Its X40 golf watch combines standard activity tracking (like step counting and heart rate monitoring) with metrics for 40,000 courses worldwide. Turn on “green view” to see the layout of the green or a specific hole. The GPS provides precise distances to the front, middle, and back of the greens, plus course hazards. The X40, priced at $350, also comes with built-in swing tracking to measure shot distance for post-round analysis. 04 Full Swing Golf Not everyone can make it to the Masters. No matter. You can play the best courses across the world from home with Full Swing Golf. The golf simulator has become even more realistic by pairing high-speed cameras with infrared light waves to measure things like spin rates and rotations even before the ball hits the screen. Older simulators spent time calculating where your ball would land; this one transfers immediately from the ball hitting the screen to virtual flight on the screen. Credit: Full Swing Golf Not everyone can make it to the Masters. No matter. You can play the best courses across the world from home with Full Swing Golf. The golf simulator has become even more realistic by pairing high-speed cameras with infrared light waves to measure things like spin rates and rotations even before the ball hits the screen. Older simulators spent time calculating where your ball would land; this one transfers immediately from the ball hitting the screen to virtual flight on the screen. 05 Zepp 2 Golfers can easily drop $25,000 on high-end motion-capture systems, but Zepp 2 offers a simple, tech-forward option for just $150. The training technology uses sensors attached to your glove to track club speed, club plane, tempo, and backswing length with real-time analysis and evaluation. Working wirelessly via Bluetooth, Zepp’s 3-D swing analysis operates for practice sessions on the range or during rounds on the course to give visual updates on your mobile device. Want to swing like a professional? Zepp also has a library of professional players and their swings, so you can see how your metrics stack up to the pros. Credit: Zepp Golfers can easily drop $25,000 on high-end motion-capture systems, but Zepp 2 offers a simple, tech-forward option for just $150. The training technology uses sensors attached to your glove to track club speed, club plane, tempo, and backswing length with real-time analysis and evaluation. Working wirelessly via Bluetooth, Zepp’s 3-D swing analysis operates for practice sessions on the range or during rounds on the course to give visual updates on your mobile device. Want to swing like a professional? Zepp also has a library of professional players and their swings, so you can see how your metrics stack up to the pros. 06 Bushnell Pro X2 Rangefinder To find the distance to a point on the green, you can’t do much better than Bushnell’s laser rangefinder. During tournament play, golfers can use the laser to lock in on a flagstick over 450 yards away. When not in a tournament, toggle into slope-switch mode and the device will compensate distances based on the topography of the course. With an updated processing speed—the company claims it has increased distance reading five times faster than ever before—the yardage provides accuracy within half a yard up to 125 yards away. Credit: Bushnell To find the distance to a point on the green, you can’t do much better than Bushnell’s laser rangefinder. During tournament play, golfers can use the laser to lock in on a flagstick over 450 yards away. When not in a tournament, toggle into slope-switch mode and the device will compensate distances based on the topography of the course. With an updated processing speed—the company claims it has increased distance reading five times faster than ever before—the yardage provides accuracy within half a yard up to 125 yards away. 07 IBM's New App Technology has changed how golfers play on the course—but it’s also changing how we watch golfers play. IBM has continued to build one of the most robust digital experiences in the game, highlighted every year with its mobile app in partnership with Augusta National Golf Club, home of the Masters. This year, IBM expanded that technology to Apple TV and will stream 4K video for the first time using the app. Its Track 3.0 feature gives fans the ability to follow video action based on holes, groupings, or players, bringing video of every shot. Now, you can experience the Masters from nearly anywhere. Credit: IBM Technology has changed how golfers play on the course—but it’s also changing how we watch golfers play. IBM has continued to build one of the most robust digital experiences in the game, highlighted every year with its mobile app in partnership with Augusta National Golf Club, home of the Masters. This year, IBM expanded that technology to Apple TV and will stream 4K video for the first time using the app. Its Track 3.0 feature gives fans the ability to follow video action based on holes, groupings, or players, bringing video of every shot. Now, you can experience the Masters from nearly anywhere. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. golf Sports Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear Apple Apple’s Making Its Own GPU to Control Its Own Destiny Brian Barrett gear March’s Best Stuff: Flagship Phones, Dope Wireless Speakers Wired Staff podcast How to Film at 40 Below Without Killing Your Camera—or Yourself product review Review: Earin M-1 Wireless Earbuds Christopher Null media Inside Cheddar, the Would-Be CNBC of the Internet David Pierce Typography Google’s New Font Honors Ancient Type Traditions Margaret Rhodes We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Hollywood should listen to Twitter once in a while, before some audiences ghost them entirely wrd.cm/2n5WEQu Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Hollywood should listen to Twitter once in a while, before some audiences ghost them entirely wrd.cm/2n5WEQu Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List N03 Tanjung Datu By-Election BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who WORLD › NEWS Fierce Competition From Gulf Carriers Reduces The Pie Size For Lufthansa-cargo, Others By Manik Mehta FRANKFURT, April 3 (Bernama) -- Fierce competition from a number of Gulf carriers such as Emirates SkyCargo and Qatar Airways Cargo, has hit many competing international carriers and reduced the overall size of the pie for players such as Lufthansa-Cargo (LHC) and United Airlines. The main grouse of European and American cargo airlines against the Gulf carriers is that the latter derive an unfair advantage through the huge subsidies they allegedly receive from their respective governments. "They (Gulf carriers) enjoy an unfair advantage over others who have to compete, with no financial subsidy, in a market characterised by price cutting. Subsidies give the Gulf carriers a clear advantage over others," Peter Gerber, the CEO of Lufthansa-Cargo, said in an interview with Bernama on the sidelines of the cargo carrier's annual conference in Frankfurt. Gerber is not the only one to call for a level-playing field in which all the players could compete according to the principle of supply-and-demand in a market economy. Executives of other carriers, including United Airlines, Delta and others, have also voiced similar sentiments about the Gulf carriers which command the biggest share of the cargo market among themselves. With subsidies, the Gulf carriers were able to offer their products and services at prices that were below the actual costs. But Gulf carriers reject such allegations, dismissing them as "frivolous" and "unsubstantiated". Indeed, Akbar Al-Bakr, chief executive of Qatar Airways, told Bernama in Doha a year ago that his carrier had received only a one-time equity funding in the beginning and this was by no means a continuing process. Gerber said that the Gulf carriers could clear the matter by providing transparency about their costs and earnings; he also dropped hints that this matter and also traffic rights for Gulf carriers could be taken up with the European Commission in Brussels, looking at the entire situation from the perspective of the World Trade Organisation's international standards. Ironically, Lufthansa has "come closer" to Abu Dhabi based Etihad airline with which it entered into a non-equity partnership in February, initially concentrating on in-flight catering and maintenance and repairs of the craft. Gerber would not explicitly rule out a possible cooperation with Etihad in cargo traffic. Taking stock of Lufthansa-Cargo's performance in 2016, Gerber confirmed that it had sustained a loss of 50 million Euro which means the carrier had, for the first time, suffered losses for two consecutive years in both 2015 and 2016. Gerber said he was "not surprised" by the 2016 result. "The loss peaked in March (2016) which nobody had expected. We had by then already put our cost-cutting programme in place. The fourth quarter was, however, quite good," he said, adding that "the money saved is for the future". "Besides cutting costs and sharpening the competitive edge, we have a second part of our strategy: we are looking at new products. We are concentrating on new products, and also intensifying our efforts to get new customers. Developing the e-Commerce is also on the card," Gerber said. The German cargo carrier's chief executive spoke of investing in acquiring additional freighters of the B777 type - either newly manufactured aircraft from Boeing or used ones or even have them on lease basis. The bulk of Lufthansa-Cargo's freighter fleet comprises of 12 MD-11 freighters, with two additional aircraft parked and waiting to be sold; a third one is expected to join the two. The MD-11 freighter has a capacity of 90 tonne each whereas the B-777F has a capacity of 105 tonnes. LHC presently operates five 777Fs. Future acquisition of freighters will be decided upon after a careful comparison and the projected future demand, according to Gerber. Gerber also revealed that LHC's joint venture with the Tokyo-based All-Nippon Airways (ANA) was "up and running". "Our partnership with ANA is progressing well," Gerber maintained. Meanwhile, LHC has a joint venture with Hong Kong based Cathay Pacific for a one-way traffic from Hong Kong to Europe; however, Gerber added that "we are working closely to serve the other direction (Frankfurt to Hong Kong) as well". When pressed to comment when the proposed joint venture with United Airlines would be finalised, the phlegmatic chief executive merely said "very soon". While emphasising that digitalisation would be key to becoming an efficient carrier, it was crucial to developing close working ties with customers. "We will see a lot of digitalization in cargo processing and quality improvement," Gerber said. The ambitious Lufthansa Cargo Centre (LCC), once touted as the carrier's "jewel", seems to be caught in the carrier's cost-cutting efforts. "It has been suspended because of financial reasons. The reality is that growth has not been as strong as when we started with the LCC. We thought then we would need greater capacity. A final decision will be taken by the end of this year," Gerber said. Though he declined to give details of the carrier's profitable routes, Gerber was bullish about Asia, emphasising that China and other Asian countries are equally strong and promising markets. North America, by comparison was not doing well because the air-cargo market had contracted. "North America will be an interesting market but it is also becoming a challenging market," Gerber said. North America also happens to be the turf where the Gulf carriers are expanding their network. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories PSC Received 1.56 Million Applications For 25,046 Job Vacancies In 2016 No Visa Hike For Malaysians Visiting India, Says Najib Malaysia Opens Door To Indian Film Makers Other News Headlines Penang UMNO Hopes PAS Will Not Become Enemy Of BN- politic Axiata Looking At Growing Indian Tower Assets: Report- business Cheng Hoe Can Continue Coaching Kedah Until FA Cup Is Over - FAM- sports Delhi Diary: Single-Screen Cinemas Face Demise As Multiplexes Rise In India- features Bahrain's Crown Prince Meets Malaysian Defence Minister, Highlights Defence Collaboration- world Most Read News St Petersburg Explosion: Malaysian Embassy In Moscow Awaiting Report - Wisma Putra Only 40 Rohingya UNHCR Cardholders Registered For Work Under Pilot Scheme Bodies Of Three Mud Flood Victims In Kinabatangan Found Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2017 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List N03 Tanjung Datu By-Election BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who WORLD › NEWS 'Women In Aviation' General Assembly In Dubai To Boost Women's Participation KUALA LUMPUR, April 3 (Bernama) -- Eminent international women leaders from the aviation industry will converge at the second Women in Aviation General Assembly in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), on May 15 to promote higher women's participation in the Middle East's robust aviation sector. Hosted by Airport Show 2017, the General Assembly and Student Career Orientation Programme, is organised in partnership with Women in Aviation (Middle East Chapter) and will involve participation of aviation experts of international acclaim and over 200 people. The forum will help connect government and private companies, which are keen on hiring women, with aspiring professionals in the aviation sector, Airport Show 2017 said in statement today. It said that with women constituting over 60 per cent of Arab countries' science, technology, engineering and mathematics graduates (according to UNESCO), the forum is taking active measures to enhance their participation in the Middle East's robust and rapidly growing aviation sector. This sector contributes over US$157.2 billion to the gross domestic product (GDP) and generates over 2.4 million jobs. In Dubai, alone, the aviation sector is estimated to contribute 37.5 per cent to its GDP and support over 750,000 jobs by 2020. Assistant Director General-Aviation Strategies and International Affairs at General Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA), Laila Hareb, said that women in the UAE are making their mark across all sectors. She also said that the Middle East has no shortage of talent and that the event would be a perfect opportunity for the industry to tap into the talent pool and, for those aspiring to be a part of this sector, to avail of the opportunity. Meanwhile, Women in Aviation Middle East co-founder and president, Mervat Sultan, said that the region was quickly becoming the global hub for aviation and women will have a huge role to play in this growing sector. The 'Arab Women in Aviation' conference is supported by key industry stakeholders, including Sky Prime Aviation as Platinum Sponsors, Mubadala and Strata as Silver Sponsors and Boeing, Etihad Airways Engineering, Commercial Bank International, Abu Dhabi Aviation, Royal Jet, Maximus Air, MSI Aircraft Maintenance Services and Air Navigation Services of Sweden as the event's General Assembly Sponsors. The first Women in Aviation general asembly held last year was a record success with major participation from women professionals across the aviation sector such as pilots, engineers, managers and training and recruitment professionals. Airport Show 2017 is held under the patronage of Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, President of Dubai Civil Aviation Authority, Chairman of Dubai Airports, Chairman and Chief Executive of Emirates Airline and Group from May 15-17. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories PSC Received 1.56 Million Applications For 25,046 Job Vacancies In 2016 No Visa Hike For Malaysians Visiting India, Says Najib Malaysia Opens Door To Indian Film Makers Other News Headlines Penang UMNO Hopes PAS Will Not Become Enemy Of BN- politic Axiata Looking At Growing Indian Tower Assets: Report- business Cheng Hoe Can Continue Coaching Kedah Until FA Cup Is Over - FAM- sports Delhi Diary: Single-Screen Cinemas Face Demise As Multiplexes Rise In India- features Bahrain's Crown Prince Meets Malaysian Defence Minister, Highlights Defence Collaboration- world Most Read News St Petersburg Explosion: Malaysian Embassy In Moscow Awaiting Report - Wisma Putra Only 40 Rohingya UNHCR Cardholders Registered For Work Under Pilot Scheme Bodies Of Three Mud Flood Victims In Kinabatangan Found Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2017 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment FCA's credit card crackdown will have an impact on an imbalanced economy A debt fuelled spending boom has made the post Brexit economy look healthier than it really is  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 3 April 2017 11:53 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Banks will have to cut up persistent debtors cards under watchdog's plans Getty It’s time to put your money in your piggy bank and stop borrowing to buy things. Nanny is going to tell the naughty children who have been lending to you to stop, right now, before you get into real trouble. They’ll also have to help you repay what you owe. Nanny knows best.  That’s one way of looking at the Financial Conduct Authority’s proposed credit card crackdown.  Under it, banks will be told to contact persistent debtors, the people who regularly spend more on interest and charges than they do on repayments, with offers of help.  Read more PPI: Victory for bankers as FCA time bars claims FCA finds RBS ‘systematically’ mistreated small businesses FCA to investigate 'excessive' bank overdraft fees In extremis, if that help is refused, it won’t be the customer that has to cut up their cards in a tearful ceremony at Citizens Advice. It will be the bank, which might also have to look at waiving or cancelling interest and charges if borrowers can’t afford repayment plans.  That will probably go down like a lead balloon with the banking industry, whatever its public stance, and regardless of some of the voluntary measures it has agreed to.  The watchdog thinks that there are 3.3m people in persistent debt and over half (1.8m) end up paying more in interest and charges than they spend on reducing their borrowings for two consecutive periods of eighteen months. On average they pay £2.50 to their lenders for every £1 they reduce their debts by. That makes them very profitable customers.  The spending habit is clearly a hard one to break and this is one of those instances where a nanny might be necessary.  However, it won't just be the banks that will lose out through the turning off of the taps. The UK economy has also enjoyed a significant, and unjustified, boost through people habitually splurging on their credit cards. The wild abandon with which they’ve been borrowing has started to worry the Bank of England, which recently raised the alarm. Its Prudential Regulation Authority is looking into whether banks have been compromising on credit quality in the hunt for new borrowers. The PRA might be the next watchdog to bring the hammer down. Credit cards have been of particular concern, and I’d imagine there has been a degree of co-ordination between it and the FCA, whose boss Andrew Bailey is a former deputy governor of the Bank of England. You’d certainly hope so.  Regardless, an awful lot of people might have cause to be thankful to nanny in the long run. They’ll get to keep more of their money as opposed to giving it to their banks.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The wider economy will also benefit. Household debt topped 160 per cent of GDP in the run up to the financial crisis, and the number has started to rise again. Not a happy situation to be in.  Nipping the problem in the bud will, however, rob the post-Brexit economy of some of the debt driven consumer spending that has served as its favourite crutch, one that has helped to prop up growth at a time when trade and investment have been notably weak.  Long term that should be beneficial. Consumers stand to save between £3bn and £13bn as a result of the FCA's credit card crackdown (it thinks). They will (in theory) be able to spend that money in the economy rather than on their banks. But it will take many years for that benefit to filter through to the figures, and Brexiteer ministers might be wise to brace themselves for some disappointing numbers in the months ahead.  More about: FCA Debt credit cards Banks UK Economy Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 47° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs CommentaryOpinion Jared Kushner’s growing to-do list Updated April 3, 2017 5:32 AM By Alexandra Petri Reprints + - Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law, will head the White House Office of American Innovation that will oversee an effort to revamp the federal government. Photo Credit: Getty Images / Andrew Harrer / Pool advertisement | advertise on newsday THE BOTTOM LINE His portfolio expands from Mideast peace to running federal government as a business. Every day, it seems, Jared Kushner’s portfolio of responsibilities expands a little. First, it was merely to restore peace to the Middle East: “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East,” Trump told him, “nobody can.” Then he started acting like a special envoy to Mexico and China. Now he must also run government like a business? advertisement | advertise on newsday Maybe it’s not that Kushner is exceptionally competent. Maybe the goddess Hera just hates him. Don't miss outSign up for The PointCartoonDavies' latest cartoon: Senate hardballCommentSubmit your letter His tasks: Solve the following riddle: The leaks are real, but the news is fake. Learn the answer and then tell it to White House spokesman Sean Spicer before the sun sets or Spicer will be trapped in his present form and position for all eternity. Find the one pure-hearted retailer whom Ivanka Trump’s shoes will still fit. Drain the Undrainable Swamp using no tools other than current or former Goldman Sachs employees. Lull White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon into a deep sleep, waiting for all six of his eyes to close, then steal the golden key he hides in his hollow tooth. With the key, journey east of the sun, west of the moon, beyond the sea and past the house of the North Wind until you find a silver castle hanging in the air. In the castle is a golden casket guarded by a dragon with scales of ivory and bronze. Unlock the casket with the key, and put President Trump’s tax returns inside. Destroy the key in the fires of Mount Doom. Spin Trumpcare into gold. Bring President Trump a base as white as milk, an electoral map as red as blood, hair as yellow as corn and a trademark as pure as gold before the sun sets on the 100th day so that he may retain his uncanny youth, health and genes. Find the Blue Fairy. She can make the inauguration crowds real. Find a basis for Trump’s allegations of wiretapping and 3 million fraudulent voters, and pick up all the spilled lentils from the hearth before the cock crows three times. Bring Trump a ship that can fly on both land and sea (but not from Boeing). Build an un-climbable wall using no money at all. Wrestle a lion to death. Nevermind. This is a fun bonding activity for REAL Trump sons. Bring back the three-headed hound of hell and find it a good Cabinet position. Find 23 more approval points and bring them to President Trump before the clock strikes midnight. When is a Muslim ban not a Muslim ban? Resolve this paradox and whisper it into President Trump’s ear before Bannon awakens from his nap. Journey to the Land Beyond the Sea and find an investor willing to put millions into your New York property. Bring peace to the Middle East, fix the opioid epidemic, head a task force to run government like a business, translate Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s remarks into a volume detectable by the human ear and serve as Trump’s “lead adviser on relations with China, Mexico, Canada and the Middle East.” Alexandra Petri is a columnist with The Washington Post. Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Skip to content new Business Ethiopia (nBE) Menu Home Mining Construction Economy Education Energy Entertainment Environment Finance Health Hospitality Technology Trade Investment Manufacturing Mining Agribusiness Politics Oil & Gas nBE Blog Sponsored About Us Breaking News: Rwanda launches Ecosystem of Pan-African transformation Ethiopian maids continue to suffer in the Middle East Ethiopia set to improve trade logistics efficiency New Development Bank finances $1.5 billion energy projects World Bank provides $445 million loan to Ethiopia Hospitality  April 3, 2017April 3, 2017 Ethiopian launches cargo routes to Italy, Spain Posted By: newbusin Ethiopian Airlines launches two new cargo routes to Europe:  Milan, Italy and Zaragoza, Spain as of April, 2 and March 28, 2017 respectively, the Airlines said today in its statement.  Group CEO Ethiopian Airlines, Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam, remarked: “With the largest and most modern dedicated Freighter fleet and the largest Cargo Network connecting African countries with their major trading partners around the world, Ethiopian Cargo is contributing its own share in the fast and sustainable economic development of Africa. Airfreight plays critical role in international trade and especially in the carriage of high value goods, temperature controlled cargo like flower, fruits and vegetables, pharmaceuticals, life science etc… While we are on the eve of the inauguration of the first phase of our state of the art cargo terminal, addition of these cargo routes, makes our global air Cargo service even more stretched to the world with adequate ground facilities and quality services. This move will further strengthen trade and commercial ties between Africa and Europe. I wish to thank all who made these new routes possible.” Currently, Ethiopian is providing the European market with minimum weekly tonnage capacity of 2,200 from Liege (LGG), deploying modern game changing fleet, Boeing 777 Freighter. It is to be recalled that Ethiopian Cargo has won ‘African Cargo Airline of the Year’ and ‘Cargo Airline Award for Network Development’ at Brussels in February and March respectively. Ethiopian commands the lion’s share of the pan-African passenger and cargo network operating the youngest and most modern fleet to more than 90 international destinations across five continents. Ethiopian fleet includes ultra-modern and environmentally friendly aircraft such as Airbus A350, Boeing 787, Boeing 777-300ER, Boeing 777-200LR, Boeing 777-200 Freighter, Bombardier Q-400 double cabin with an average fleet age of five years. In fact, Ethiopian is the first airline in Africa to own and operate these aircraft.   Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Share on LinkedIn Share Share on Digg Share Send email Mail Print Print Post navigation WHO urges Africa to ensure strong vaccine safety systems Sage brings new payroll system to Kenya Popular Stories Rwanda launches Ecosystem of Pan-African transformation April 3, 2017 newbusin Comments Off on Rwanda launches Ecosystem of Pan-African transformation YBP to construct 17 fuel stations In Ethiopia December 25, 2009 newbusin 0 Former Nigerian president to invest in Ethiopia December 28, 2009 newbusin 0 Ethiopia’s November export declines 5 percent December 30, 2009 newbusin 0 Authority revokes 82 business licenses January 2, 2010 newbusin 0 Banking business in Ethiopia booming  January 8, 2010 newbusin 0 China, Ethiopia to boost trade to three billion USD January 12, 2010 newbusin 0 Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 April 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2013 November 2012 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 TO ADVERTISE on newBusinessEthiopia.com Call +251 91 140 7539 Copyright © 2017 new Business Ethiopia (nBE). Theme: ColorNews by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
blog news articles page Contact us Global Warming Global Warming blog Dynamic airlines BBB Business Profile | Dynamic Airways Date: 2017-04-03 07:28 More videos «Dynamic airlines» Dynamic Airways - SeatLink Dynamic Air Inc. Dynamic Air Contact Us Utilisez pour trouver des vols avec Dynamic Airways. Wego compare des centaines de sites de voyage pour vous permettre de trouver le vol parfait avec Dynamic Airways au meilleur prix. Dynamic Airways - SeatLink 8775 On behalf of Dynamic International Airways, I want to express our sincere apologies to our passengers as well as friends and families of the passengers on board flight DYA955 which experienced reported incident, 8776 stated Don Dodson Director of Operations at Dynamic International Airways. Dynamic Air Inc. At Dynamic Aviation, we know how critical it is to deliver innovative aircraft solutions that meet the complexities and challenges of your mission.  You can count on us for the precise aerial assets you need to meet your unique requirements.  Our approximately 655 aviation-related professionals are dedicated to providing you with comprehensive solutions that are both creative and cost effective. With over 695 aircraft operating from 68 locations on three continents, we deliver the specially modified aircraft, experienced flight crews, and reliable maintenance services you need to ensure that your mission takes flight. Dynamic Air Contact Us The National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team of investigators that will also include representatives from the FAA, Boeing, Dynamic and Pratt & Whitney, the engine's manufacturer. Twenty-one people were taken Broward Health Medical Center, including a 67-year-old man who suffered a head injury, officials said. None of the injuries was considered life-threatening. Dynamic Airways is a commercial jet charter service based in Greensboro, North Carolina. Each of its planes seat up to 768 passengers but there were only 656 total passengers and crew members on Flight 955 at the time of the fire. " This is surprisingly a comfortable seat. I like that the wall seat lacks an armrest and instead has a small ledge to rest your arm on. Makes the seat feel much wider, like almost like an isle seat. " Dynamic Air was founded in 6969 in St. Paul, Minnesota, USA, the location of our Corporate Headquarters. Dynamic Air Inc. and its subsidiaries in Brazil, China and England provide local manufacturing, sales, technical, and service support to customers and representatives worldwide. Dynamic Airways released a statement that said the flight had been safely diverted following an engine problem without mentioning the fire or injuries. Dynamic Airways Flight 955 was headed to Caracas, Venezuela, when it encountered an engine problem. An aircraft taxiing behind it reported fuel was leaking from the plane. The FAA said the Boeing 767 caught fire around 67:95 . EDT. «Dynamic airlines» in pictures. More images «Dynamic airlines». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Elon Musk's Tesla delivers new record of 25,000 electric vehicles in first quarter Investors got spooked after the chief executive said in February his company could get “close to the edge” as it burns cash ahead of its crucial Model 3 launch Devika Krishna Kuma Monday 3 April 2017 09:14 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Tesla chief executive Elon Musk has taken big risks repeatedly since going public in 2010 Getty Tesla, the US luxury electric car maker, said on Sunday first-quarter vehicle deliveries jumped 69 percent from a year ago to a quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles, bouncing back from delays in the previous quarter. The company said of the total vehicles delivered, about 13,450 were Model S sedan and about 11,550 were Model X sports utility vehicle. Tesla has said it expects to deliver 47,000 to 50,000 Model S and Model X vehicles combined in the first half of 2017. Read more Elon Musk to plant computers in human brains to prevent AI uprising In the fourth quarter, deliveries had fallen 9.4 per cent due to short-term production hurdles from the transition to a new autopilot hardware. Tesla had said production challenges, which started at the end of October and lasted until early December, shifted vehicle production towards the end of the fourth quarter, resulting in delayed deliveries. Read more Former Tesla executive to build €4bn battery factory to take on Musk Elon Musk lays down ambitious South Australia power network wager Elon Musk's elitist space race is for the ultra-rich only Elon Musk: Humans must become cyborgs to avoid AI domination Ultimately, about 2,750 vehicles were missed being counted as deliveries in the fourth quarter either due to last-minute delays in transport or because the customer was unable to physically take delivery. In addition to the first quarter deliveries, about 4,650 vehicles were in transit to customers at the end of the quarter and will be counted as deliveries in the second quarter, Tesla said in a statement on Sunday. Production in the first quarter also hit a quarterly record at 25,418 vehicles. Tesla chief executive Elon Musk has taken big risks repeatedly since going public in 2010, but investors got spooked after he said in February the electric car company could get “close to the edge” as it burns cash ahead of its crucial Model 3 launch. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters China's Tencent bought a 5 per cent stake in Tesla last week for $1.78 billion, providing the company with a deep-pocketed ally as it prepares to launch its mass-market Model 3. The midsize, high-volume Model 3 sedan is due to go on sale later this year in the US. Shares of Tesla closed up slightly at $278.30 on Friday on the Nasdaq and have soared more than 30 per cent so far this year. Reuters More about: Tesla Elon Musk electric cars Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Toshiba shares plunge 9.4 per cent in hours as company warns it may delay filing accounts for third time Tokyo Stock Exchange is reviewing the company’s qualifications for remaining listed Yuji Nakamura Monday 3 April 2017 09:08 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Toshiba forecast that its annual loss could more than double to a record 1.01 trillion yen (£7.3bn) Getty Toshiba shares fell as much as 9.4 per cent on Monday after the struggling electronics conglomerate signalled that it may miss another deadline to release results for the last quarter of 2016. It may be difficult to report figures by 11 April, a Toshiba executive said last week. The Tokyo-based company has already delayed earnings twice, as it sought to assess a multibillion-dollar loss at Westinghouse Electric, its US nuclear unit. Toshiba will be able to apply to the Tokyo Stock Exchange for another extension to the earnings deadline, but another delay could impact the exchange’s review of the company’s qualifications for remaining listed. Read more Toshiba shares tumble putting future of new UK nuclear plant in doubt “They’ve already delayed it twice, so delaying it a third time is a negative,” said  Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Research Institute. “What TSE is investigating now is if Toshiba’s compliance improved after their accounting scandal a few years ago. And if it turns out that inappropriate pressure at Westinghouse resulted in this earnings delay, it could indirectly impact TSE’s decision on delisting.” Westinghouse, hit by cost overruns at US nuclear projects, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy last week. Read more Toshiba shares tumble putting future of new UK nuclear plant in doubt Toshiba 'Aggressively Considering' Options for Westinghouse; Delays Q3 Earnings Toshiba shares hammered after credit rating warning Is the future of UK nuclear power in the UK in doubt? As a result, Toshiba forecast that its annual loss could more than double to a record 1.01 trillion yen (£7.3bn). To make up for the loss, the company has put its prized memory chip unit  up for sale. Toshiba’s stock, which is down about 20 percent this year, was down 5.4 per cent when trading ended in Tokyo on Monday. Toshiba has received bids of up to 2 trillion yen for its semiconductor business, an executive said on Friday. The highest bid is for the entire unit, and bidders included individual companies as well as groups, said the executive, who asked not to be identified discussing a private matter. Last week, when Westinghouse made the bankruptcy filing, it said in a statement that it obtained $800m in debtor-in-possession financing to help fund the reorganisation. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The company has agreed with owners of its AP1000 reactor developments to continue the projects during an initial assessment period, and it will continue work in China, it said. Toshiba listed as much as $10bn debt for Westinghouse and another entity. The nuclear unit filed in US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York and proposed to appoint Weil, Gotshal & Manges as legal adviser, AlixPartners as financial adviser, and PJT Partners as investment banker, subject to court approval. Bloomberg More about: toshibe Westinghouse Nuclear Power Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Though the sector has had a strong run since the election, income investors may have better options. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography Updated April 1, 2017 1:04 a.m. ET Industrial stocks have had a strong run since Donald Trump was elected, growing by about 11%. A big part of that increase came shortly after Election Day, on a wave of optimism about Trump’s pro-growth policies, especially those affecting taxes and regulations. So far this year, industrial stocks have continued to climb, albeit at a slower... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour: Who’s Right? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Amazon, Facebook Can Ride the Great Tech Boom Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Bristol-Myers May Be Hedging on IO Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Double Standard for Self-Driving Cars? 2 Barron's Bounce: CarMax in the Crusher 3 How to Cut Your Credit-Card Fees Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Trump bump: Entrepreneurs create apps, digital… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Colorado bears at risk? Colorado aid-in-dying Year of the Pansy World Cup qualifying match in Denver Cheyenne Mountain Zoo honors DEA questions Colorado AG Business Trump bump: Entrepreneurs create apps, digital features tied to president One app has 300 Trump phrases that can be turned into a ringtone. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images President Donald Trump receives a standing ovation as he addresses the Women’s Empowerment Panel in the East Room of the White House in Washington, D.C., on March 29, 2017. By The Mercury News | San Jose Mercury News April 3, 2017 at 12:01 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Americans’ right to protest is in grave danger, United Nations warns Criminal charges for man who climbed fence at Denver Zoo, touched tiger Michael Bennet won’t back filibuster of Neil Gorsuch Rubin: Now we know why Trump panicked about Russia probe A 6-year study of Colorado bears is upending assumptions about their encounters with humans Disabled, or just desperate? Rural Americans turn to disability as jobs dry up. By Queenie Wong, Mercury News Upset after Donald Trump’s presidential victory, 20-year-old Bastian Shah wanted to fight back by hitting Trump where it might hurt the most: his wallet. So he downloaded Boycott Trump, an app that compiles a list of businesses that have ties to the president and helps users contact them through e-mail, Twitter or a phone call. Shah, who now volunteers for the liberal organization that created the app, steers clear of restaurants that Trump has an ownership stake in and deleted the ride-hailing app Uber. Boycott Trump has helped him personally resist Trump and get through the day, he said. “At the end of the day Trump, I really believe, doesn’t care about anything other than his bottom line,” said Shah, who is from San Jose but attends college in New York. “If we can hurt his bottom line, that’s kind of where I’m coming at this from.” Whatever his ultimate effect on the nation, Trump’s candidacy and election have been a gold mine for Twitter, the news media and “Saturday Night Live.” They’ve also become a boon for software developers, a growing number of which have been making apps and web services to cater to both sides of the Trump divide and even those in between. So whether you consider yourself part of the resistance, are yearning to “Make America Great Again,” or are somewhere in the middle, there’s likely an app for you. The Trump app phenomenon is a function of the moment we live in, both politically and technologically, said Robert Siegel, a lecturer at Stanford’s Graduate School of Business and a partner at XSeed Capital. Advances in technology have made it easier for startups to launch new apps faster and more cost-effectively than in previous presidential administrations, he said. “Not only do we have an incredibly non-traditional new president, but we also have an opportunity for people to start new businesses with technology platforms that were previously unavailable,” he said. One such Trump-inspired app is Presidential Actions. The app, which UC Berkeley sophomore Ash Bhat and his roommate Rohan Pai put together in less than a day, alerts users every time the president signs an executive order or takes another action, providing press releases and documents from the White House’s website. It also displays a map of nearby town hall meetings held by lawmakers. Bhat had politics on his mind after Trump threatened to pull federal funding from UC Berkeley in February. Violent protests caused university officials to cancel an appearance by conservative writer Milo Yiannopoulos, prompting the president to tweet that the university doesn’t allow free speech. “One of the big things that we can do is just educate people and let them come to their own decisions,” said Bhat, whose app is used by both Democrats and Republicans. “There’s misinformation going around.” After releasing the app for the iPhone, Presidential Actions also launched an Android version that was built by Bhat’s friend Mohammad Adib. Instead of simply informing citizens, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump’s aim with its Boycott Trump app, which it launched after the mogul’s victory in November, is to help them oppose the president by pressuring his business partners. Among the companies it targets are businesses that sponsored “Celebrity Apprentice,” carry Trump’s menswear line or have executives who donated to his presidential campaign. “It was almost therapeutic because there was a lot of people who felt powerless at the time,” said Nathan Lerner, the coalition’s executive director. “You do have a voice every single day with your purchasing power.” Related Articles April 2, 2017 Should you jump into the stock market now? April 2, 2017 Funds in the first quarter: Foreign markets were first March 31, 2017 Colorado shares get extra bump from Trump March 28, 2017 Great economic expectations are the bull market’s next test March 27, 2017 “Fearless Girl” statue opposite bull stays through February Other Trump apps take themselves and the president a lot less seriously, choosing to take on the president by poking fun at him. Donald Trump Soundboard allows users to create ringtones from Trump phrases. With Fake Call Donald Trump and other apps, users can prank their friends with a call that looks and sounds like it’s coming from the president. In the Trump Dump game, users can even turn Trump into a pile of poop. But while many app developers are catering to Trump opponents, others are targeting the president’s fans. TrumpSingles.com, which was created by Santa Clarita Republican David Goss, vows to make dating great again. Goss launched the dating site after hearing stories about the backlash Trump supporters got when politics came up during a date. “As soon as someone mentioned they were a Trump supporter, the date went sour,” he said. Trump fans who connected over the site have grabbed dinner together or gone out on dates at a shooting range, Goss said. The site, which launched in May 2016, saw its number of users grow to about 38,000 after Trump’s presidential win. TrumpSingles.com even captured the attention of comedian Seth Meyers, who parodied the site on his late night show this month. Some analysts worry that, as fun as they may be, apps that pick a side in the political debate ultimately won’t be good for us or society as a whole because they could deepen our political biases. “We are in an incredibly polarized country,” Stanford lecturer Siegel said. “The echo chamber continues to be reinforced even after the election.” But not all app makers that are trying to cash in on Trump are focusing on politics. The people behind Trigger Finance think there’s money to be made in a more traditional way — in the markets. Trigger’s service allows investors to create rules that take certain finance-related actions based on public information. For example, an investor can ask the service to buy shares of a particular index fund if the Federal Reserve changes its interest rates. After seeing the stock prices of companies like Toyota, Lockheed Martin and Boeing take a hit from being targeted by Trump on Twitter, Trigger’s users urged the company to give them the ability to create alerts for whenever the president tweets about a publicly traded stock they own. Trigger released the feature in January, and it’s since become the service’s most popular feature, said Rachel Mayer, the company’s co-founder and CEO. “He’s sort of dialed down on the tweeting, but I don’t anticipate that to stop throughout the course of the year,” she said. “There’s always going to be a new industry he’ll target later on.” Trump apps, features and services at glance Presidential Actions: App that alerts users every time Trump signs an executive order or takes another action, providing press releases and documents from the White House’s website. It also displays a map of nearby town hall meetings held by lawmakers. TrumpSingles.com: Dating site aimed at Trump fans that costs $19.99 per month. Boycott Trump: App lists businesses that have ties to Trump and explains why users should boycott them. Trigger: Finance app that can be set to alert users when Trump tweets about a company whose stock they own. Trump Dump: Mobile game in which users can dump poop on Trump after guiding a bird through a gap in a brick wall. Donald Draws Executive Doodles: App that lets users create Trump executive order memes. Donald Trump Soundboard: App that contains more than 300 Trump phrases that can be turned into a ringtone or notification sound.   Tags:  smartphones stock market The Mercury News Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Charter won’t have to compete with other cable companies now April 04, 2017, 12:36 am Federal regulators are letting Charter out of a requirement that would have forced it to compete with other broadband providers and possibly cut prices. UPS adds Saturday delivery as e-commerce fuels demand April 04, 2017, 12:30 am United Parcel Service Inc. will add Saturday ground deliveries, making one of the biggest shipping-time changes in its 109-year history in response to rising demand from online shoppers. STEM job openings outnumber available workers April 03, 2017, 6:27 pm The Trump administration is moving to restrict H-1B work visas for foreign technology workers on grounds those jobs should go to U.S. workers. But a study released Monday shows many states, including Colorado, struggle with severe shortages of skilled workers. Historic Denver Rock Drill buildings to be incorporated into $250M mixed-use project in Cole April 03, 2017, 6:05 pm A $250 million mixed-use project could rise at 39th Avenue and Franklin Street in Denver’s Cole neighborhood, as the frenzy of industrial redevelopment activity around the booming River North Art District and its nearly year-old commuter rail station continues to push further east. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 04 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Abu Dhabi urges professionals to use park-and-ride facilities Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk Second phase of Heart of Sharjah project on schedule Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Unveiled: Expo 2020 Dubai's design for central hub Second phase of Heart of Sharjah project on schedule GCC polymer industry expected to grow at 3% by 2022: Report Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Oil prices edge lower as rebound in Libyan production weighs Qatar makes strategic investments abroad Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk Qatar QIIB gets nod to issue $700mln sukuk Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk UAE's Mashreq's Iossifidis to become CEO of Noor Bank Abu Dhabi 's TAQA considering formosa bond, sukuk In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar in Abu Dhabi Would you fly on a plane that uses recycled parts? Huawei introduces Honor 8 Lite Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi raises fighter pilots' pay by up to 60% Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Services sector to lead FDI flows across the world Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Qatar makes strategic investments abroad Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Saudi raises fighter pilots' pay by up to 60% U.S. top court to weigh Jordan-based Arab Bank's liability for militant attacks Syrian crisis leaves Lebanon at breaking point Syria talks in Geneva fail again Jordan's King orders projects in Tafileh to empower community Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Egypt seeks more investment from UAE, GCC Dubai, Egypt outperform, Abu Dhabi's TAQA surges again Egypt a major investment destination US growth robust despite delays to fiscal stimulus Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general Iraq, Russia's Lukoil's trading arm to form marketing venture Death around corner for civilians living on Mosul's frontline Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gulf shares may have soft tone as oil, global shares move little Qatar QIIB gets nod to issue $700mln sukuk Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Gulf shares may have soft tone as oil, global shares move little Dubai, Egypt outperform, Abu Dhabi's TAQA surges again Good news for Saudi Aramco IPO as tax rate is cut DFM achieves 100% compliance in annual results disclosure Dollar wobbles but holds above 4-month lows Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Dollar near flat after Fed's Dudley, U.S. data deflate rise Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Oil prices edge lower as rebound in Libyan production weighs Kuwait to import fuel oil in 2018 after Clean Fuel project start-up Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Escorts in Saudi cannot travel without the passport holder Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Abu Dhabi urges professionals to use park-and-ride facilities Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Kuwait MP: Stop giving driving licences to expats Women prone to distractions while at the wheel Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Sharjah groceries have a deadline to meet new regulations Amazon’s buy means malls must adapt Escorts in Saudi cannot travel without the passport holder Bahrain's high court reduces sentence of top opposition leader Bahrain unveils new investment limited partnership law High demand for private tuition in Qatar despite curbs Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli Saudi universities may open doors for foreign students IPL: The one-franchise men of the league CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Child-friendly ambulance in Dubai designed to keep children happy Grandmothers can help spot autism earlier Dubai to create long-term Autism support network Dubai adopts e-Dirham system as means to pay for govt health services CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits High demand for private tuition in Qatar despite curbs Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans INTERVIEW- Middle Eastern art sees rise in interest from international investors: auctioneer Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits Sharjah gears up for 42nd Middle East Watch and Jewellery Show Korean Film Festival coming to UAE cinemas Saudi records 143,000 visitors in 4 days at heritage festival One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia Endangered Sea Turtles return home to Saadiyat Island for nesting Pillow fighters battle it out in Hong Kong Tupac Shakur bigger in death than life Unite with Tomorrowland coming to Dubai Zac Efron charms Dubai New York Post apologizes after app apparently hacked IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli IPL: The one-franchise men of the league In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Purebred Arabian Paddys Day wins first for Espinoza Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Aircraft maintenance and cabin crew training to be focus at Gulf Aviation Training Event 03 April, 2017 Conference and Pavilion within the Dubai Airshow Returns for 2017 03 April 2017 The Gulf Aviation Training Event (GATE) will return for its fourth instalment during the Dubai Airshow 2017 in November this year at DWC, Dubai Airshow Site. The one day programme, taking place on Monday, 13 November, will focus this year on maintenance and crew training, in addition to pilot training. The conference programme will include high-level presentations and discussions on topics such as how the Middle East is keeping ahead of the curve with airline training developments; what is else is needed to move with the speed of technology in training and evidence based training principles. In addition, there will be presentations from the event  headline sponsor CAE entitled ‘How to Train A Better Pilot’ and sponsor The University of South Wales on ‘Aviation Schools, Instructors and Certification Standards’; plus some of the airlines already committed to speak include Air Arabia and Etihad Airways. Boeing’s Current Market Outlook (CMO) 2014 – 2033 predicts the Middle East will need 62,000 new skilled maintenance personnel and 55,000 new pilots to staff the region’s airlines between now and 2033. Advertisement “GATE has seen an increase in interest from both conference delegates and exhibitors since its inception,” says Michele van Akelijen, Managing Director of organisers F&E Aerospace. “Looking at the predicted demand for future staff, it is imperative that the industry begins to address this now, and GATE provides the ideal platform for them to do so within the centre of the aerospace industry.” As in previous years, GATE will also include a dedicated pavilion within the Dubai Airshow providing exclusive exhibition space to showcase companies providing flight training products and services for the five days of the show. GATE is held under the Patronage of H.H. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum President of Dubai Civil Aviation Authority, Chairman of Dubai Airports, Chairman and CEO of Emirates. For more information or to book your space, please contact event@gate.aero or visit the website. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Faithful+Gould Appoints New UAE Country Director Paul has been with Faithful+Gould for 18 years, performing a number of roles including head of project management and building surveying for its Midland region in the UK ; national business development lead for the 2 hours ago Sheraton Grand Doha expands its talented team of chefs 20 hours ago CBI appoints new Board Members at Annual General Meeting The AGM, convened under the chairmanship of Mr. Mohamed Sultan Al Qadi, reviewed and approved the Directors’ Report, Auditor’s Report and the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2016. 20 hours ago Rafiah Ibrahim named president and head of market area Middle East and Africa for Ericsson 20 hours ago New cluster director of marketing & communications for Rixos Hotels in UAE 21 hours ago UAE's Restrata safety and security consultancy appoints new Managing Director 22 hours ago Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses News provided by Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Related Links http://www.toraytca.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses News provided by Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
current community chat English Language & Usage English Language & Usage Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us English Language & Usage Questions Tags Users Badges Unanswered Ask Question _ English Language & Usage Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for linguists, etymologists, and serious English language enthusiasts. Join them; it only takes a minute: Sign up Here's how it works: Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Meaning of “to pivot to do something” up vote 6 down vote favorite I found the use of the verb pivot in a context I can't quite understand: We will now pivot the company's effort to date and focus on becoming a comprehensive provider of ... What is the meaning of the verb pivot in this context? meaning expressions meaning-in-context share|improve this question edited Jul 17 '12 at 15:55 Daniel 43.9k46199323 asked Jul 17 '12 at 15:20 719016 1,554205380      Bear in mind that the phrase here is actually "pivot ... and focus on ...", not "pivot to ...". The phrase "to date" in this sentence means "until this moment," and is attached to "the company's effort." – StriplingWarrior Jul 17 '12 at 18:19 add a comment |  5 Answers 5 active oldest votes up vote 3 down vote accepted One specific connotation of the term "pivot" in this sense is that it is not just a "change of direction", but a "sudden, rapid change of direction and focus". Generally it implies that the company is essentially abandoning its previous efforts in order to make a concerted effort towards a new goal. Lessons may be learned from the old project, and parts may be salvaged and repurposed; but the original plan has been cast aside and everyone is working toward a new end. share|improve this answer answered Jul 18 '12 at 3:38 Hellion 44.1k986162      I think this goes in line with what the article later mentions: that the company that was acquired was used for their new expertise. – 719016 Jul 18 '12 at 8:10 add a comment |  up vote 6 down vote Steve Blank stated that Eric Ries chose the term "pivot" for the phase of a startup company that decides to change their goal: I want to introduce the concept of the pivot, the idea that successful startups change directions but stay grounded in what they've learned. They keep one foot in the past and place one foot in a new possible future. Source: Eric Ries' original post about the pivot share|improve this answer answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:36 Adam V 16126 1   +1. I like that this emphasizes that pivoting is not just changing directions: it specifically implies that one foot stays stationary. In basketball, someone cannot move across the court without dribbling, but they can pivot all they like. – StriplingWarrior Jul 17 '12 at 18:15 add a comment |  up vote 4 down vote To pivot means to turn. So the company in your example will now turn all its previous efforts, and work toward something else. This doesn't mean that the previous efforts were wasted or even misdirected—it simply means that the company has decided that a change in direction would be more fruitful than staying on the same course. Imagine a path with a bend in it. When you get to the corner, you pivot in order to keep walking on the path. If you stayed on the same course, you would get nowhere. Note that the walking you did before you pivoted was just as important as the walking afterward. share|improve this answer edited Jul 17 '12 at 17:46 answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:26 Daniel 43.9k46199323 1   I'd say turn rather than turn around, the latter being more indicative of about-face than is either turn or pivot. – jwpat7 Jul 17 '12 at 17:44 add a comment |  up vote 2 down vote The word pivot here is being used in the sense of (appreciable) "turn" albeit gently :) A fine example of corporate-speak, the sentence can be interpreted as the following: We (I) screwed up. But we are going to try to scavenge something from this mess by focussing on this other related thing. share|improve this answer answered Jul 17 '12 at 15:39 coleopterist 25.2k1682172 1   It doesn't have to be a "screwup" per se; it can simply be that a company thought they'd be able to make a business out of fixing problem A; they talked to enough customers to realize no one would pay enough to solve A, but they got enough requests to fix problem B that they "pivot" to work on B instead. – Adam V Jul 17 '12 at 15:45 add a comment |  up vote 1 down vote In business terms, a pivot means to modify the business model slightly. A pivot is a fundamental insight of the Lean Startup. It says on day one, all you have in your new venture is a series of untested hypothesis. Therefore you need to get outside of your building and rapidly test all your assumptions. The odds are that one or more of your hypotheses will be wrong. When you you discovery your error, rather than firing executives and/or creating a crisis, you simply change the hypotheses. What was lacking in the article was a clear definition of a Pivot. A Pivot is not just changing the product. A pivot can change any of nine different things in your business model. A pivot may mean you changed your customer segment, your channel, revenue model/pricing, resources, activities, costs, partners, customer acquisition – lots of other things than just the product. Definition: “A pivot is a substantive change to one or more of the 9 business model canvas components.” Source For example, a pivot can be changing the company's main revenue stream from advertising to subscriptions. Or it could mean changing the target market from youths to elderly people. It can also be a change involving costs and resources, such as changing a major partner from Boeing to Airbus, or moving the engineering center to India. Pivots are common in small startups, which have an uncertain business model. The meaning is derived from rapid experimentation and changes, sometimes trying out several different business models a week. However, larger corporations may rarely choose to pivot if a business climate changes. Unlike the non-business meaning of pivot, pivots for corporations may not be sudden. share|improve this answer answered yesterday Muz 20916 add a comment |  Your Answer   draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Post as a guest Name Email Post as a guest Name Email discard By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning expressions meaning-in-context or ask your own question. asked 4 years ago viewed 9450 times active yesterday Get the weekly newsletter! In it, you'll get: The week's top questions and answers Important community announcements Questions that need answers see an example newsletter By subscribing, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. 7 votes · comment · stats Linked 3 What is the figurative meaning of “pivot towards”? Related 4What does “to bleed something” mean? 1What is the meaning of ‘something blind’? 4Meaning of the phrase “take a pass on yelling uncle” 1What is the connotation or meaning of “exclusive thinking”? 4What is the meaning of the phrase “cut five sides in [something]”? 3What does “to have something to them” mean? 0To be sound in doing something? 0What does “delinquent” mean in this context? 1Meaning of 'get down with' something? 3What is the figurative meaning of “pivot towards”? Hot Network Questions Potential hijacked SSH session & SSH best practices What is the benefit of fever during infections? If »Geld« is neuter, then why not »genuges Geld«? Standard Volt and Ampere When shouldn't I use 「〜さん」when referring to a third person? Reciprocal of a number (1/x) Integer-Digits of the Arithmetic-Tables Can a military pilot make his airplane invisible for the ATCs? Is there GUI software that can show how much bandwidth a user on my home network is using? How can I deal with a coworker who doesn't particularly care about code quality? How can I prevent football/soccer net theft? Robbers - square times square root Was Pac-man originally named "Puck-man"? Intuition behind this interesting calculus result? How to account for startup costs for an LLC from personal money? Does Legendary Resistance affect Power Word Kill or not, since it has no saving throw? How do I impress my prospective grad advisor? (first meeting) Why was the Black Pearl so special? How can waiting 24 hours to change the password again be secure? Is making a key image public equal to giving the monero in that output away? Issuing authority of passport is only written in Cyrillic script. How to fill it into a Schengen visa application? Checking if a string parameter contains only digits How does 0 have two values in one's complement? How are fat pointers a good protection? more hot questions question feed about us tour help blog chat data legal privacy policy work here advertising info mobile contact us feedback Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine® Answers Cryptography Code Review Magento Signal Processing Raspberry Pi Programming Puzzles & Code Golf more (7) Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia more (8) English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair more (17) MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy more (3) Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps Area 51 Stack Overflow Talent site design / logo © 2017 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required rev 2017.4.4.25594 English Language & Usage Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Automotive, Chemical, Restructuring/Recapitalizations, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oji Fibre Solutions unveils $30M investment in Penrose plant Next PostNext Bicycle Sharing Market – Global Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Anti-Corruption Specialist Rebecca Li Joins Berkeley Research Group in Hong Kong Menarini-Silicon Biosystems completa l’acquisizione delle attività di CELLSEARCH® ProfNet Experts Available on Financial Literacy, Internet Privacy, More Global Car Rental Industry Guide 2017 – Consumer Trends, Market Growth and Market Future to 2021 Global Health Care Equipment & Supplies Industry Guide 2017 – Market Size, Historical Growth, Market Future and Key Company Analysis Report Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Toray Announces Consolidation of its North American Composite Materials Businesses By Published: Apr 3, 2017 12:00 a.m. ET Share TACOMA, Wash., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Toray Industries, Inc. (headquarters: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President: Akihiro Nikkaku) announces the consolidation of its North American Carbon Fiber Composite Materials Businesses.  Toray Composites (America), Inc. [TCA], located in Tacoma, Washington, and Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc.[CFA], located in Decatur, Alabama have been consolidated into a single business entity – Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. [CMA].   "This consolidation enables us to better integrate, better innovate, and better meet the demands of our customers," said Moriyuki Onishi, President and CEO of the newly formed CMA.  "Our partners in the Aerospace, Automotive and Industrial markets demand ever increasing efficiency and a simplified relationship," said Onishi. This consolidation will also include creation of Commercial Business Sectors – with Aerospace led by Tim Kirk, Vice President of Aerospace Sales and the Industrial Market led by Buster Tipton, Vice President of Industrial Sales.  These commercial business sectors will align Toray capability across product lines to increase customer value, shorten time to market, and strengthen critical relationships.   CMA's Tacoma plant was first established in 1992 as TCA – incorporating in Pierce County and adjacent to Boeing's Composite Manufacturing Center [CMC] – to enable an efficient supply stream of Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials. First used on the Boeing 777, Toray's Carbon Fiber Composite Materials are now incorporated into the 777 and 787 primary structure and will be used on the new 777X wing. CMA's Tacoma plant supplies a diverse customer base both domestically and internationally and is a major exporter from Washington State. CMA's Decatur plant was first established in 1997 as CFA – incorporating in Morgan County.  The Decatur area has been known for its history in the chemical industries and offers attractive conditions for carbon fiber production.  CMA Decatur operates lines from precursor to carbon fiber and has a diverse base of customers in aerospace,  industrial, and automotive. It manufactures Standard Modulus [SM], Intermediate Modulus [IM] and Intermediate Modulus (+) [IM+] fibers for a global customer base.   CMA's Spartanburg plant, will be an integrated facility to produce precursor, carbon fiber and prepreg in a single manufacturing facility.  This plant is a cornerstone of Toray's growth in North America and provides critical supply chain redundancy and diversification.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toray-announces-consolidation-of-its-north-american-composite-materials-businesses-300432830.html SOURCE Toray Composite Materials America, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Aerospace and defense Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Business â Aerospace and defense As military base cuts loom, aerospace leaders prepare to defend El Segundo’s Air Force installment Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo, California March 31, 2017. Chuck Bennett/Staff Photographer By Sandy Mazza, Daily Breeze Posted: 04/02/17, 4:54 PM PDT | Updated: 9 hrs ago # Comments Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo, California March 31, 2017. Chuck Bennett/Staff Photographer Bracing for an impending round of military defense restructuring, aerospace industry leaders across Los Angeles are geared up to protect the previously threatened Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo. The unique defense outpost, a technological think tank and home of the Space and Missile Systems Center, mostly consists of offices that resemble its neighboring aerospace industry campuses more than a military base. Without aircraft and war fighters milling about, the facility’s purpose is often lost on those who pass by. But, among other things, it controls the constellation of Global Positioning System satellites that also power civilian land, sea, and air navigation, communication, time-keeping, traffic management, mapping, rail-tracking management and, of course, cellphone technology. The base, situated at Aviation and El Segundo boulevards, is critical to the region’s economy as well as the military’s surveillance, communications and aerospace strategies, said Jim Adams, senior adviser for Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp.’s Southern California Aerospace Council. The base has more than a $1.8 billion impact on the county’s economy, mostly centered in the South Bay, according to the Air Force. “These are the rocket scientists of the Air Force, the Air Force’s smartest thinkers buying some of the most technologically advanced things,” Adams said. “If it did move, we’d lose a lot of the infrastructure in this technological gem, this brain trust. It would be a huge loss for Southern California.” Why it’s threatened The base narrowly escaped closure during a round of military Base Realignment and Closure in 2003. Another so-called BRAC round is expected within the next two years, as the Department of Defense continues to insist its infrastructure is bloated and that current levels can be chopped by at least one-fourth. “There have been proposals to relocate operations at Los Angeles Air Force Base to other regions in the U.S., such as Colorado,” said Lawren Markle, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. Markle said there is no indication the base will again make the list this time. Advertisement President Donald Trump already has said he plans to increase military spending. But, at the same time, his policies have clashed with those of California’s political leaders, and some fear potential blow-back. “We don’t know how this will play out under the new version of this review, but it would be helpful if California and Washington, D.C., were working together more constructively,” Markle said. “There is some added concern in the current political environment.” BRAC legislation introduced Rep. Adam Smith, D-Washington, recently introduced the Military Infrastructure Consolidation and Efficiency Act of 2016 to guide the impending cuts. The Pentagon has repeatedly requested a new BRAC round since 2013 to cut what it says is a 22 percent excess capacity across all branches. The Air Force has 32 percent excess capacity, according to an April 2016 defense-infrastructure analysis. In 2003, the Los Angeles base was spared closure after a group of politicians and business leaders lobbied fiercely to save it. El Segundo, Hawthorne, base officials and a private developer hammered out a complex land-swap deal, allowing the base to affordably move across the street to a new facility. But the fear of losing the base still resonates in the hearts and minds of those who fought to keep it from shutting down. Former county Supervisor Don Knabe said in 2003 that he could hardly sleep the night before the decision on the base’s future was announced. “I woke up twice during the night. I just have tremendous elation right now,” Knabe said shortly after learning the base had been saved. “It’s been a great team effort.” The base has since added more than 1,000 workers than it had in 2003. With 6,300 employees, it is one of the area’s largest employers, and its network of contractors and partners is extensive. Adams said those support firms would be devastated or leave the area if the base moved. “These are the folks that actually help buy our country’s space infrastructure for the Department of Defense’s interfacing with Boeing, Northrop, Lockheed (and others),” Adams said. “Many base contractors are headquartered right here in Southern California,” he said. “Aerospace Corp. is right across the street — in fact, there’s a bridge between the two. If there were impacts to the base, many contractors would follow.” A growing ‘technological transformation’ The Southern California Aerospace Council met March 20 to begin planning efforts to better promote the county’s growing technological and aerospace industries, and to protect the base. A 2016 study by the county’s Economic Development Corp. found that the historically strong aerospace sector, which was cut dramatically during the Cold War, is returning. “The aerospace industry is in the midst of technological transformation. In Southern California today, leading commercial technologies are moving into the aerospace market,” reported the study, The Changing Face of Aerospace in Southern California. “Engineers and innovators are pushing the boundaries of the industry, now no longer focused on avionics alone but introducing increasingly complex systems of communication, autonomy, advanced manufacturing processes, robotics and artificial intelligence.” The challenge for the immediate future will be in how the region nurtures the jobs and companies that settle here, the report says. As commercial investment grows in military-generated technologies like GPS capabilities, the local aerospace sector could boom exponentially, experts say. Already, Southern California ranks third in the country for development of artificial intelligence and deep-learning technologies, a LinkedIn study of regional skills found. The base is a critical component to sustaining and growing the industry, which offers needed high-paying jobs, experts say. “This is a very unique facility,” Adams said. “There’s not another Space and Missile Systems Center anywhere in the country. Not only does it support our troops and readiness and infrastructure, this is the main interface to our space contractors.” Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reporter covering Carson, Hawthorne, Hermosa Beach and the environment. Reach the author at sandy.mazza@dailybreeze.com or follow Sandy on Twitter: @SandyMazza. Full bio and more articles by Sandy Mazza Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 04 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment VisitBritain, Marketing Manchester, Virgin Atlantic partner to promote new routes to Manchester, UK By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 3, 2017 Virgin Atlantic, VisitBritain, and Marketing Manchester have joined forces in a two-year partnership to promote the airline´s new direct routes from San Francisco and Boston, into Manchester, England, the tourism agency said. The seasonal routes, which took flight March 28 and 29, respectively, will operate three times per week from San Francisco and twice weekly from Boston. As of May 2017, additional flights will take-off from New York JFK to Manchester. These three new services will provide Americans on both coasts with easier access to Northern England, with Manchester providing an ideal point of entry to this popular region. The campaign, ´It All Starts In Manchester,´ is headlined by four videos showcasing the diverse experiences visitors can have in Northern England, that all start on arrival in Manchester. Photographed in a first-person style, using camera phone videography, the videos showcase the region´s strong ties to sport, culture, outdoor and nightlife. The videos will be complimented by digital display ads, sponsored content and influencer engagement with Inside Out Media. Marketing Manchester is the agency charged with promoting Manchester on the national and international stage. As part of the Manchester Growth Company, Marketing Manchester undertakes marketing and communications on behalf of the group in support of the Greater Manchester Strategy. Virgin Atlantic currently flies to 33 destinations worldwide, including locations across the United States, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. Virgin Atlantic currently has a fleet of 39 aircraft, which is comprised of Boeing 747s, Boeing 787s, Airbus A340-600s and A330-300s. VisitBritain, the national tourism agency, is responsible for inspiring the world to explore Britain and for developing the UK´s visitor economy. Related posts NOAA, Aurora partner on gravity measurement program April 3, 2017 Aurora Flight Sciences´ Centaur optionally-piloted aircraft (OPA) is supporting NOAA´s new airborne gravity survey efforts... Ranger Aerospace celebrates 20th anniversary April 3, 2017 Ranger Aerospace, a private equity consolidator and management holding company specializing in aerospace operations and... Saker Aviation reports revenue of USD 14.7m in 2016 April 3, 2017 Saker Aviation Services, Inc. (SKAS), an aviation services company specializing in ground-based services to the... SuperShuttle to discount summer rates on airport transportation April 3, 2017 SuperShuttle, the nation´s largest airport ride service, is offering customers the opportunity to get rewarded... Mechanics to vote on ExpressJet/ASA final offer April 3, 2017 Federally mediated negotiations between more than 360 mechanics represented by the International Brotherhood of Teamsters... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Saker Aviation reports revenue of USD 14.7m in 2016 Ranger Aerospace celebrates 20th anniversary » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Search Blog Contact Menu News Sports Scene Viewpoint Multimedia - The Observer is a Student-run, daily print & online newspaper serving Notre Dame & Saint Mary's. Learn more about us. - viewpoint My American dream Diversity Council | Monday, April 3, 2017 When I was 13 years old, I decided to attend college in the United States. I was born in Yokohama, Japan, and lived in Arcadia, California, from ages 3 to 11. I moved back to Yokohama after fifth grade. At 13, I still missed America badly. It was difficult to be myself in Japan. I look Japanese and speak Japanese fluently, so most people expect me to be Japanese. But I am much more outspoken than the average Japanese girl, which has repeatedly gotten me into trouble. One memorable incident ended with my high school principal warning me that those unaware of my American upbringing would find my directness rude and appalling. It was possible to be myself in Japanese society, but the backlash for doing so was constant and painful. There are exceptions — I loved junior high. My friends, teachers and teammates understood, accepted and stood up for me. This was the first place in Japan where I felt I belonged. But often, I felt immense pressure to conform to the status quo. I never felt this societal pressure in America because there was no mold to fit into. I wanted to live in a society that condoned and encouraged individuality and uniqueness. I wanted the freedom to be myself. This was my American dream. Applying to an American university from a Japanese high school, especially a public high school, is uncommon. APs and IBs are nonexistent. The endgame of the entire high school curriculum is the Center Test — Japan’s standardized college-entrance exam. My school covered nine trimesters’ worth of material in seven so the last two could be spent solely on exam prep. There were even extra classes for Center Test prep offered Saturdays and during summer and winter breaks. My college application process also differed vastly from my peers’. There was the time I tried to register for my last SAT subject test and discovered there were no available seats in Japan (I flew to Los Angeles for one subject test — talk about pressure to do well). I taught my teachers how to use the Common App because it was in English, and they had never used it. There was much hassle over translating my transcript. Despite all this, I never considered going to college in Japan for a second. Aware that my status as a non-U.S. citizen with financial need essentially halved my chances of getting accepted to any private university, I applied to fourteen schools. At that time, only five schools in the U.S. were need-blind for non-U.S. citizens (Notre Dame, by the way, was not one of them). Nothing could deter me. I was going to find my way to America, come hell or high water. “I would flourish more in America, and I would be happier in America” — this is what I kept telling myself my last trimester of high school, when the difficulties of applying to college in a foreign country started getting to me. “You can’t give up now,” I thought. “Just get through the next few months, and it will all have been worth it.” Since I was 13, I had promised myself that if I studied hard enough — if I was good enough — I’d get into a prestigious American university, which would open doors to my career of choice. Eventually, I’d become a U.S. citizen and live happily ever after. Everything would work itself out once I got to college. I was both right and wrong. Reality didn’t completely mirror my expectations. I didn’t anticipate that being an international student would bother me. When I learned I was the only incoming Japanese freshman at the sendoff party in Tokyo, my initial reaction was amusement because I had bet my mom 50 yen that I was the only incoming freshman. But I admit, I felt lonely when I saw classmates bonding over coming from the same city or high school. Sometimes, I even envied groups of international students speaking animatedly in their own language. In addition, I became hyperaware that I was a racial minority. There was a group project where I was the only female and only minority. My opinion was ignored several times, but when another member suggested the same thing two minutes later, everyone agreed. This nearly broke me. “I’m just as smart as these guys. My ideas are just as good. Why won’t they listen to me?” After exhausting all other possibilities, the sole explanation I could come up with was that I was a girl and Asian. I hated, even in my mind, accusing my group members of gender and racial discrimination. I was so lost as to what to do. It would be confrontational no matter how I broached it. I would be pointing a finger, accusing them of gender and racial discrimination. That couldn’t possibly make them want to work with me. The project ended before I could figure out what to do. Nevertheless, I have never regretted coming to America for college. Here, I’m allowed to be myself without feeling like I’m wrong for doing so. Here, I can even speak up about controversial topics like gender and racial inequalities. The rare micro-aggressions I face are a small price to pay for the freedom to be myself. Recently, though, I feel the chances of my working in the U.S. after graduation are slim. To work in the U.S., I would need to find an employer willing to sponsor me for an H-1B visa and win the H-1B lottery before my OPT of three years runs out. If I wanted citizenship, I would need to find an employer willing to sponsor me for permanent residency, maintain my permanent resident status for five years, then file for U.S. citizenship. This is all if current H-1B laws don’t change. Under the new administration they most likely will — if the OPT duration gets shortened, or the program gets cancelled altogether or the minimum wage of H-1B visas gets raised substantially, then I’ll be in trouble. Right now, it’s already a struggle searching for companies that hire non-U.S. citizens. From conversations with other international students, this seems to be a common problem across many fields. My choice of aerospace engineering adds to this difficulty, as many aerospace companies simply aren’t allowed to hire non-American citizens. I can’t even apply for internships at companies like Boeing, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, etc. The same problem applies for aerospace research positions, as most require permanent residence or U.S. citizenship. It would be difficult for me to pursue an aerospace career in America. Both my advisor and the Career Center suggested I look into a different industry if I wanted to stay here. But I chose aerospace engineering because there is nothing else I’d rather be doing. Choosing an industry just to stay in the U.S. would feel like settling. I didn’t come this far to settle. Other countries have thriving aerospace companies, too. I don’t have to limit myself to one country. I could even work in Japan if I got over others’ perceptions of me. I am no longer fixated on America. If I end up working in the U.S. after graduation, great. If not, that’s okay too. Yuko Inoue is a sophomore in Farley Hall, but you’ll most likely find her in the engineering library because she lives there. In her free time she enjoys playing the violin and taking pictures of squirrels with pastries.  The views expressed in this column are those of the author and not necessarily those of The Observer. Tags: Center Test, diversity council, International students, japan, Notre Dame Share This Story About Diversity Council Contact Diversity Related Stories The American Dream The last time I heard anyone use the term “The American Dream” in conversation,... Privilege and the American Dream Reframing the GOP’s American Dream American dream at a Crossroads Patrick Guibert What a great piece, Yuko. Thank you for conveying some of your experiences so thoughtfully and honestly. I’m sure that your thoughtfulness and insight gets overlooked more often than mine does because you are an Asian girl, and I’m a white man. But just something to perhaps keep in mind: I’ve had similar situations where people ignore my good ideas until someone else expresses them. I’m not saying that to minimize the impact of very real discrimination. What I’m trying to say is that people just suck sometimes regardless of who you are, so when that happens, it might not always indicate a rejection of you as a woman or as an Asian. I guess what I’m trying to do is make you feel more embraced and more welcome because I love the attitude and intelligence of your piece, and if you end up leaving America after college, it’s our loss. Best of luck wherever life takes you! Perturbed Pundit Both the Optional Practical Training (OPT) program and the H-1B visa are vehicles that put US citizens at a great disadvantage and need to be reformed. Here’s why: OPT OPT amounts to the government offering a $30,000 ($10,000 / yr) incentive to employers for hiring a foreign student instead of a U.S. citizen or permanent resident. This bonus takes the form of the foreign students being exempt from payroll tax (due to their student status, which they technically still have under OPT in spite of having graduated). Why hire Americans, eh? Since this tax exemption from payroll tax was pointed out in a lawsuit against DHS, and has been one of the major points raised by critics, DHS was well aware of it. Yet they are refusing to address it or even acknowledge it. In contrast to DHS recent statements, in which they openly admitted that they intend OPT as an end-run around the H-1B cap, they now describe OPT in warm and fuzzy terms of “mentoring” (putting the T back into OPT). That raises several questions: If the U.S. indeed “needs” the foreign students (DHS’s phrasing on this point verges on desperation) to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training? The DHS/industry narrative is that the U.S. lacks sufficient workers with STEM training, while the foreign workers are supposedly already trained. And, if workers with such training are indeed needed, why wont these special mentoring programs be open to Americans? Why just offer them to foreign students? Since DHS admitted that its motivation in OPT is to circumvent the H-1B cap, does that mean that if the cap were high enough to accommodate everyone, these same foreign students wouldn’t need training after all? H-1B While lobbying Congress for more H-1B visas, industry claims H-1B workers are the “best and brightest”. Come payday, however, they’re entry-level workers. The GAO put out a report on the H-1B visa that discusses at some length the fact that the vast majority of H-1B workers are hired into entry-level positions. In fact, most are at “Level I”, which is officially defined by the Dept. of Labor as those who have a “basic understanding of duties and perform routine tasks requiring limited judgment”. Moreover, the GAO found that a mere 6% of H-1B workers are at “Level IV”, which is officially defined by the US Dept. of Labor as those who are “fully competent”[1]. This belies the industry lobbyists’ claims that H-1B workers are hired because they’re experts that can’t be found among the U.S. workforce. So this means one of two things: either companies are looking for entry-level workers (in which case, their rhetoric about needing “the best and brightest” is meaningless), or they’re looking for more experienced workers but only paying them at the Level I, entry-level pay scale. In my opinion, companies are using the H-1B visa to engage in legalized age discrimination, as the vast majority of H-1B workers are under the age of 35 [2], especially those at the Level I and Level II categories. Any way you slice it, it amounts to H-1B visa abuse, all facilitated and with the blessings of the US government. The National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE) has never shown a sharp upward trend of Computer Science graduate starting salaries, which would indicate a labor shortage (remember – the vast majority of H-1B visas are granted for computer-related positions). In fact, according to their survey for Fall 2015, starting salaries for CS grads went down by 4% from the prior year. This is particularly interesting in that salaries overall rose 5.2% [3][4]. References: [1] GAO-11-26: H-1B VISA PROGRAM – Reforms Are Needed to Minimize the Risks and Costs of Current Program [2] Characteristics of H-1B Specialty Occupation Workers Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Report to Congress October 1, 2013 – September 30, 2014 [3] NACE Fall 2015 Salary Survey [4] NACE Salary Survey – September 2014 Executive Summary Hide Sidebar Advertisement Trending Stories 1 Saint Mary’s President spends night in dorm, bonds with residents 1 Notre Dame College Republicans host conservative commentator Ben Shapiro 1 The importance of adoption 1 Office of Civil Rights opens second investigation into possible Title IX violation Twitter Feed Twitter Icon Tweets by @NDSMCObserver Photostream Dedric Clark from @thesocialanimals jamming this past Saturday with @atlasgenius. Atlas Genius and The Social Animals had a great performance this past weekend when they visited Legends here on campus. Photo credit: Caitlyn Jordan | The Observer V.J. Beachem got up to throw down earlier tonight in Philadelphia. Beachem posted 11 in the first half, but the Irish trail North Carolina at the break, 43-38. Photo credit: Michael Yu | The Observer The warmup isn’t just for the players tonight in Philadelphia. Fr. Pete McCormick gets in on the action before Notre Dame’s Elite Eight showdown with North Carolina. Photo credit: Michael Yu | The Observer For the third time in eight days, the Irish men pulled off a late, dramatic win in the NCAA tournament. Players mob head coach Mike Brey after the 61-56 win over Wisconsin, which advanced Notre Dame to the Elite Eight for the second straight year. Photo c The Irish men’s basketball squad was in a celebratory mood Sunday after freshman Rex Pflueger’s tip-in with 1.5 seconds left earned Notre Dame a second straight Sweet 16 berth. Photo credit: Emmet Farnan | The Observer Senior forward Zach Auguste talks with reporters Saturday in Brooklyn. Prep for Sunday’s showdown with Stephen F. Austin with our preview | http://ift.tt/1UcU9Wl The Observer encourages all students to participate in the 2016 student government elections by voting today. Hear about each ticket's platform here: https://youtu.be/Vq_VB0Mzir4 KeiVarae Russell's been a key to Notre Dame's last two victories and is just getting back to his old form. Read more about his journey back to ND and the rest of our pre-Pittsburgh Irish Insider coverage here: http://ift.tt/20yJZ3i Safety Elijah Shumate has become a steady force in the secondary and is featured on this week's Irish Insider cover—read all about it before ND takes on Temple tonight: bit.ly/1KNxMfr The ND defensive line might be smiling for our latest Irish Insider cover, but they'll be a fearsome force come Saturday vs. UMass Advertisement Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on Instagram Subscribe to Our YouTube Channel Advertisement Advertisement To uncover the truth and report it accurately. Site Links About Us Contact Letters to the Editor Suggest a Story Idea Advertise With Us Print Edition Subscriptions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Email Edition Donations $ Like what you see? Help support student-run publications. Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Phone: (574) 631-7471 / Fax: (574) 631-6927 / Address: The Observer / P.O. Box 779 / Notre Dame, IN 46556 Email: editor@ndsmcobserver.com Design by
