Breaking News Home+ U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> 3 ways to prevent planes from vanishing again By Jim Hall and Peter Goelz Updated 11:54 AM ET, Tue May 13, 2014 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. The aerial search for missing Malaysia Air Flight 370 has largely been abandoned as the underwater search continues. Story highlights Jim Hall and Peter Goelz: Why losing a Boeing 777, or any other jet, must never happen again They ask why we can track millions of users through their cell phones but not a jumbo jet The technology to better track aircraft exists and must be deployed now, they argue Nearly two months have passed while the world has looked on in disbelief as the search for Malaysia Air Flight 370 continues. We all hope the initial mystery of this tragedy -- where the aircraft rests -- is soon solved so that the ultimate mystery of what led that aircraft and its passengers to their fate can be determined. As we wait, what everyone in aviation needs to agree on right now is that this must never be allowed to happen again. Millions of us can be located immediately through technology in our handheld cell phones, but a 300,000-pound Boeing 777 with 239 souls on board disappears from the face of the Earth. NASA has the capability of photographing stars billions of light-years away, and yet our best minds are forced to guess where this plane might be. The airline industry has invested billions of dollars in technology that has made flight as incredibly safe as it is today. Yet many allow their aircraft to fall off any direct tracking capability as they fly over vast ocean distances and remote locations, confident that these planes will occasionally check in and reappear as they near the other side of the blacked-out area. But what if, as with MH370, they don't? Jim Hall, left, and Peter Goelz It isn't like we weren't warned. Just five years ago, an Air France Airbus took off from Rio de Janeiro for a routine 5,700-mile trip to Paris. But the plane never arrived. Although the airline had received telemetric data that something was going terribly wrong and indicating in general where the plane had crashed, only the recovery of some large floating pieces of wreckage helped narrow the search area. Even after the search area was relatively quickly identified, the all-important flight recorders weren't recovered for another two years. Despite a series of well-founded recommendations by the BEA (the French counterpart to the National Transportation Safety Board), no meaningful reforms have been implemented. The International Civil Aviation Organization, the United Nations body that governs international aviation, has done nothing to order the tracking of transoceanic flights in real time and, in those very rare events when something goes wrong, to mandate equipment to ensure a successful search and rescue operation. This needs to end now. While there will undoubtedly be months and years of debate about next-generation capabilities, there are existing technologies and concrete actions that we can -- and must -- take right now to make sure this tragic spectacle is never repeated: 1. All ETOPS aircraft (certified for extended overwater flight) need to be connected to a "handshake" monitoring service offered by Boeing, Airbus or the major engine manufacturers or to some other commercial service like the Automated Flight Information Reporting System that tracks the aircraft at all times. The "handshake" services can be limited in duration to reduce cost and to not overtax satellite capabilities. 2. Flight recorder "pingers" need to be upgraded to give off two distinct tones, one of which could be heard at a far greater distance than the other but would not need to sound as often in order to preserve power. Further, the batteries themselves should be immediately upgraded to last 90 days. 3. All ETOPS aircraft must be equipped with deployable black boxes, which would separate from the aircraft on impact. Not only does the device float, it transmits a signal that is picked up by the world's search and rescue satellites, providing the location of the black boxes for quick retrieval, the location of the aircraft at impact, its tail number and its country of origin. Had MH370 been equipped with a deployable flight recorder, the initial search could have been limited to within 3 miles of the impact, increasing in accuracy with every emergency locator transmission, rather than requiring the world's resources to search an area as large as the United States. The most difficult search in history If these viable steps had been in place, the location of MH370 would have been identified many weeks ago, and secure, tangible black box data would be in hand to help us understand what happened during that ill-fated flight. Instead, we are only slightly better equipped to locate this airliner than when we were searching for Amelia Earhart 85 years ago. JUST WATCHED Has 'ping' evidence led search astray? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Has 'ping' evidence led search astray? 05:16 JUST WATCHED Satellite data scrutinized in jet search Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Satellite data scrutinized in jet search 03:11 JUST WATCHED Doubts raised over possible pings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doubts raised over possible pings 02:27 Unbelievably, the prospect of finding the plane seems more remote now than ever; a few weeks ago, Australia actually expanded the area it intends to search to the size of the state of Indiana, virtually guaranteeing that this will be the most costly search in history. And analysts have recently speculated that the basis for determining the search area may be completely without foundation. The embarrassment of this state of affairs for the industry and regulators is eclipsed only by the grief of the families of the 239 people who put their trust in an appallingly antiquated system governed by a hidebound international bureaucracy. The United States, one of the founding members of the International Civil Aviation Organization, needs to take a stronger hand in getting these common sense safety improvements adopted immediately. If the organization continues to dither, then the Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration must act unilaterally. Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion. Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion. Powered by Livefyre Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Blogs > Ares > Meet Boeing's Latest Next-Gen Fighter Concept Ares Meet Boeing's Latest Next-Gen Fighter Concept Nov 1, 2016 by Lara Seligman in Ares RSS EMAIL Tweet Comments 26 Boeing is out with new concept art for the U.S. Air Force’s next-generation fighter jet, a sleek, tail-less design featuring conformal engine inlets and what looks like a manned cockpit. The latest image, provided to Aviation Week Nov. 1, looks more like a fighter-bomber than a pure fighter. The tail-less airframe, thin swept wings and conformal shaping suggest a stealthy, penetrating aircraft that may be able to fly supersonic. The silhouette of a pilot inside the cockpit indicates Boeing is banking on the Air Force sticking with at least an optionally manned platform for the future capability. Boeing’s new vision comes as the Air Force begins to solidify a plan for the next generation of air superiority, alternatively called “sixth-generation fighter,” “next-generation air dominance,” F-X,” and most recently “Penetrating Counterair” (PCA). The service just kicked off an Air Force Scientific Advisory Board (AFSAB) study that will begin identifying key capabilities needed to fight in the battlefield of 2030 ahead of a formal analysis of alternatives (AoA) for PCA. The Air Force’s “Air Superiority 2030” initiative identified a hybrid PCA capability as key to ensuring air superiority in future denied battlespaces characterized by sophisticated air defense systems and counterair technologies. But so far, the Air Force has only described PCA in relatively broad terms. We do know that PCA will be a “family-of-systems,” and will likely include some kind of next-generation stealth fighter to operate alongside and eventually replace Lockheed Martin’s F-22s and F-35s. It may also incorporate the new arsenal plane concept, where multiple sensor-shooter aircraft direct fire from an aerial bomb truck crammed with munitions. Compare Boeing's newest iteration of the notional fighter capability with an older rendering the company has previously released: The AFSAB study, announced Oct. 27, will begin to define the key operational characteristics of a PCA capability. The pre-AoA effort will examine likely adversaries, identify and assess relevant technologies, and determine the timelines and investments needed to mature them. The study aims to provide a technology roadmap to support developing and fielding of an initial PCA capability in 2030. AFSAB plans to brief top Air Force brass on the results of the study in July 2017, and publish a report in December 2017. The study will support a formal AoA, which is expected to kick off in January. Stay tuned for more information about Boeing's next-generation fighter vision.  Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet lseligman@aviationweek.com's blog Log In or Register to post comments EMAIL Print First Norwegian, Third U.S. F-35 Fly After Insulation Fix AWACS Against ISIL Discuss this Blog Entry 26 Talyn on Nov 1, 2016 A fighter-bomber based design is far more logical than a pure fighter for the GEN6 F-X/Penetrating Counter-air (PCA) requirement. Log In or Register to post comments SlowMan on Nov 1, 2016 This is an Air Force version of F/A-XX for the Navy. Log In or Register to post comments Joe Formanek on Nov 1, 2016 Apparently this is an unmanned fighter since the seat back and canopy do not provide adequate visibility. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Felix A9 on Nov 2, 2016 Comment removed by staff. Log In or Register to post comments Paladin on Nov 2, 2016 Comment removed by staff. Log In or Register to post comments mike.osborne83@... on Nov 2, 2016 Actually, a Gen 6 fighter will likely use synthetic vision to provide visibility for the entire sphere surrounding the aircraft - like the F-35 does today. We'll be able to give up the compromise to aerodynamics and low-observables created by the current bubble canopies. Log In or Register to post comments ozzy on Nov 3, 2016 Pilot helmet's visor will probably provide a 360 degree virtual vision during flight. The canopy will be mostly be used on the ground. Log In or Register to post comments tmbenton62 on Nov 3, 2016 I am sure they can not fit it out with a helmet system like they have in the F35, right? Come on, when you put in real time VR, why put a canopy that will result in drag? Log In or Register to post comments Adrienne Cloeter on Nov 4, 2016 It could have a system like the F-35 which uses cameras so the pilot can see virtually everywhere. Log In or Register to post comments QuestionMark on Nov 2, 2016 Top picture is not convincing. Maneuvrability would be pretty poor unless there were pop-out canards. Why are the engine intake 'humps' not better blended with the fuselage? Why is everone so obsessed with eliminating vertical tailplanes? Bottom image looks like a left-over from early ATF studies. I am not enthused. Log In or Register to post comments SpaceNut on Nov 2, 2016 You trade air to air maneuverability for "stealth" and speed. Stealth, range payload etc is more important going forward than air to air to most experts, inside and out of the DoD. Good luck defeating AIM9X with JHMCS like systems and future lasers. There might be some stealthy thrust vectoring as well to help offset verticle surfaces. Even the YF23 had a modified tail. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 2, 2016 ". . . an Air Force Scientific Advisory Board (AFSAB) study that will begin identifying key capabilities needed to fight in the battlefield of 2030 ahead of a formal analysis of alternatives (AoA) for PCA." Reality Check: Advanced Tactical Fighter Request For Information released by USAF summer 1981. F-22 supposedly reaches IOC in the last few days of 2005. It took the USAF essentially a quarter century to develop it's signature "fifth generation fighter." Now it is talking about an even more revolutionary fighter to be developed by 2030, just 14 years away? They are smoking something over in the Pentagon? Or is that 2030 just public relations hype to sucker the people and Congress into another fiasco? "The Air Force’s “Air Superiority 2030” initiative identified a hybrid PCA capability as key to ensuring air superiority in future denied battlespaces characterized by sophisticated air defense systems and counterair technologies. But so far, the Air Force has only described PCA in relatively broad terms." Translation: The USAF knows it wants something but does not know what it wants. “Air Superiority 2030” might be hardware in the 2040s but probably later. Is the USAF thinking ahead? Or is this like the stealth tanker, just another attempt by the USAF to earmark every single R&D dollar the Pentagon has for the future? The USAF Christmas list of Wunderwaffe is long and getting longer. "Compare Boeing's newest iteration of the notional fighter capability with an older rendering the company has previously released." The battle of the sci-fi paintings is on. What fantasy painting will Lockheed present us? "We do know that PCA will be a “family-of-systems.” What a Buzz Word! Will the Family-of-Systems have "Connectivity" and be on the "Internet-of-Things"? "It may also incorporate the new arsenal plane concept, where multiple sensor-shooter aircraft direct fire from an aerial bomb truck crammed with munitions." That way there will be plenty of Contractor Candy to give out. One to build the multiple "sensor-shooter aircraft," one for the "aerial bomb truck crammed with munitions," and no doubt another for systems integration. That ought to spread the political graft around. "The AFSAB study, announced Oct. 27, will begin to define the key operational characteristics of a PCA capability." Translation: The D-Methamphetamine to Vapor and Gases Conversion Board still has no firm idea of what the USAF wants for Air Superiority 2030." What ever it eventually is it will have a Knight in Blue riding it like a Valkyrie through the wild blue yonder. Despite the penalties in maneuverability, weight, complexity, cost, availability and maintainability. What we do know from this article is that: 1. The USAF wants something and it has to be spiffy. 2. The Air Force does not know what it wants. 3. The USAF is thinking 14 years ahead when it's track record shows it can't possibly have it's latest example of megalomania before the 2040s. Log In or Register to post comments CARTooNMAN805 on Nov 8, 2016 I say we trick Rumsfeld into coming in.... we even tell him he could bring in Hilary !!! Then ALL OF CONGRESS rushes him at once and shake him by his ankles for dat 2.3 trill he lost on sept. 10 2011 !? right ;) Log In or Register to post comments SpaceNut on Nov 2, 2016 2030, which is a mere 13 years away, might as well be 2130 for the DoD. Tech is moving fast, budgets going nowhere, and programs are taking decades. The F35 will not really get to its prime until 2025. It will depend on how the next gen, AVET engines come alive. Log In or Register to post comments nicosmama@comca... on Nov 3, 2016 From what has been made public the engines are being perfected prior to the airframes they are going to go into. AVET should be operational in 2021, ready to plug into the 6th generation prototypes and possibly the B-21. DARPA has supposedly been studying for a few years now fast tracking the 6th generation development, so we will see if we break new ground or repeat history with the timelines. As pointed out above the air force usually doesn't know what it is it wants. Log In or Register to post comments eriknoel@me.com on Nov 2, 2016 I think China will fly something like this before the US Air Force does. They appear to have plenty of aeronautical engineers and adequate, stable budgets. Log In or Register to post comments TIMBERSTORM on Nov 2, 2016 Too bad Boeing couldn't have integrated some of this design language to their F/A-18 Super Hornet because the US Navy and countries like Canada would continue buying the Hornet because these are not even mock ups and it will take 2-3 years just to build prototypes and possibly another 5-10 years to get to production. Log In or Register to post comments NorEastern on Nov 2, 2016 In the near future there will be no more air superiority fighters. The skies will be dominated by arsenal planes featuring MW lasers for defense. Why even bother with stealth when at 40,000 feet in clear skies you can shoot down every enemy plane and missile? Military lasers are currently approaching 100 kw. How long before they reach a MW of power? MW lasers can cut through 14 feet of one inch thick cold rolled steel per second. Therefore we are talking about a laser taking under 100 Milli-seconds to behead a SAM. The Air Force is overthinking this subject. The solution is obvious. Log In or Register to post comments glikbach on Nov 3, 2016 I think your point is salient and worth discussing. I think tanks will be one of the immediate beneficiaries of anti-missile lasers since they don't need to worry about weight. Miniaturization will then be applied to and helicopters and planes will be blasting things out of the skies in no time. Log In or Register to post comments wohlstad on Nov 3, 2016 Interesting point, but likely false. There will always be a place for an air supremacy fighter. The arsenal planes you are advocating will likely be swept from the sky by the very fighters whose demise you profess. Nor can we rule out the man in the cockpit in the presence of cyber warfare - say how do you communicate to the UCAV when the enemy is denying the comms? This is similar to super-SAMs vs air assets. Sure the Russians control the airspace over Syria (and a good portion of ME) with their S-400, but how long will it last against real enemy skilled in SEAD (say US or even the Israelis)? Same goes for the laser-based AD. These systems by definition are passive - they wait for the enemy to show up, but likely will not survive to see it. Log In or Register to post comments CARTooNMAN805 on Nov 8, 2016 NAILED IT !!! Log In or Register to post comments sunhobeck@hotma... on Nov 3, 2016 " ... what’s the point of keeping Boeing alive in the military aircraft business if it doesn’t have the capability to design a new military aircraft? " richardaboulafia.com/shownote.asp?id=495 Log In or Register to post comments steve2267 on Nov 3, 2016 The DOD opted for an extended development phase for JSF (F-35) wherein changes could be included as things were learned during development. This decision lead to an extended, hence expensive, development. It has arguably also resulted in a more capable platform as it finally reaches deployment. The comment regarding the Chinese legion of aero engineers and stable budgets causes me to wonder if it would not be better for the US to implement a continuing spiral development system wherein a stable annual budget could be used to continually design / refine / test / introduce new technologies / new systems. As new technologies mature, they can be introduced as part of the appropriate system. Planforms / outer-mold-line hulls would be one "system." Propulsion another system. Sensors, amraments... different systems. Of course, the devil always lives in the details, and while this continual spiral development idea may sound nice... the integration of systems is usually critical, esp. from a weight and hence performance perspective. Still... one giant defense program every quarter century does not seem optimal. Log In or Register to post comments luckydoggoldminer on Nov 3, 2016 WHY PEOPLE HAVE TO ACT CRUEL AND STUPID....EVEN IN A FORUM AS THIS .ESCAPES ME. AVIATION IS INTERESTING AND IMPORTANT IN ALL OF OUR LIVES. LETS KEEP A GOOD NATURE ABOUT IT. WE GET ENOUGH TRASH TALK IN OUR EVERY DAY LIVES .JUST LOOKING AT THE NEWS. THANK YOU Log In or Register to post comments hotjets on Nov 3, 2016 Why is it occupied? I bet the PLA air-force has one looking similar soon!! Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 3, 2016 "I think tanks will be one of the immediate beneficiaries of anti-missile lasers since they don't need to worry about weight. " Actually weight is a major consideration for tank designers. Tanks have to be mobile and weight makes mobility difficult. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles USAF Kicks Off Study On Next-Gen Air Superiority   USAF Kicking Off New Stealth Fighter Study In January   U.S. Air Force Wants Stealthy, Laser-Shooting Next-Gen Tanker 65   Opinion: A New Bomber For $550 Million? Not Likely 173   Japanese Team Assesses F-35 for Next-Gen Fighter Need   What's Ares? Aviation Week editors blog their personal views on the defense industry. Advertisement A Century of Aviation Week Aviation Week & Space Technology is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year. In a series of blogs, our editors highlight editorial content from the magazine's long and rich history.   Sep 9, 2016 Article Aviation Week & Space Technology Problems Aerospace Still Has To Solve   51 Efficiency, emissions, noise, speed, affordability, accessibility—all challenges ahead for aviation and aerospace....More Aug 26, 2016 blog When Aviation Week Was Accused of Treason -- The Back Story Revealed 8 A 1957 revelation that the U.S. was tracking Soviet missile launches from a secret radar in Turkey has its roots in sleuthing of students from Kettering Grammar School in the UK....More Aug 23, 2016 blog When Aviation Week Was Accused Of Treason 23 Aviation Week editors routinely get blowback when they write about sensitive topics, and the best example of that may be an October 1957 story that revealed the U.S. had been tracking Russian missile launches from advanced long-range radar units in Turkey....More More Archives Advertisement Blog Archive Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Boeing thinks it can deliver steady cash flow growth for investors, even if one of its biggest cash-cow products continues to struggle. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Nov 1, 2016 at 8:20AM Boeing (NYSE:BA) continues to be a battleground stock, as investors debate whether the aircraft market is peaking -- and whether the company's profit goals are realistic. On balance, Mr. Market seemed satisfied with Boeing's Q3 results, sending the stock up nearly 5% following the earnings report. Boeing executives' confident tone during the Q3 earnings call probably helped in that respect. Here are five key points that they emphasized related to the company's outlook for the next few years. Robust demand for the 737 We remain on track to raise the 737 production rate from the current 42 per month to 47 in the third quarter of 2017, followed by 52 per month in 2018 and then 57 per month in 2019. And importantly, even at the 57 per month rate, we continue to be oversold. -- Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg The workhorse 737 jet remains Boeing's most important sales and profit driver right now. The explosion of low-cost airlines across the world has created huge demand for relatively affordable narrowbody jets. As a result, Boeing has accumulated a backlog of more than 4,300 orders for 737 jets. The Boeing 737 has a backlog stretching beyond 2020. Image source: Boeing. Nevertheless, a number of pundits have questioned whether Boeing can support a production rate increase to 57 per month by 2019, from 42 per month today. Muilenberg noted that the Boeing 737 is oversold to the end of the decade even at a rate of 57 per month. That provides a cushion in case poor market conditions force some airlines to defer or cancel orders. A 777 rate decision is coming soon If [another 777 production cut] were to occur, implementation would begin in late 2017 or early 2018. On the other end of the spectrum, should we see success on ongoing campaigns, we may not need to adjust our existing production plans at all. -- Muilenberg Demand for the 777 widebody family is much shakier. Boeing fell short of its order goal in 2015, and it is less than halfway to meeting its 2016 order target with just two months left in the year. Still, Boeing reeled in 11 net orders for the 777 last month, compared to just six net firm orders in the first nine months of 2016. Boeing is already in the midst of cutting 777 production from 8.3 per month to seven. By 2018, actual deliveries are scheduled to fall to 5.5 per month, as Boeing starts to build 777X test aircraft. And if order activity remains slow, the company may need to cut output by another one or two units per month. That said, Boeing has a few more ongoing 777 sales campaigns. Depending on its success, it may be able to avoid further production cuts. In any case, it will have to make a decision on future 777 production rates in the next few months. Dreamliner profitability is turning the corner On the 787 program, the deferred production balance declined by $151 million in the quarter. This decrease was driven by delivery mix, internal productivity efforts and suppliers step-down pricing. -- Boeing CFO Greg Smith Arguably the best piece of news in Boeing's earnings report was that the 787 deferred production balance has started to decline. In other words, after years of incurring huge cash losses from selling Dreamliners below the cost of production, Boeing is starting to turn a profit on each 787 it turns out due to a combination of favorable mix, higher prices, and lower production costs. Dreamliner profitability is on a steady upward trajectory. Image source: Boeing. Right now, the cash profit margin on each 787 Boeing builds remains modest. However, the trends of improving mix, better pricing, and lower production costs (particularly driven by contractual price reductions from suppliers) will continue. This should allow Boeing to recoup its $27.5 billion in accumulated losses over the next six or seven years. Expect rising cash flow in any scenario ... [E]ven if we have to moderate our widebody production plans in the future, we continue to expect commercial aircraft deliveries to grow beyond 900 airplanes per year through the end of this decade, supporting our expectation that we will continue to grow cash flow year-over-year throughout this time period. -- Muilenberg Clearly, Boeing's 737 and 787 aircraft families are on pace to churn out more and more cash in the coming years. On the other hand, the 777 -- one of Boeing's most reliable cash cows in recent years -- is facing a rough stretch. Investors have struggled to estimate the net impact of these trends. However, Boeing's management gave very clear guidance last week. Even in a worst-case scenario for the 777, where orders slow to a trickle for the next few years, Boeing expects its cash flow to continue rising steadily between now and the end of the decade. Services growth will boost margins ... [A]s we continue to invest in growing our services business, generally services will be accretive to our margins... -- Muilenberg Boeing has set a goal of expanding its pre-tax margin from high-single-digit territory in recent years to mid-teen levels by the end of the decade. Analysts are understandably skeptical of this extremely aggressive margin target. A lot of things need to go right for Boeing to improve its profit margin that much. However, Muilenberg noted that Boeing's increased focus on selling services will support profitability. Aftermarket services contracts generally carry higher margins than airplane sales. This strategy shift is still in the early innings, but Boeing is already gaining traction, signing some big services contracts at the 2016 Farnborough Airshow. As Boeing expands its services portfolio, it could continue gaining momentum in this lucrative ancillary business. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 8:20AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Read More Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? When Will Boeing Raise the 787 Dreamliner Accounting Block? (And Why It Matters) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center to pursue mutually beneficial research in materials recycling, air travel for aging populations, workplace safety News provided by Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 08:28 ET Share this article ZHUHAI, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) today signed a new agreement to expand their joint research collaboration in support of the long-term sustainable growth of commercial aviation. The two companies, which signed an initial collaboration agreement in March 2012, have been researching ways to improve aviation's fuel efficiency and greenhouse-gas emissions reduction, including sustainable aviation biofuel and air traffic management (ATM) efficiency. Through this new agreement, signed at the Zhuhai Airshow, the companies will explore six areas of mutually beneficial research through the renamed Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center. They will also continue to exchange commercial aviation market forecasts. "As we approach the 45th year of collaboration between Boeing and China's aviation industry, Boeing and COMAC are expanding our efforts to ensure commercial aviation's long-term sustainable growth, improve its efficiency and reduce environmental impact," said Ian Chang, vice president, Supplier Management China Operations & Business Development, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Our mutually beneficial research with COMAC supports Boeing's global effort to enable growth and partner to address challenges for our industry." "The two companies have enhanced mutual trust and understanding during five years of working together," said Wu Guanghui, Vice President of COMAC. "The agreement signed today extends and will bring our cooperation to a new level, enabling the two companies to leverage their own advantages for win-win results that can benefit not only China, but also the rest of world." Research areas for the Sustainable Aviation Technology Center will include: Technologies supporting sustainable aviation fuel development and assessing the benefit to aviation of using these technologies; ATM technologies and applications; Environmentally sustainable manufacturing, including enhanced recycling of materials; Technologies to enhance the airplane cabin environment related to environmental stewardship and air travel by aging populations; New industry or international standards in aviation energy conservation and emissions reduction; Improvements in workplace safety during cabin and ground operations. As they have since 2012, Boeing and COMAC will jointly select and fund research by China-based universities and research institutions. Their initial agreement created the Boeing-COMAC Aviation Energy Conservation and Emissions Reductions (AECER) Technology Center. Since then, the Boeing-COMAC AECER Center conducted 17 research projects, leading to an aviation biofuel demonstration facility that turns waste "gutter oil" into jet fuel and three ATM software prototype systems. The Center has attracted participation of 12 domestic and international research partners. In addition, Boeing and COMAC plan to open a joint venture facility in Zhoushan, China, that will install interiors and paint 737s before Boeing delivers these airplanes to Chinese customers.   China is one of the world's fastest-growing aviation markets. The Civil Aviation Administration of China has forecast that passenger traffic in China will reach 485 million this year and will reach 1.5 billion passengers in 2030. Boeing has estimated that Chinese airlines will need to purchase more than 6,800 new airplanes through 2035 to meet fast-growing demand for domestic and international air travel. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 59055505 (Beijing) Yukui.wang@boeing.com Jessica Kowal Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes + 1 206-660-6849 (Seattle) jessica.m.kowal@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-comac-expand-collaboration-on-environmental-efficiency-and-sustainable-growth-300354841.html SOURCE Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 10:01 ET Preview: Boeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Oct 31, 2016, 16:17 ET Preview: Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 10:01 ETBoeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Oct 31, 2016, 16:17 ETBoeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Alternative Energies Aerospace & Defense Environmental Products & Services You just read: Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth News provided by Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 08:28 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth By Published: Nov 1, 2016 8:28 a.m. ET Share Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center to pursue mutually beneficial research in materials recycling, air travel for aging populations, workplace safety ZHUHAI, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE:BA] and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) today signed a new agreement to expand their joint research collaboration in support of the long-term sustainable growth of commercial aviation. The two companies, which signed an initial collaboration agreement in March 2012, have been researching ways to improve aviation's fuel efficiency and greenhouse-gas emissions reduction, including sustainable aviation biofuel and air traffic management (ATM) efficiency. Through this new agreement, signed at the Zhuhai Airshow, the companies will explore six areas of mutually beneficial research through the renamed Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center. They will also continue to exchange commercial aviation market forecasts. "As we approach the 45 [th] year of collaboration between Boeing and China's aviation industry, Boeing and COMAC are expanding our efforts to ensure commercial aviation's long-term sustainable growth, improve its efficiency and reduce environmental impact," said Ian Chang, vice president, Supplier Management China Operations & Business Development, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Our mutually beneficial research with COMAC supports Boeing's global effort to enable growth and partner to address challenges for our industry." "The two companies have enhanced mutual trust and understanding during five years of working together," said Wu Guanghui, Vice President of COMAC. "The agreement signed today extends and will bring our cooperation to a new level, enabling the two companies to leverage their own advantages for win-win results that can benefit not only China, but also the rest of world." Research areas for the Sustainable Aviation Technology Center will include: Technologies supporting sustainable aviation fuel development and assessing the benefit to aviation of using these technologies; ATM technologies and applications; Environmentally sustainable manufacturing, including enhanced recycling of materials; Technologies to enhance the airplane cabin environment related to environmental stewardship and air travel by aging populations; New industry or international standards in aviation energy conservation and emissions reduction; Improvements in workplace safety during cabin and ground operations. As they have since 2012, Boeing and COMAC will jointly select and fund research by China-based universities and research institutions. Their initial agreement created the Boeing-COMAC Aviation Energy Conservation and Emissions Reductions (AECER) Technology Center. Since then, the Boeing-COMAC AECER Center conducted 17 research projects, leading to an aviation biofuel demonstration facility that turns waste "gutter oil" into jet fuel and three ATM software prototype systems. The Center has attracted participation of 12 domestic and international research partners. In addition, Boeing and COMAC plan to open a joint venture facility in Zhoushan, China, that will install interiors and paint 737s before Boeing delivers these airplanes to Chinese customers.   China is one of the world's fastest-growing aviation markets. The Civil Aviation Administration of China has forecast that passenger traffic in China will reach 485 million this year and will reach 1.5 billion passengers in 2030. Boeing has estimated that Chinese airlines will need to purchase more than 6,800 new airplanes through 2035 to meet fast-growing demand for domestic and international air travel. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 59055505 (Beijing) Yukui.wang@boeing.com Jessica Kowal Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes + 1 206-660-6849 (Seattle) jessica.m.kowal@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-comac-expand-collaboration-on-environmental-efficiency-and-sustainable-growth-300354841.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

null
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Arik Air To Buy Boeing Planes To Double Its Fleet Posted November 1, 2016 11:38 am by admin Comments Nigeria’s largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier’s existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $ 1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa’s biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier’s 10 years of operations. "We plan to … put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air’s home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa’s top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria’s capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Source: http://www.ajayiwrites.com/2016/11/arik-air-to-buy-boeing-planes-to-double.html Nairaland What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Arik Air Resumes Limited Operations Nigeria’s flag carrier, Arik Air, says it will resume limited operations on Sunday, May 3. The Associate Vice President, Marketing... Two Arik Planes Mildly Collide at MMIA | Investigation Launched Two Arik Air planes on Tuesday “brushed” each other while maneuvering out of the apron at the General Aviation Terminal... Arik grounds two aircraft after ground collision Two Boeing 737-800NG aircraft, belonging to Arik Air, were grounded by the carrier on Tuesday afternoon after they were involved... Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded The post Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded appeared first on Vanguard... Air Peace Grows Fleet, to Resume Port -Harcourt Operations   As part of plans to expand its flight operations new entrant in the domestic scene: Air Peace has acquired... Arik Air resumes flight services to Monrovia Arik Air, Nigeria is resuming flight services to Monrovia, Liberia from October 5, 2015   Flights to Monrovia were suspended... Arik, Air France top NCAA chart on passenger complaints reports Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, has released summary reports of complaints received against international and domestic airlines for the months... Nine months after, Arik Air suspends Dubai route Exactly nine months into commencement of direct flight operations from Lagos via Abuja to Dubai, Arik Air yesterday announced suspension... Africa Will Need 22,000 Pilots In 20 Years – Boeing Aircraft manufacturing giant, Boeing, has predicted that Africa will need about 22,000 new pilots and 24,000 new technicians by 2035.... Arik loses $9m to aviation fuel scarcity The scarcity of aviation fuel has taken a huge toll on airline operations with Arik Air declaring on Friday that... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Diaspora   JobsNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9ja   Surebet247TV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Surebet247.com Merrybet.com Bet9ja.com 1960bet.com Nairabet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG (YOruba HAusa IGbo) 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria.
      Latest News Latest Magazine Issue Education Finance Health Infrastructure Management Elections Politics Public Safety Urban Photos Video Events Institute Papers Data About More MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTERS EVENTS WEBINARS INSTITUTE WOMEN IN GOVERNMENT CITY ACCELERATOR PAPERS DEGREES JOBS ABOUT ADVERTISE MORE EDITORIAL Masthead DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos Feedly Pulse PROGRAMS Public Officials of the Year OUR NETWORK Government Technology Emergency Management Public CIO FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education RESOURCES Books Public Sector Jobs Public Sector Degrees INDUSTRY Market Insights Navigator Media Kits COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs FINANCE | HEALTH | INFRASTRUCTURE | MANAGEMENT | ELECTIONS | POLITICS | PUBLIC SAFETY | URBAN | EDUCATION | COMMENTARY | DATA | PHOTOS | VIDEO Finance A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks New rules are forcing states and localities to calculate how much revenue they’re losing to business deals -- and whether they pay off. It’s something Washington state has been doing for a decade. by Liz Farmer | November 2016 (Shutterstock)         Earlier this year, Washington state lawmakers got a wake-up call. A tax incentive package they’d approved in 2013 for aerospace giant Boeing -- largely regarded as the most expensive incentive deal in history -- was actually on pace to surpass its estimated $8.7 billion cost. According to a Department of Revenue report, the deal, which extends to 2040, had already amounted to half a billion dollars in giveaways in just the first two years alone. In other words, the state was losing out on a whole lot more money than it had planned. And the kicker? Just months earlier, Boeing had announced plans to cut roughly 4,000 jobs in Washington. The year before, the company had transferred thousands more jobs out of the state. Some lawmakers were livid, openly contemplating whether the state should consider revoking the tax breaks if the company didn’t add back some jobs. (Boeing, for its part, says it has continued to invest in the state, including $1 billion last year for a plant to build its new 777x aircraft.) But on the whole, response from officials and local media was measured. Most lawmakers said that in the bigger picture, the company was still good for Washington. While “deeply disappointed” in the job losses, state Sen. Reuven Carlyle, who has long pushed for greater transparency in the state’s incentive deals, says he still stands behind the Boeing agreement. “The overall return on investment for taxpayers, including ensuring the future of aviation in our state,” he says, “is overwhelmingly strong by any standard or definition or criteria.” RELATED 3 Things New Disclosure Rules Won't Reveal About Tax Incentives The Complicated Business of Evaluating Tax Incentives Politicians Focus Business Incentives on Catching the Big Fish The fact that Washington lawmakers can even have this conversation puts them at an advantage over most other states’ legislators. In the vast majority of states, officials simply do not know how well their tax incentives programs are working, or how much the deals are actually costing them. They don’t have the data. Washington does, thanks to a tax preference auditing program, already one of the most robust in the nation, that was made even more transparent with the passage of a 2013 law. For the first time, lawmakers and citizens know just how much individual companies receive in tax benefits -- in other words, how much the state gives up in foregone tax revenue from them. Some other states have begun to take a harder look at the incentives they give out. Delaware has initiated a biennial tax preference evaluation. Louisiana takes a yearly look at key incentive programs. Most states, however, just haven’t reported that kind of information with any sort of regularity. But that’s about to change. New nationwide accounting rules now require state and local governments to report all economic development incentives programs -- like Boeing’s -- as foregone tax revenue. Beginning with fiscal 2017’s annual financial reports, the Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) is requiring governments to report things like the total number and value of tax abatements that year, the criteria that businesses must meet, and how the government will get that money back if the goals aren’t achieved (commonly referred to as clawback provisions). Reporting the annual value of these abatements will clearly show their effect on governments’ bottom lines. In terms of transparency, the impact of this accounting shift will be seismic. One reason Washington’s discussion about tax breaks is so intense is because it has an incredibly high number of them compared to other states: nearly 700 separate incentives programs, up from just over 500 a decade ago. But every state has plenty of its own programs. One prominent estimate, calculated by The New York Times in 2012, figured that state and local governments give up more than $80 billion annually in corporate tax breaks. While that estimate includes some measurements that the new accounting rules won’t cover, the new regulations will still highlight billions of dollars that governments forego every year. Washington offers a sneak peek at the debate other states and localities could soon be having. State tax deals are public information, but they tend to trickle out in one-off reports and news headlines; most states don’t collect or report on them annually in any kind of comprehensive way. And few places really review clawback provisions once a deal is in place. Now, lawmakers and citizens everywhere may find themselves engaged in the kinds of conversations that have taken place in Washington state for the past decade, an ongoing attempt to assess whether tax incentives are really worth what states think they are. Washington Gov. Jay Inslee signed a nearly $9 billion tax incentives package for Boeing in 2013. New data suggest the deal may have cost the state even more than that. (AP) States have offered incentives to companies for decades, either to entice them to move there or convince them to stay. The tax breaks have long been public information, but the practice has gotten more scrutiny in recent years because of the growing number of eye-popping deals. Since 2008, the average number per year of deals valued at more than $75 million has doubled, compared to the previous decade, according to Good Jobs First, which follows corporate tax subsidies. Meanwhile, their aggregate annual cost has roughly doubled as well, averaging around $5 billion. In addition to the Boeing deal, the list includes Nevada’s $1.25 billion tax break that wooed Tesla Motors in 2014 and an income tax break Oregon awarded to Nike in 2012 worth approximately $2 billion over 30 years. Critics debate whether these deals are good policy -- or whether they even really work. Some say they’re simply a Band-Aid approach to compensate for a government tax structure that isn’t business-friendly. Others say that the incentives don’t actually result in any net economic gain because corporations simply move around like pieces on a chess board. One example of that futility is in metropolitan Kansas City, which straddles Kansas and Missouri. The two states have long competed against each other to woo businesses across the state line -- AMC Theatres, Applebee’s and JP Morgan Retirement are just a few businesses that have crossed the border in recent years. But whether or not incentives are smart policy, it’s been difficult for most states to even say whether they achieved what they were supposed to, thanks to a lack of transparency and accountability on the deals. Greg LeRoy, Good Jobs First’s executive director, says he often holds up Washington state as a good example of accountability, particularly for its history of annual reports on its tax incentive programs. Regular performance auditing came to Washington state in 2005 via a citizens’ ballot initiative directed at the state auditor's office. A year later, legislators decided to require similar audits of Washington’s tax preferences program and tasked the legislative audit office with the job. The legislative audit office typically evaluates about 25 tax incentive programs each year, looking at the stated purpose of the program and determining whether or not it’s meeting that goal. The office then presents its recommendation to a seven-member citizen commission, which hears public testimony on the audit. Both the audit office and the citizen commission present their findings to the legislature. This process has led to real changes in Olympia over the past decade. On 12 occasions, either the audit office or the citizen commission has recommended that legislators get rid of a certain tax break; on nine of those occasions, the lawmakers agreed. They also terminated two other programs and allowed an additional eight to expire based on audit findings. One of those was a high-tech research and development tax credit for capital investment and operating expenditures. The audit team, working with outside economists, analyzed how many new jobs could actually be attributed to the credits. “The basic finding,” says legislative auditor Keenan Konopaski, “is this preference does create some jobs, but the job effect is not very big. It provided a solid piece of information, and I think that was enough to start a debate on, ‘Is it worth the price tag?’” The audits were making a difference, but they also unearthed a consistent problem: It’s hard to track the progress of a program when lawmakers don’t outline what the intended effect is supposed to be. More than a third of the tax incentive audits simply recommended that lawmakers go back and clarify what it was a given program was supposed to achieve. “In many cases we were pretty lazy in past years, rubber-stamping a company’s request” for a tax break, says Sen. Carlyle, who was the author of the state’s tax break transparency law. “We didn’t have vigor.” For the audit process to have real teeth, it was clear to Carlyle that the state needed more transparency and specificity regarding its expectations of what companies where supposed to deliver in exchange for their tax breaks. He pushed through his 2013 bill, which requires lawmakers to outline what the expectations are for any future tax incentive program. It also meant, for the first time, that incentive data would be linked to specific companies, which led to the new disclosures about Boeing from the state Department of Revenue. “Transparency categorically changes the conversation to, ‘What’s the value and return on investment?’” Carlyle says. “In other words: Does the damn thing work?” That’s a question most states can’t answer right now. In most places, once the ink is dry on tax deals, they’re rarely tracked with any consistency. Back in 2000, Good Jobs First released a report that looked at 122 audits of state economic development programs in 44 states. It found that auditors were having trouble doing their jobs because “they are hampered by lack of data and objectives.” Things have improved somewhat since then, says LeRoy, but it’s been a painstakingly slow process. Massachusetts, for example, has been particularly slow at revealing any information about the hundreds of millions of dollars it foregoes each year. For the last half-decade, Massachusetts State Auditor Suzanne Bump has tried -- so far unsuccessfully -- to get the authority to see business tax returns so she can audit the effectiveness of incentives programs. Now that governments will be required to report on their tax breaks with greater transparency, they could start to look more like Washington -- to a point. The new rule, known as GASB 77, doesn’t require governments to analyze their tax programs, as Washington does. And states won’t have to report tax giveaways on an individual company basis, as Washington has begun doing. And the rule doesn’t necessarily mean that the lost tax revenue will have any bearing on budget discussions. Even Washington doesn’t use the information in budgeting very often, except during times of shortfalls or funding crises. But GASB 77 does require states to tally up all their incentives as lost revenue. And it does call for reporting clawbacks: Officials must outline what their expectations are when a tax break is offered, and if those expectations aren’t met, the tax incentive may be revoked. Governments without a history of tax break transparency will likely have sticker shock when the full impact of their foregone tax revenue is released. States like Washington, says LeRoy, are better positioned. “States where they have already had the big debates will perhaps be out the gate sooner,” he says. “They are certainly more prepared to take advantage when the data comes online.” The full impact of these incentives will hit most governments beginning later next year when fiscal 2017 reports are released. But it will likely take a few years for the data to sink in, as it did in Washington. It’s important to remember that the evolution in Olympia was a 10-year process: tax program audits that led to greater transparency, which led to more specific clawback provisions and expectations with company-specific reporting. That will likely be the pace for other states going forward, even those that want to move quickly on tax transparency. And none of this necessarily means states will come to see tax incentives as a bad idea. Indeed, as the conversation in Washington has matured over the past decade, many people have taken a more measured view of tax breaks. Rather than eyeing them suspiciously as giveaways, the release of regular information has allowed lawmakers -- and to some extent the public -- to see them as an investment. That, says GASB chair David A. Vaudt, is the whole point of requiring incentives reporting: to provide a truer, fuller picture of a government’s financial health. Officials will be able to see tax breaks as not just one-offs, but as investments that impact their bottom line. It’s also up to each government to decide what to do with the new information. But eventually, lawmakers everywhere could be asking the same questions those in Olympia are now: Was our investment worth the price? *CORRECTION: The original version of this story suggested that Washington's tax incentives audits program was a result of the 2005 ballot initiative on performance auditing. In fact, those were separate efforts. This story has been updated. Liz Farmer  |  lfarmer@governing.com  |  @LizFarmerTweets       0 comments Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. You can enter an anonymous Display Name or connect to a social profile. FEATURED RESOURCES Sponsored Content The Digital Transformation of Public Administration The Anatomy of an Oil Boom and Bust An OPEB Exit Strategy: How to Eliminate Your Retiree Health Care Liabilities and Costs Learn How One Agency Finished its Budget a Month Early The Path to Collaborative Budgeting LATEST FINANCE HEADLINES Christie Amasses More Downgrades Than Any Other U.S. Governor 7 hours ago Cook County, Home of Chicago, Becomes Largest Locale With a Soda Tax 1 day ago A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks 1 day ago What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for State and Local Finances and More 4 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 5 days ago New Jersey Assumes Control of Atlantic City's Government 5 days ago MORE NEWS More from Finance LOAD MORE ARTICLES FEATURED RESOURCES Sponsored Content The Digital Transformation of Public Administration The Anatomy of an Oil Boom and Bust An OPEB Exit Strategy: How to Eliminate Your Retiree Health Care Liabilities and Costs Learn How One Agency Finished its Budget a Month Early The Path to Collaborative Budgeting HIGHLIGHTS Sponsored Content Connecting Anoka County: Five Steps to Improve Management Reporting Four Tips for Aligning Capital Planning Across the Organization Risk-Based Analysis of Financial Reserves Six Hidden Benefits of Financial Transparency Three Things Governments Must Teach Their Next Leaders LATEST FINANCE HEADLINES Christie Amasses More Downgrades Than Any Other U.S. Governor 7 hours ago Cook County, Home of Chicago, Becomes Largest Locale With a Soda Tax 1 day ago A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks 1 day ago What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for State and Local Finances and More 4 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 5 days ago New Jersey Assumes Control of Atlantic City's Government 5 days ago MORE NEWS Finance writer Liz Farmer's roundup of money (and other) news governments can use. © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise You May Also Like 3 Things New Disclosure Rules Won't Reveal About Tax Incentives
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China proudly debuts its new stealth jet it built 'by hacking into US computers and stealing plans' Two of the stealth planes carried out a flyby demonstration at an air show Analysts said the brief and cautious J-20 routine answered few questions Previous reports claimed the design was similar to US fighter planes   Earlier this year Chinese national, Su Bin, 51, was sent to prison for his part in stealing US military plans, include plans for the F-35 and F-22 fighter jets But experts say it is too early to tell if the J-20 matches the capabilities of American fighter planes By Ryan O'Hare for MailOnline and Reuters Published: 06:57 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 12:05 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail 10k shares 312 View comments China's controversial stealth jet has made its first flyby, giving the public and media a glimpse of the aircraft believed to be a copy of America's F-22 and built using hacked US military blueprints. Taking to the skies at the airshow in the southern city of Zhuhai, in Guangdong province, the J-20 stealth fighter passed by onlookers in a thunderous demonstration. The aircraft is believed to have been built in part from plans of US war planes, obtained by Chinese hackers jailed earlier this year – a claim which Beijing has firmly denied. Military analysts have said it is still too early to tell if the jet matches the capabilities of the US F-22 Raptor. Scroll down for video    China's newest warplane, the J-20 stealth fighter, made its first public flight at an airshow in the southern city of Zhuhai. It bears an uncanny resemblance to US military's F-22 Raptor Copy-cat? Pictured above is America's F-22 which shares a similar design to the J-20. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade After arriving as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. 'I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility', said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. 'Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section'. A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. 'It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, 'and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride'. But the fighter jet's development has been controversial, embroiled in claims of espionage.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Canary Islands chosen as a backup site for troubled... Streaming instead of dreaming: Using phones and tablets... Batteries just aren't keeping up: Some modern smartphones... What its really like to live in space: Stunning 4K video... Share this article Share 10k shares Chinese national Su Bin admitted in a plea agreement with US authorities to conspiring with two unnamed military officers in China to try to acquire plans for F-22 and F-35 fighter jets and Boeing's C-17 military transport aircraft. He was sentenced to just under four years. Pictured at the Chinese airshow is the new J-20 Spot the difference: America's F-22 (pictured)  shares many identical features FIRST LOOK AT THE J-20 STEALTH FIGHTER  Today's flypast marks the first public flight for China's new war plane. The fighter jet is swift, stealthy, and armed with long-range missiles. Its design is similar to US fighter jets, stoking concerns that the Chinese military used 'stolen' plans obtained by hackers to develop the stealth plane and further drive its military ambitions. Experts have said that the plane represents a leap forward in China's ability to project power in Asia, and will compete with US military technology. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.    Earlier this year, a Chinese national, 51-year-old Su Bin, was sent to prison for his part in stealing US military plans and sending documents to Beijing. The documents were reported to include plans for the F-35 and F-22 fighter jets, which would have enabled the Chinese military to rapidly catch up with US capabilities.  Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, has offered Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions.  China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.  Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fueled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by plane spotters in 2010.  Experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington.  Cao Qingfeng, an aircraft engineer watching the flypast, said the 'stunning' display was a show of China's strengthening aircraft industry and manufacturing - and Western officials agreed. 'This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public,' said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. 'This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves,' he added.  Despite the impressive show of aerial military might, some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. CHINA'S J-20  Top speed: 1,305 mph Range: 2,113 mi Length: 67′ Wingspan: 42′ 0″ Weight: 43,000 lbs Engine Type: Xian WS-15 turbofan engines Cost: $110m  Manufacturer: Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group AMERICA'S F-22  Top speed: 1,498 mph Range: 1,839 mi Length: 62′ Wingspan: 44′ 0″ Weight: 43,430 lbs Engine type: Pratt & Whitney F119 Cost: $130m  Manufacturers: Boeing Defense, Space & Security, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Two of the J-20 jets flew over dignitaries, industry executives and spectators and gathered at the show's opening ceremony during a 60-second flypast (pictured)  In this image made from video, the J-20 stealth fighter pulls a sharp incline to a a crowd of spectators and dignitaries at the Zhuhai airshow The demonstration flight of the two J-20 stealth jets generated a deafening roar, setting off alarms of parked cars at the site CHINESE HACKERS TARGET US MILITARY  In July this year, a Chinese national was sentenced in Los Angeles to three years and 10 months in prison for hacking US defense contractors to steal trade secrets on Beijing's behalf. Su Bin, 51, who went by the names Stephen Su and Stephen Subin, was also ordered by a federal judge to pay a $10,000 fine. Su in March had admitted in a plea agreement with US authorities to conspiring with two unnamed military officers in China to try to acquire plans for F-22 and F-35 fighter jets and Boeing's C-17 military transport aircraft. According to court documents, the trio managed to steal sensitive data by hacking into the computer networks of major defense contractors and sent the information to China.  Washington and Beijing have repeatedly clashed over what the US describes as rampant cyberspying by the Chinese government on US industry.  Other aircraft scheduled to be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones include the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production, the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent from the airshow schedule is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Europe's Airbus Group and Boeing Co of the United States, the rivals who dominate the global supply of airliners. The 150-seater C919 is scheduled to stage an often-delayed maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will now slip to 2017 - three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show.   The air show showcased China's aerial strength. Along with the latest J-20 stealth jet will be the seven-strong J-10 fighter jets of China's Bayi Aerobatic Team (pictured) The airshow, in Zhuhai, south China's Guangdong Province, will provide a platform for Beijing to flex its long-range military muscle to the public and watching nations around the world. Pictured are the J-10 jets of the Bayi Aerobatic Team at Zhuhai airport China's only international aerospace exhibition, held biennially in the southern city of Zhuhai, this year boasts its largest-ever display of military hardware and aircraft, with 11 exhibition halls, 430,000 square metres of indoor and outdoor viewing area, and 151 aircraft from 700 exhibitors from 42 countries and regions.  China is aggressively moving to develop its domestic weapons industry, from drones and anti-aircraft systems to homegrown jet engines and hypersonic planes. Beijing has previously been accused of copying designs from Russian fighters, and analysts say its J-31 stealth fighter is very similar to the US-developed F-35.  China's military focus on stealth technology remains a key issue for Beijing. Earlier this month, leaked images emerged of the military's enormous stealth warship, currently under construction at the Jiangnan Changxing shipyards. Known as a Type 005 destroyer, the vessel is believed to be armed with electromagnetic railguns capable of shooting down missiles and firing on land targets. It was also reported in September that a Chinese firm claimed to have developed radar technology capable of detecting stealth jets (stock image used) The leaked images revealed the battle ship's progress, with signs of portals on the stern for sensors and weapons and up to 128 vertical launch system cells for missiles. It was also reported in September that a Chinese firm claimed to have developed radar technology capable of detecting stealth jets. Called the quantum radar, the technology was reportedly created by Intelligent Perception Technology, a branch of defence and electronics firm CETC. They firm claims it is capable of detecting a target at a range of 60 miles and was successfully tested last month. China has pushed for dominance in the South China Sea, following a number of contentious claims over who owns territory in the region.  The two major island chains in the region, the Spratlys and the Paracels, have become central to the international argument, causing tensions to rise. Vietnam, Taiwan, Malaysia, Brunei and the Philippines all have claims on the region, but China has surged ahead with expansive military operations, including the building of its own islands in disputed spots to stake its claim and bolster a military presence. CHINA'S WARSHIP TO BE A 'GAME CHANGER' Asia's most powerful warship has been shrouded in mystery since construction began last year at the Jiangnan Changxing shipyards. Called Type 005 destroyer, this vessel is said to be armed with electromagnetic railguns that can shoot down missiles and attack land targets (pictured is an artist impression of Type 005) Leaked images show the Type 005 destroyer should launch late 2017 or early 2018. It has a full displacement of over 14,000 tons. And the images show the bow and stern are finished. Now, leaked images give a glimpse of the battle ship's progress, which reveals four portals on the stern for sensors and weapons and up to 128 vertical launch system cells for missiles (pictured is an artist impression of Type 005) The bow area appears to be extremely hydrodynamic hull, endure high speeds, have stealth capabilities and is fitted with an enclosed deck. And the stern is where the creators packed all of the technology. This area has at least four sections that hold sensors and weapons like towed array sonar, variable depth sonar, towed torpedo decoys and active torpedo defenses. Because the ship is 175 meters long and is built with large displacement, the Type 005 will be capable of carry numerous helicopters at once and other technologies such as drones and underwater vehicles.  Read more: Chinese national Su Bin jailed for hacking US defense firms and passing data to Beijing | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 10k shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tuesday, November 1, 2016  |  Safar 1, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A Boeing 737 Arik Air aeroplane at the local airport in Lagos, Nigeria. The country's biggest carrier plans to double its fleet. Akintunde Akinleye / Reuters Nigerian airline to double fleet with Middle East routes on the radar November 1, 2016 Updated: November 1, 2016 11:27 AM Related WestJet beats expectations on profit Emirates to suspend Dubai-Abuja flights For business travellers in Africa, a ‘local’ service is not enough Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East Etihad signs codeshare deal with South African budget airline kulula Topics: Boeing Nigeria’s largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said. Most of the carrier’s existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the US jet maker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to US$1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa’s biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," said the managing director Chris Ndulue in Lagos marking the carrier’s 10 years of operations. "We plan to … put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air’s home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa’s top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria’s capital Abuja by next month. Mr Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline to generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria’s naira currency has increased the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. * Reuters business@thenational.ae​ Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related WestJet beats expectations on profit Emirates to suspend Dubai-Abuja flights For business travellers in Africa, a ‘local’ service is not enough Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device More Most Viewed Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
null


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's domestic travel boom brings rush of start-up airlines, jet orders By Reuters Published: 19:05 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 19:05 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China's appetite for planes and pilots is building up, whetted by a slew of new airlines launched in the last three years as local governments, private firms and larger carriers fight for a share of the country's fast-growing domestic travel market. More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing's aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airlines licences in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe's Airbus Group, U.S. giant Boeing Co and Embraer SA of Brazil. Such breakneck expansion might give cause for alarm in mature aviation markets. But China's new breed of carrier is focusing on second and third-tier Chinese cities that have gleaming, newly built airports that helped stoke an 8.2 percent rise in domestic China passenger traffic in 2015, according to the International Air Transport Association. While state carriers like Air China , China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines dominate for now, the newcomers have deep-pocketed backers like conglomerate HNA Group, plus support from local authorities as well as Air China itself. "By 2020 we want to have 40-50 planes," said Lan Yu, brand manager at Guangxi Beibu Gulf Airlines, a newcomer set up by the government of southwestern Guangxi province and Tianjin Airlines in 2015. Tianjin Airlines is a unit of HNA, an aviation and shipping giant with more than $100 billion in assets that itself is expanding fast into the hotel trade overseas. Guangxi Beibu will fly 13 Embraer E190 regional jets and three Airbus A320s to 28 Chinese cities by the end of 2016, Lan said. With average seat occupancy of more than 90 percent since flights began, Lan said the carrier was already profitable. Aircraft makers like Boeing welcome the newcomers, provided they are financially sound. "We obviously look a little more closely at new airlines to make sure we account for the risk, but we're not seeing any issues with the ones that have started up in China," said Darren Hulst, Boeing Commercial Airplane's managing director of marketing for Northeast Asia. "We assess the funding that they have, the access to financing that they have, and then from a going-concern perspective, some of these carriers that have started, how are they performing, are they generating profits?" PRICE WAR? As well as the newcomers already up and running, at least another 10 airlines have applied for air operator certificates, according to company statements and local media reports. At the end of last year, China had 48 passenger airlines, up from 36 at the end of 2012, according to data from the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). Along with racking up aircraft orders, the new airlines are also advertising pay packages up to 50 percent higher than their established rivals as they find it tougher to lure staff, said general manager of Hong Kong-based crew recruitment firm Smile Aviation Sherrie Luo. Hongtu Airlines, based in the southwestern city of Kunming, is offering Airbus A320 pilots monthly salaries of up to $25,500, according to advertisements on Smile Aviation's website. Pilots heading to China Eastern can expect up to $18,500 a month. Some industry experts caution that China's blossoming aviation market runs the risk of a price war, as the CAAC relaxes restrictions to allow airlines to set ticket prices for more routes. "Some of the airlines may lower their pricing drastically to get the competition out of the route so they can maintain market share," said Bjarki Arnason, head of Shanghai-based consultancy AviAsia. "The competition can be pretty fierce in this environment." Still, Arnason said, Beijing will be vigilant to protect its growing industry. "I doubt that the government will actually allow that (a price war) to happen." ($1 = 6.7367 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional reporting by SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet: source Boeing 737-7BD Arik Air aeroplane is seen parked on the tarmac at the local airport in Lagos. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, November 1, 2016 LAGOS - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing <BA.N>, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United <UAL.N> and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates <EMIRA.UL> and Kenya Airways <KQNA.NR> have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Wed 16 Nov 2016 | 0:26 GMT You are here: Home > Investing > Article Home News Investing Markets Metals & Mining Energy & Oil Agricultural Commodities Quotes Currencies Video AlertNet Humanitarian News About Thomson Reuters Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source Mon Oct 31, 2016 7:31pm GMT   Print | Single Page [-] Text [+] By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). [nL8N1CQ69E] Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. [nL8N1CP3CD]   Continued... View article on single page Market Update Africa US Europe Asia Currencies UK £ USD =1.2444 Euro USD =1.0721 Rand USD =0.0706 af.reuters.com:  Help and Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet: source By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha ReutersOctober 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A Boeing 737-7BD Arik Air aeroplane is seen parked on the tarmac at the local airport in Lagos November 2, 2012. REUTERS/Akintunde AkinleyeMore By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing , a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Boko Haram warns Donald Trump: 'War is just beginning' International Business Times UK Nigerian Shiites claim child shot dead in clashes with police AFP Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order Reuters New MSF survey: Thousands of kids dying in northeast Nigeria Associated Press Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet GeekWire Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video The Latest: Mayor resignation for racist post reply accepted Associated Press Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Mergatroyd: High school students don't walk out of class because of their political beliefs. They walk out of class because they want to get out of class Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.6k Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff How soaring bond yields are going to affect everyone: NYSE trader Yahoo Finance Video Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source By Reuters Published: 14:29 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 14:29 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS, Oct 31 (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The future of air travel (and not a runway in sight) Boeing reveals 100 passenger plane that takes off like a helicopter then transforms into a traditional aircraft Boeing's patent shows a craft that rotates its rotors for different functions Each can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing Or the rotors can be positioned like propellers during flight  It will be a commercial plane, a personal craft or used by the military By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 15:15 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail 75 shares 48 View comments Boeing has revealed the first plans for a radical passenger version of the vertical takeoff and landing craft currently used by the military.  The firm's latest patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or like propellers for flying. However, unlike the smaller military version, Boeing's latest idea can also carry 100 passengers as a commercial plane.   Scroll down for video  Boeing's patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or like propellers for flying. It would be used as a commercial plane, as a personal aircraft or reconfigured for military purposes WHAT THE PATENT SAYS Boeing's latest patent shows an aircraft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or propellers for flying. The patent reveals that the firm plans to use four engines to power the tilt-rotors, which are all placed on the wing.  Boeing’s design also moves the engines away from the rotor nacelles towards the middle of the wings, instead of fixing them at the tip. This allows the rotors to each be powered by two or more engines through a single gearbox. This innovation could be used as a regional commercial plane carrying 100 passengers, a personal aircraft or be designed for military purposes. The patent was filed in June 2015 and has finally be awarded two years later. DailyMail.com has contacted Boeing about plans to begin production and has yet to hear a response. Called ‘Tilt-rotor vertical-lift aircraft’, this document describes ‘an aircraft that includes a fuselage with a higher portion and a lower portion,’ the patent reads. ‘The aircraft also includes two fixed wings that are coupled to and extend from opposing sides of the lower portion of the fuselage.’ ‘Additionally, the aircraft includes a tilt-rotor assembly that is coupled to each of the two fixed wings.’ The idea of Vertical Take-off and Landing (VTOL) aircraft have been around for thousands of years – sketches were found in Leonardo da Vinci’s book that exhibit this type of technology. However, both Boeing and the military are not newcomers to using this type of technology. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Army vehicles could have laser weapons to shoot down enemy... Vine co-founders launch their next app after admitting they... Spinach really IS a super food! Modified leaves are... 'Macho makes you sick': Flabby, older fathers are healthier,... Share this article Share 75 shares Boeing and the US military worked on the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey (pictured(, which is a tilt-rotor military aircraft with both VTOL, and short takeoff and landing (STOL) capabilities.The final product hit the sky in 1989, but it wasn’t fully introduced until 2007 The team worked on the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey, which is a tilt-rotor military aircraft with both VTOL, and short takeoff and landing (STOL) capabilities. It was the failure of the Iran hostage rescue mission in 1980 that created the need for a new type of aircraft, which could not only take off and land vertically but also could carry combat troops and do so at speed. Boeing's patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing (pictured). It would be used as a commercial plane, as a personal aircraft or reconfigured for military purposes Boeing may be designing a new aircraft that operates like two different types of aerial vehicles. The craft would position its rotors in different positions depending on the circumstance. For example, the rotors will turn into propellers (pictured) during flight  And the final product hit the sky in 1989, but it wasn’t fully introduced until 2007. However, the V-22 has a high-wing configuration that requires more support, maintenance and makes fueling difficult. The patent reveals that the Boeing plans to use four engines in order to power the tilt-rotors, which are all placed on the wing and not integrated into the rotors like the V-22. Boeing’s design also moves the engines away from the rotor nacelles, where they are positioned on the tip, and  towards the middle of the wings. This allows the rotors to each be powered by two or more engines through a single gearbox, reports New Atlas. ‘The mid-wing gearbox is positioned within the fuselage between the wings,’ reads that patent. The patent reveals that the Boeing plans to use four engines (figures 140)  in order to power the tilt-rotors. Having one gearbox power multiple rotors lets them be much more compact and if one is to fail, the others are able to pick up the slack ‘Generally, the mid-wing gearbox includes gears and/or other components that regulate and evenly distribute mechanical rotational energy between the opposing section of the power transmission system’. Having one gearbox power multiple rotors lets them be much more compact and if one is to fail, the others are able to pick up the slack.    Read more: Boeing lands patent for VTOL passenger plane Share or comment on this article e-mail 75 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > Boeing, lessor Intrepid delivers first 777-300ER to PAL Boeing, lessor Intrepid delivers first 777-300ER to PAL Oct 31, 2016 Kurt Hofmann EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Philippine Airlines 777-300ER Boeing Related Media Gallery: Onboard EVA Air's Boeing 777-300ER Advertisement Boeing has delivered Intrepid Aviation’s first direct ordered Boeing 777-300ER, which will be leased and operated by Philippine Airlines (PAL). This aircraft is the first of four 777-300ERs ordered by the Stamford, Connecticut-based lessor. “This 777 delivery to Philippine Airlines underlines Intrepid’s continuous focus on investment into new aircraft on long-term leases with well established, strong airlines worldwide,” Intrepid CEO Olaf Sachau said.  PAL plans to use the new aircraft primarily on routes to North America. The carrier is scheduled to take a second 777-300ER from Intrepid before the end of the year. “The 777 has become our standard for passenger comfort, deployed on our long-haul routes,” PAL president and COO Jaime Bautista said. “It is the pivotal equipment that will propel us to our corporate vision of becoming a five-star airline.” Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Lessor Intrepid Aviation cancels two Boeing 777-300ERs, buys two 747-8Fs   Air Lease Corp. takes delivery of first Boeing 777-300ER   EVA Air takes delivery of first 777-300ER with new livery   BOC Aviation orders eight Boeing 777-300ERs for lease to Thai Airways   TAM orders four 777-300ERs, doubles third-quarter profit   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Technology Stories» Pokemon Go Could Revolutionize Disaster Relief Smartphone Residue Says a Lot About You—Really, a Lot Apple's Book: A $300 'Gentle Gathering' of Product Photos Bookstore to Customers: Put Your Phone Away Google, Facebook Crack Down on Fake News Samsung Just Dropped $8B to Take You for a Drive Pence Goes to Court to Protect Emails Hack Exposes 412M Accounts at Adult Sites Your Milk May Soon Come From Cows That Can Text Secrets of Mysterious Silicon Valley Company Revealed Facebook to Users: Sorry About Glitch That Killed You Zuckerberg: Fake News on Facebook Didn't Impact Election Technology / Boeing Go to Grid|Next Story Boeing May Dramatically Change the Way We Fly Patent calls for passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Oct 29, 2016 1:46 PM CDT 29 comments Comments Boeing secured a patent this week for a commercial passenger plane with tilt-rotors that would allow for vertical takeoff and landing.   (US Patent and Trademark Office)Boeing secured a patent this week for a commercial passenger plane with tilt-rotors that would allow for vertical takeoff and landing.   (US Patent and Trademark Office) (Newser) – If a patent secured by Boeing this week is any indication, the company is eyeing a major change in the way travelers fly. The Seattle Times reports the patent details a passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically like a helicopter via tilting rotors. The rotors—horizontal for takeoff and landing—rotate to become propellers during flight. Boeing was one of two developers behind the military's similar V-22 Osprey, which went into service in 2007. However, the Osprey can only carry up to 24 soldiers. And a prototype for a commercial plane that takes off and lands vertically from Bell—the other developer of the Osprey—can only carry nine passengers, according to Business Insider. Boeing's patent calls for a plane that carries 100 passengers. There are other major differences between the Osprey and the plane shown in Boeing's patent. Boeing's plane would have four engines housed in its wings instead of two engines housed in the tilt-rotors themselves. This means less structural reinforcement is necessary. The wings are also positioned lower than the Osprey's, closer to a traditional commercial plane's, in order to make maintenance and fueling easier. A passenger plane that takes off and lands like a helicopter could allow for more regional commercial flights to leave from small airfields, New Atlas reports. But it's unclear if Boeing actually plans to build the new plane. "Boeing files tons of patents, so this might not even come to fruition," a Boeing spokesperson tells Business Insider. "I'm not saying it won't." (The design could have saved Mike Pence a scare last week.) Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 56% Intriguing 1% Depressing 23% Brilliant 6% Scary 10% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 29 comments Next on Newser: The Bubbles in Seltzer Water Are Tricking You Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 29 comments LoLzS Oct 31, 2016 11:42 AM CDT No, is this not boeings own military design that the government has allowed them now to use for public & commercial design... Oh, wait was that a secret? Eastwind 7 Oct 30, 2016 4:30 AM CDT Boeing could call it the Bad Dream Liner. GodSAveAmerica Oct 29, 2016 11:02 PM CDT That's gonna be fun; looking out the window with the props whizzing by inches away and the day will come when they come loose and we have puree passengers. View all 29 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Our Pennies Have Ruined Ben Franklin's Grave 1 Clinton Wins New Hampshire 2 UVa Staff, Students to President: Stop Quoting Jefferson 3 Steve Bannon Is 'Terrifying Man' Who 'Wants to Burn It All Down': Glenn Beck 4 It's Shake-Up No. 2 for the Trump Transition Team 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Mike Pence Donates Thousands to Planned Parenthood (But He Didn’t) Chicago ‘Always Will Be A Sanctuary City’ for Undocumented Immigrants, Says Mayor Alec Baldwin Is Done Playing Trump On SNL Before the C-Section, There Was This Barbaric Practice Britney Spears Won That Mannequin Challenge Thing The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy The Secret Dark Side of Facebook You Might Not Know About Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Airlines Announce Lower Fares, New Features Nassau County Cops Honored For Taking Down Murder Suspect After Brooklyn Chase Federal Recommendations For Heart Disease Prevention Could Cause Spike In... Go to CBS Local Is Donald Trump Israel's New BFF? Reveling in the Banter of Three Middle-Aged British Dudes These Might Be the Strangest Ice Cream Flavors Ever Go to Ozy Rand Paul: Will Donald Trump betray voters by hiring John Bolton? We’ve lost this Grand Ole Opry star far too young Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Go to Rare 9 Cool Tech Gifts That Won't Cost an Arm and a Leg The Ashley Graham Barbie Has Thighs That Touch (Like Most of Us) 3 Times You Need to Speak Up for Yourself Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site

Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Liquid Robotics and Boeing Demonstrated Groundbreaking Autonomous Maritime Warfare Capabilities at the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior Demonstration / Unmanned Surface Vehicles autonomously detected and tracked a live submarine BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 31.10.2016 | 10:01 (24 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Liquid Robotics and Boeing Demonstrated Groundbreaking Autonomous Maritime Warfare Capabilities at the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior Demonstration / Unmanned Surface Vehicles autonomously detected and tracked a live submarine SUNNYVALE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/31/16 -- Liquid Robotics®, the leader in long-duration, unmanned surface vehicles (USVs), and Boeing® have for the first time used a network of persistent USVs to detect, report and track a live submarine in a naval demonstration. Four Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft (SHARCs®) were deployed off the coast of Northern Scotland during the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior 2016 demonstration. The autonomous surface vehicles used advanced Boeing acoustic sensors in the live anti-submarine warfare (ASW) mission. Over the two-week demonstration, the SHARCs successfully detected and tracked an advancing unmanned underwater vehicle and most significantly -- a manned diesel submarine. The SHARCs provided detailed and actionable intelligence to commanders through more than 100 automated contact reports, proving the USVs efficacy to autonomously conduct ASW missions and exchange data in real time. "The Boeing and Liquid Robotics team are redefining the state of the art for autonomous maritime warfare," said Kory Mathews, Vice President, Autonomous Systems for Boeing Defense, Space & Security. "Our work during Unmanned Warrior demonstrates without a doubt the practicality of using autonomous systems to provide real-time actionable intelligence to our warfighters." In addition to the ASW mission, two SHARCs equipped with meteorological and oceanographic sensors were deployed to the North Atlantic to gather data that ultimately contributed to sensor prediction models for Unmanned Warrior and Joint Warrior, a major bi-annual collective training exercise also hosted by the Royal Navy. The SHARCs operated 24/7 in harsh conditions unfavorable for manned operations -- waves in excess of 6.6 meters and winds of more than 60 knots -- to autonomously provide real-time data on the weather and ocean conditions critical to the safe operation of the Unmanned Warrior systems. "Together, Liquid Robotics and Boeing achieved a groundbreaking milestone in unmanned maritime warfare," said Gary Gysin, President & Chief Executive Officer, Liquid Robotics. "We proved that SHARCs can augment the tedious and dangerous task of continuous maritime surveillance by our warfighters and provide critical real-time intelligence to commanders." About Liquid Robotics: Liquid Robotics designs and manufactures the SHARC (Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft) Wave Glider platform. The Wave Glider and SHARC are wave and solar-powered unmanned surface vehicles. With our partners we address many of the planet's greatest challenges, by transforming how to assess, monitor, and protect the ocean. We solve critical problems for defense, commercial, and science customers. Visit http://www.liquid-robotics.com to learn more. Liquid Robotics, SHARC, and Wave Glider are registered trademarks of Liquid Robotics, Inc. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3073824 For media questions, please contact: Joanne Masters Email Contact © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Travel & Tourism Article travel Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands in Riyadh 31 October, 2016 31 October 2016 ETIHAD Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched Sunday with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Advertisement Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on Nov. 1. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few. “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED2,350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until Nov. 30, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective Nov. 1, 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from Dec. 1, 2016. © The Saudi Gazette 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home Industry Companies COMAC, Chinese planemaker, chases Xi Jinping’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing COMAC, Chinese planemaker, chases Xi Jinping’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. By: Bloomberg | Published: October 31, 2016 10:51 AM The Zhuhai Air Show will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. (Reuters) China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program — the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 — COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Good Case “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft — hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear, according to COMAC, which estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan ($96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3 Nitin Gadkari announces 25 driving centres for Jharkhand  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Boeing Finalizes $1.32 Bln Order For Five 787-9 Dreamliners From Donghai BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 01.11.2016 | 15:23 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Boeing Finalizes $1.32 Bln Order For Five 787-9 Dreamliners From Donghai CHICAGO (dpa-AFX) - Boeing Co. (BA) and Donghai Airlines announced the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at $1.32 billion at current list prices. Shenzhen-based Donghai Airlines announced its intent to order 25 737 MAX 8s and five 787-9 Dreamliners in July at the Farnborough International Airshow. Today's 787-9 order comes just weeks after the carrier finalized its 737 MAX 8 order last month. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Boeing gets $80 million option for Apache helicopter work Modification covers peroformance-based logistics program for components and services. By Geoff Ziezulewicz   |   Nov. 1, 2016 at 11:32 AM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Nov. 1 (UPI) -- Boeing has received an $80 million U.S. Army contract modification to execute a year two option for work on Apache helicopters. The deal will cover the continuation of Apache Helicopter performance-based logistics for D-unique, D/E common and E-unique components, supplies and services. Work will be performed in Arizona and has an estimated completion date of October 2017. The Army Contracting Command is the contracting entity. The Apache is an advanced multirole combat helicopter manufactured by Boeing. Boeing has delivered more than 2,200 of the helicopters to global customers. The first of the helicopters was delivered to the U.S. Army in 1984, with international customers now including Egypt, Greece, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, The Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories State Dept. approves missile warning system sale to Egypt ATEC to develop advanced Army helicopter engine capability Lockheed Martin upgrading Apache helicopter targeting sensor U.S. Army's future helicopter engine moves forward Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 8 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 9 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Upgraded telecommunications network for Marines 10 hours ago PITTSBURGH, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Technology solutions provider Black Box Corporation is to upgrade and expand the Marine Corps' telecommunications network architecture and systems. Leonardo-Finmeccanica demonstrates C-27J capabilities 1 day ago ROME, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Leonardo-Finmeccanica began its demonstration tour for the C-27J Spartan tactical airlifter in Latin America. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners By Published: Nov 1, 2016 10:01 a.m. ET Share Chinese carrier to become newest 787 Dreamliner operator SHENZHEN, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Donghai Airlines announced today the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at $1.32 billion at current list prices.   Shenzhen-based Donghai Airlines announced its intent to order 25 737 MAX 8s and five 787-9 Dreamliners in July at the Farnborough International Airshow. Today's 787-9 order comes just weeks after the carrier finalized its 737 MAX 8 order last month. "Donghai Airlines has undergone steady development over the past 10 years since the beginning of our freighter operations in 2006," said Wong Cho-Bau, Chairman, Donghai Airlines. "Under China's One Belt One Road initiative, we will accelerate our fleet expansion plan to satisfy the rapidly growing air travel market and help build our home base Shenzhen as the transportation hub in southern China. Introducing these new next-generation airplanes that deliver the industry-leading fuel efficiency and passenger comfort in their segment market will be a key effort for us to fulfill the plan." "We are honored to welcome Donghai Airlines as our new 787 customer," said Ihssane Mounir, senior vice president, Sales, Northeast Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The 787-9 is a great addition to Donghai's single-aisle fleet, offering a superior passenger experience and comfort, exceptional efficiency and low operating costs The 787-9 Dreamliner can fly 290 passengers up to 14,140 kilometers in a typical two-class configuration. The airplane will deliver unmatched fuel efficiency to Donghai airlines, enabling the carrier to expand the range and quantity of services on the long-haul market. The 787-9 leverages the visionary design of the 787-8, offering passenger pleasing features such as large, dimmable windows, large stow bins, modern LED lighting, higher humidity, a lower cabin altitude, cleaner air and a smoother ride. Donghai Airlines started freighter operations in 2006. The carrier expanded to offer passenger services in 2014. Donghai Airlines currently has a fleet of 13 Boeing 737-800s serving for more than 10 cities across China. Donghai Airlines' fleet is expected to reach 15 airplanes by the end of this year. With extended air route network, the Shenzhen-based carrier is making great efforts to build a modern medium-scale airline with high quality. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 5925 5505 yukui.wang@boeing.com     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-donghai-airlines-finalize-order-for-five-787-9-dreamliners-300354925.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null

null

null
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: November 1st, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily November 1st, 2016 Controlled Inferno In The Mojave Desert By Aerojet Rocketdyne Innovative new propellant valves for Boeing’s Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 Starliner service module propulsion system have successfully competed by Aerojet Rocketydne, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AJRD), for two Launch Abort Engines (LAE). Aerojet Rocketdyne successfully completed a series of hot-fire tests on two Launch Abort Engines featuring innovative new propellant valves for Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner service module propulsion system. Photo is courtesy of Aerojet Rocketdyne. The tests were conducted in the Mojave Desert in California and confirmed the ability for the new valves to modulate propellant flow and control peak LAE thrust in the event of a launch abort. The LAEs, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, include a fuel valve and oxidizer valve, which were developed and tested under the company’s Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. The Starliner will open a new era of spaceflight, carrying humans to the International Space Station once again from United States soil. Under the CCtCap subcontract to Boeing, Aerojet Rocketdyne will provide propulsion system hardware, which includes LAEs, Orbital Maneuvering and Attitude Control (OMAC) thrusters, Reaction Control System (RCS) thrusters, and more. Boeing will assemble propulsion hardware kits into the service module section of the Starliner spacecraft at its Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Aerojet Rocketdyne also provides hardware supporting service module hot-fire testing, which will take place at NASA’s White Sands Test Facility in New Mexico; the pad abort and system qualification testing, which will occur at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico; and the orbital flight test, which will be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.   The Starliner service module propulsion system provides launch abort capability on the pad and during ascent, along with propulsion needs during flight—from launch vehicle separation, docking to and undocking from the space station, to separation of the crew and service modules when the spacecraft begins to re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere. At separation, crew module monopropellant thrusters, also provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne, support re-entry control. The Starliner service module and launch abort propulsion system is designed to rapidly “push” a crew capsule to safety if an abort is necessary. If unused for an abort, the propellant is used to complete the spacecraft's mission operations. The Starliner service module propulsion system includes four 40,000-pound thrust launch abort engines used only in an abort; 1,500-pound thrust class OMAC thrusters that provide low-altitude launch abort attitude control; maneuvering and stage-separation functions along with high-altitude direct abort capability and large orbital maneuvers; and 100-pound thrust class RCS engines that provide high-altitude abort attitude control, on-orbit low delta-v maneuvering and space station re-boost capability. According to Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President, Eileen Drake,  these valves successfully enabled the engine to demonstrate precise timing, peak thrust control and steady-state thrust necessary during a mission abort. This testing culminates a year of dedicated hard work by the LAE Integrated Product Team at Aerojet Rocketdyne. rocket.com Topical Tags :  Events    Manufacturing    Systems              Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News "Go" For Galileo Rec'd For Arianespace Flight VA233 Arabsat On Board At AFRICACOM Conference & Exhibition  SkyNode S200 Primed For Pilatus Business Jet Harris ABI Aboard GOES-R SES GS Builds Managed Services SATCOM Services For Broadcasting Board Of Governors More News China's Middle School Students See A Dream Come True...“Dream 1” (CAS-2T) Launches The Newtec CETC54 Connection Austrian Airlines Winging It With Inmarsat Spaceflight's  BlackSky Pathfinder-1 Satellite Has Its First 'Show And Tell' Photos SKYWAN 7000 From ND SatCom Empowers SOTM For SABC's SNG Vehicles CIX Picks C-COM Heavy Duty Ahead For Iridium Communications With Komatsu Limited Power Poop Out Prevention By Keysight Technologies Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  SSL Provides Positively Powerful EchoStar XIX World's Highest Capacity Broadband Satellite A New, Out-Of-This-World Record For NASA Surveyor Smallsats To Set Forth For NASA The Russians Are Coming... May Launch Up to 4 Glonass Navigation Satellites Next Year Bandwidth Buster Brought Forth By Newtec and Panasonic Feeling Better Already Now That COSMO-SkyMed Second Generation Contract Signed Avanti Heats Up For Sub-Saharan Africa's ECO Project With Newtec's Dialog® Hotspot Solution  Patent Pending Technology From C-COM Targets In-Motion, Phased Array Antennas The VSAT Conundrum Video From Advantech Wireless News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events ITU Telecom World 2016 AfricaCom 2016 CommuniCast Myanmar 2016 Marine Equipment Trade Show London Space Week AfricaCom Digital Ship Maritime CIO ForumBergen
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 58° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 58° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 39F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits China aims to join Airbus, Boeing as a top plane maker Bloomberg News Nov 1, 2016 (…) China has a dream of challenging Airbus Group and Boeing in the global market for airplanes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting that the model will help the planemaker break into the big league. The company is banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program — the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 — COMAC is sending a message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it already has commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparel and toys into a producer that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show also will feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build aircraft engines. A representative for Airbus declined to comment on China’s ambitions, while Boeing didn’t respond to an email seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008, right as the company was established. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft — hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear. COMAC estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as $96 billion. The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. More information China’s big oil producers continue to cut back China’s oil output slump shows no signs of abating as the country’s state-run energy giants hold back spending to cope with the crash in prices. Tags China C919 Comac Aircraft Boeing Plane Maker Featured Businesses United Country Menke Auction & Realty 124 E Main St, Treynor, IA 51575 712-487-3542 Red Savoy Pizza & Sports Bar 3510 N 167th Cir, Omaha, NE 68116 402-289-2929 Currently Open Toppers Pizza | Late Night Pizza Delivery | Miracle Hills Plaza Omaha 741 N 114th St, Omaha, NE 68154 402-933-9733 Currently Open NP Dodge Real Estate | Corporate Headquarters | Omaha NE Corporate Headquarters 8701 W Dodge RD STE 300, Omaha, NE 68114 402-397-4900 Priority 1 Fitness | Exercise Experts | Workout Equipment | Omaha 14491 W Center Rd, Omaha, NE 68144 402-330-1133 Currently Open United Republic Bank 111 N 181st St, P.O. Box 540126, Omaha, NE 68154 402-505-8500 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Two metro-area Shopkos to close at the end of January Headache for farmers as they get less cash for more crops 'Strategic alternatives'? Use of the jargon by Omaha’s West Corp. could signal trouble ahead Former Hinky Dinky grocery building set to undergo $3.4 million renovation No certainty that new hedge fund drawn to Conagra will act as activist Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway buying stakes in several major airlines Replay: Nov. 15 Warren Watch chat Warren Buffett Watch: Mining the diamond expertise of Borsheims CEO Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team

Menu asia times EST 1995 China | China's surging domestic travel stokes boom for carriers Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main Business Politics Insights More Culture China South Asia About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 16-11-2016 02:33 Not even an isolationist America would dare abandon Asia (Emanuele Scimia) 15-11-2016 21:38 Li Yuan-chia’s art retrospective comes to London (Sarah Reeve, Curator) 15-11-2016 21:30 The blood of my nation (Jennifer Fenton, Family Therapist) 15-11-2016 20:29 With TPP dying, will the US maintain its Asia-Pacific role? (Salman Rafi) 15-11-2016 18:25 Trump’s triumph and the end of American supremacy (Xuan Loc Doan) 15-11-2016 18:04 The Asian Box Office: China's new film law is spreading jitters about the future, while Hollywood continues to hold sway over the present. Elsewhere, the region's films put up a stiff fight. (Russell Edwards) 15-11-2016 18:02 Beijing is the best Asian city in which to make money, expats say. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 17:24 India's shock decision to take high denomination notes out of circulation last week and impose curbs on daily bank withdrawals has badly hit economic activity in all sectors across the country. (Asia Times staff) 15-11-2016 17:16 As protests against the presidency of South Korea's Park Geun Hye mount, there is little sign of her going quickly or quietly. The result is a crippling stalemate. (Shim Jae Hoon) 15-11-2016 16:42 A Hong Kong court on Tuesday disqualified two pro-independence lawmakers from taking office, ruling their oath of allegiance invalid, a ruling in step with Beijing which last week intervened in the city's legal system after street protests. (Agence France-Presse) 15-11-2016 15:30 Andrea Oschetti used to be a senior manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, But an alertness to the passing of time has launched him into a world where his name card now reads 'dream maker.' (Samantha Kuok Leese) 15-11-2016 13:40 China's Education Ministry has announced it will roll out new assessment standards and tests, linked to international models, for English ability. (Lin Wanxia) 15-11-2016 13:03 As  China strives to lead the world in innovation and business, evidence suggests that the role of English will be key. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 12:05 The seventh annual report on global sports salaries finds that football's Chinese Super League, now the world's 12th highest-paying sports league, is the most "star heavy" in terms of wage distribution. (Kenny Hodgart) 15-11-2016 11:32 China's property markets are facing increasing curbs on speculators so could this be driving funds into garlic? Prices of the vegetable, an essential in Chinese cooking, have soared more than 90% (Nikkei Asian Review) 15-11-2016 10:21 Donald Trump’s election victory is blamed for a sudden spike in bond yields, with expectations of the issuance of more government debt to fund spending plans. But the US isn’t the only giant world economy subject to rising growth expectations. (David P. Goldman) 15-11-2016 09:26 China will categorise local government debt risk into four to allow for faster response to provinces falling behind in payment of principal and interest, reported the Shanghai Securities Journal (Lin Wanxia and Poo Yee Kai) 14-11-2016 18:51 Trump could put the US economy back on track (David P. Goldman, Columnist) 14-11-2016 18:22 Critics say Breitbart now has the potential to play an unprecedented role in a modern presidency, as a weaponized media adjunct for the White House. (New York Times) 14-11-2016 17:33 Trump’s temptations for war in Asia (Francesco Sisci, Columnist) 14-11-2016 17:05 Singaporeans are now among the world's top English speakers, according to newly-published global rankings. Hong Kong, meanwhile, has dropped below Malaysia, the Philippines, India, South Korea and even France. (Johan Nylander) 14-11-2016 16:32 Hong Kong lawmaker Claudia Mo Man-ching has quit the pro-democracy Civic Party, of which she was a founding member in 2006 but will continue to serve as an independent democrat with 'Hong Kong First.' (Hong Kong Free Press) 14-11-2016 16:21 Oxford Economics warns that the US will engage in less free trade and pursue protectionist policies that are harmful to countries such as China. (Johan Nylander) 14-11-2016 16:13 Samsung Electronics said on Monday it had agreed to buy Harman International Industries for about US$8 billion, a deal that enables the South Korean giant to expand its presence in the auto parts market. (Agencies) 14-11-2016 14:04 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with senior ministers early Monday to review the shock demonetization that has caused chaos and anger throughout the country. (Asia Times staff) 14-11-2016 13:26 The yearly investment available to startups in Japan, about $2 billion, is dwarfed by the $60 billion in the US. Yet, Tokyo-based angel investor Dr. Tomy Kamada thinks Japan has enough venture capital (Richard Solomon, Beacon Reports) 14-11-2016 13:22 Chinese President Xi Jinping told US President-elect Donald Trump in a phone call on Monday that cooperation was the only choice for relations between the two countries, Chinese state media said. (Reuters) 14-11-2016 13:04 Desperate to fight mounting trash problems but wary of public opposition, China is building new incineration capacity designed to blend into its surroundings and limit environmental damage. (Reuters) 14-11-2016 11:37 Japan's economic growth handily beat expectations in the July-September period, expanding for a third straight quarter as exports recovered. But domestic activity remains weak (Reuters) 14-11-2016 11:24 Pakistan fears Japan’s signing of a civilian nuclear technology deal with India on Friday could undermine regional stability, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said (Kyodo News) the brief More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing's aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airlines licenses in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe's Airbus, Boeing of the US and Brazil's Embraer. Photo: Reuters. ChinaAviation China’s surging domestic travel stokes boom for carriers Surge in airline startups as Chinese regulator cuts red tape means a boom in new aircraft orders and happy days for pilots By Reuters November 1, 2016 8:59 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 China’s appetite for planes and pilots is building up, whetted by a slew of airlines launched in the past three years as local governments, private firms and larger carriers fight for a share of the country’s fast-growing domestic travel market. More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing’s aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airline licenses in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe’s Airbus, US giant Boeing and Embraer of Brazil. Such breakneck expansion might give cause for alarm in mature aviation markets. But China’s new breed of carrier is focusing on second- and third-tier Chinese cities that have gleaming, newly built airports that helped stoke an 8.2 percent rise in domestic passenger traffic in 2015, according to the International Air Transport Association. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox While state carriers like Air China, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines dominate for now, the newcomers have deep-pocketed backers like conglomerate HNA Group, plus support from local authorities as well as Air China itself. “By 2020 we want to have 40-50 planes,” said Lan Yu, brand manager at Guangxi Beibu Gulf Airlines, a newcomer set up by the government of southwestern Guangxi province and Tianjin Airlines in 2015. Tianjin Airlines is a unit of HNA, an aviation and shipping giant with more than $100 billion in assets. Guangxi Beibu will fly 13 Embraer E190 regional jets and three Airbus A320s to 28 Chinese cities by the end of 2016, Lan said. With average seat occupancy of more than 90% since flights began, Lan said the carrier was already profitable. Aircraft makers like Boeing welcome the newcomers, provided they are financially sound. “We obviously look a little more closely at new airlines to make sure we account for the risk, but we’re not seeing any issues with the ones that have started up in China,” said Darren Hulst, head of marketing in northeast Asia for Boeing’s commercial aircraft division. As well as the newcomers already up and running, at least 10 more airlines have applied for air operator certificates, according to company statements and local media reports. At the end of last year, China had 48 passenger airlines, up from 36 at the end of 2012, according to data from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. Along with racking up aircraft orders, the new airlines are also advertising pay packages up to 50 percent higher than their established rivals as they find it tougher to lure staff, said Sherrie Luo, general manager of Hong Kong-based crew recruitment firm Smile Aviation. Hongtu Airlines, based in the southwestern city of Kunming, is offering Airbus A320 pilots monthly salaries of up to US$25,500, according to advertisements on Smile Aviation’s website. Pilots heading to China Eastern can expect as much as US$18,500 a month.     Share Tweet Linkedin Email China Aviation Business Airshow zhuhai Comments More on this topic China’s stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut Agence France-Presse China’s latest fighter jets expected at air show AIN Tender approved for upgrade of clogged Manila airport EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main Business Politics Insights Culture China South Asia Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2016 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source By Reuters Published: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail LAGOS, Oct 31 (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. (Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Competitiveness > China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing Oct 31, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919. Copyright VCG, Getty Images Advertisement China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE (IW 1000/44) and Boeing Co. (IW 500/9) in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program -- the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 -- COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Seeking Top Rungs of Value Chain “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show, set to start Tuesday, will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. A representative for Airbus declined to comment, while Boeing didn’t respond to an e-mail seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft -- hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear. COMAC estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan (US$96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. The test flight could happen later this year or early 2017, COMAC’s chief designer Wu Guanghui said separately in Zhuhai. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. Safety will be Early Concern “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” By Bloomberg News Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles China's COMAC Collects 50 More Orders for Home-grown C919 Airplane China Completes Production of C919 Passenger Plane 1 Chinese Plane to Compete with Boeing, Airbus Models 1 China Teams Up with Russia in Bid to Break Airbus-Boeing Duopoly Boeing Maintains Lead over Airbus in Long-haul Jets – for Now THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing, UPS orders 747-8 freighters from Boeing By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 31, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has received an order from UPS (NYSE: UPS) for 14 747-8 Freighters, in an agreement that includes an option to purchase an additional 14 of the cargo airplanes, the company said. UPS said the 747-8 will allow it to upsize its network in new and existing markets The 747-8 Freighter is an efficient freighter that provides cargo operators low operating costs and has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F. The airplane also reduces the noise footprint around an airport by 30 percent compared to its predecessor. With 109 747-8 passenger and freighter airplanes delivered to customers around the globe, the fleet is performing with the highest dispatch reliability and utilization of any four-engine airplane in service. UPS is a logistics company, offering solutions that include transporting packages and freight, facilitating international trade and deploying advanced technology to more efficiently manage the world of business. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Delta Air Lines Foundation supports nonprofits in 13 states JetSmarter partners with Prodiguer » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Masdar Institute's Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium to Host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi 31 October, 2016 Forum Set to create a knowledge base for seawater-based food and energy systems 31 October 2016 Abu Dhabi, UAE – The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium (SBRC) – a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways, and Boeing [NYSE: BA], as well as Takreer, SAFRAN and General Electric [NYSE: GE] – today announced it is organizing the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi. To be held from 1 - 2 November 2016 at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall, the event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organized in collaboration with the University of Arizona. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture/agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass. During the forum the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project - the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System (SEAS). The forum will aim to strengthen the collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organizations in the field of bioenergy. Dr Behjat Al Yousuf, Interim Provost, Masdar Institute, said: “The Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum is an excellent platform to discuss the Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts on renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production. With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months.” Advertisement James Hogan, Etihad Aviation Group President and Chief Executive Officer said, “Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi.. The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum.” The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March 2016 on a 2-hectare site in Abu Dhabi. -Ends- About Masdar Institute The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology (Masdar Institute) was established by the government of Abu Dhabi as a not-for-profit, private graduate university to develop indigenous R&D capacity in Abu Dhabi addressing issues of importance to the region. In collaboration with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Masdar Institute has developed an academic and research platform that articulates its mission and vision according to critical energy and sustainability challenges. An important characteristic of Masdar Institute is its focus on complex real-world problems that require a multidisciplinary approach for the development of solutions from an integrated technology, systems and policy perspective. This multi-interdisciplinary and integrated approach is supported by the structure of its academic programs and by the emphasis placed on engaging external partners from industry, government, and other academic institutions in collaborative activities. Serving as a key pillar of innovation and human capital, Masdar Institute remains fundamental to Masdar’s core objectives of developing Abu Dhabi’s knowledge economy and finding solutions to humanity’s toughest challenges such as climate change. Masdar Institute integrates theory and practice to incubate a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship, working to develop the critical thinkers and leaders of tomorrow.  With its world-class faculty and top-tier students, the Institute is committed to finding solutions to the challenges of clean energy and climate change through education and research. Masdar Institute offers degrees in: ●      MSc Engineering Systems and Management ●      MSc Computing and Information Science ●      MSc Materials Science and Engineering ●      MSc Mechanical Engineering ●      MSc Water and Environmental Engineering ●      MSc Microsystems Engineering ●      MSc Electrical Power Engineering ●      MSc Chemical Engineering ●      MSc Sustainable Critical Infrastructure ●      PhD in Interdisciplinary Engineering Please visit our website http://www.masdar.ac.ae/ For more information contact: Name: Shaima Al Jarman Director – Marketing & Communications Public Affairs Department Email: saljarman@masdar.ac.ae Phone: +971 02 810 9365 © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
null
null
null
home news articles land sea air joint jsf submarines c4i cyber defence policy defence support group defence industry defence budget adm editorials simulation international conference reports military life ADM editions interviews defence week defence week 420-429 defence week 420 defence week 421 defence week 422 defence week 410-419 defence week 410 defence week 411 defence week 412 defence week 413 defence week 414 defence week 415 defence week 416 defence week 417 defence week 418 defence week 419 defence week 400-409 defence week 400 defence week 401 defence week 402 defence week 403 defence week 404 defence week 405 defence week 406 defence week 407 defence week 408 defence week 409 defence week 390-399 defence week 390 defence week 391 defence week 392 defence week 393 defence week 394 defence week 395 defence week 396 defence week 397 defence week 398 defence week 399 defence week 380-389 defence week 380 defence week 381 defence week 382 defence week 383 defence week 384 defence week 385 defence week 386 defence week 387 defence week 388 defence week 389 defence week 370-379 defence week 379 defence week 378 defence week 377 defence week 376 defence week 375 defence week 374 defence week 373 defence week 372 defence week 371 defence week 370 defence week 360-369 defence week 369 defence week 368 defence week 367 defence week 366 defence week 365 defence week 364 defence week 363 defence week 362 defence week 361 defence week 360 defence week 350-359 defence week 359 defence week 358 defence week 357 defence week 356 defence week 355 defence week 354 defence week 353 defence week 352 defence week 351 defence week 350 defence week 340-349 defence week 349 defence week 348 defence week 347 defence week 346 defence week 345 defence week 344 defence week 343 defence week 342 defence week 341 defence week 340 defence week 330-339 defence week 339 defence week 338 defence week 337 defence week 336 defence week 335 defence week 334 defence week 333 defence week 332 defence week 331 defence week 330 defence week 320-329 defence week 329 defence week 328 defence week 327 defence week 326 defence week 325 defence week 324 defence week 323 defence week 322 defence week 321 defence week 320 defence week 310-319 defence week 319 defence week 318 defence week 317 defence week 316 defence week 315 defence week 314 defence week 313 defence week 312 defence week 311 defence week 310 defence week 300-309 defence week 309 defence week 308 defence week 307 defence week 306 defence week 305 defence week 304 defence week 303 defence week 302 defence week 301 defence week 300 defence week 290-299 defence week 299 defence week 298 defence week 297 defence week 296 defence week 295 defence week 294 defence week 293 defence week 292 defence week 291 defence week 290 defence week 280-289 defence week 289 defence week 288 defence week 287 defence week 286 defence week 285 defence week 284 defence week 283 defence week 282 defence week 281 defence week 280 defence week 270-279 defence week 279 defence week 278 defence week 277 defence week 276 defence week 275 defence week 274 defence week 273 defence week 272 defence week 271 defence week 270 defence week 260-269 defence week 269 defence week 268 defence week 267 defence week 266 defence week 265 defence week 264 defence week 263 defence week 262 defence week 261 defence week 260 defence week 250-259 defence week 259 defence week 258 defence week 257 defence week 256 defence week 255 defence week 254 defence week 253 defence week 252 defence week 251 defence week 250 defence week 240-249 defence week 249 defence week 248 defence week 247 defence week 246 defence week 245 defence week 244 defence week 243 defence week 242 defence week 241 defence week 240 defence week 230-239 defence week 239 defence week 238 defence week 237 defence week 236 defence week 235 defence week 234 defence week 233 defence week 232 defence week 231 defence week 230 defence week 220-229 defence week 229 defence week 228 defence week 227 defence week 226 defence week 225 defence week 224 defence week 223 defence week 222 defence week 221 defence week 220 defence week 210-219 defence week 219 defence week 218 defence week 217 defence week 216 defence week 215 defence week 214 defence week 213 defence week 212 defence week 211 defence week 210 defence week 200-209 defence week 209 defence week 208 defence week 207 defence week 206 defence week 205 defence week 204 defence week 203 defence week 202 defence week 201 defence week 200 defence week 190-199 defence week 199 defence week 198 defence week 197 defence week 196 defence week 195 defence week 194 defence week 193 defence week 192 defence week 191 defence week 190 defence week 186-189 defence week 189 defence week 188 defence week 187 defence week 186 awards 2015 Awards 2014 awards 2013 awards 2012 awards 2011 awards 2010 awards 2009 awards 2008 awards events ADM Events all events event photos suppliers advertise GO > home » articles » simulation Black Skies after action review. Participants in Black Skies tend to perform better at Pitch Black. Credit: Defence more simulation» Simulation and Training: Army Simulation and Training: Harnessing the force of Lightning Simulation and Training: What role will LVC play in Defence Defence Business: SimTect on the importance of plug and play | ADM October 2014 Black Skies: From the lab to live 01 Sep 2016 Given the wide range of assets the RAAF has in play and the limited exercise time they have with international partners, it literally pays to make the most of this training time. EX Black Skies is the simulation effort run by DST Group with industry support to help get RAAF crews ready for EX Pitch Black. Katherine Ziesing | Canberra “In the short term what we try and do is provide Air Force operators who are about to go off to Exercise Pitch Black in the Northern Territory with a valid mission rehearsal,” Dr Chris Best, DST Group’s Science Team Leader for Exercise Black Skies explained to ADM. “So we simulate scenarios that are typical of those that we’d expect the operators to experience when they go up for the live exercise a few weeks later. And so by doing that, the short-term objective is really to allow those operators to prepare for the live exercise. “The longer term objectives are related to helping Air Force to develop its simulation capability and to really get the most out of its simulation capability in terms of the learning and performance of its people. So we’re really trying to help Air Force to understand how to run exercises like this, to use simulation to provide collective training for teams and teams of teams in an effective and efficient manner.” The exercise was the first real workout for the RAAF’s new Joint Air Warfare Battle Laboratory (JAWBL) as part of the new Air Warfare Centre but Black Skies has been running since 2008 for various parts of the RAAF. The constant users have been the RAAF’s air defence ground environment community, while the Wedgetail, Hornet, Army (with JTACs) and Special Forces communities have also been involved with several Black Skies exercises.    “Practicing the scenarios in this environment means that operators can go into live exercises much better prepared and get more out of them.”   When Black Skies started, Air Force didn’t have a lot of experience in terms of mission rehearsal and the relative value of that,” Dr Simon Parker DST Group’s Head of the Air Operations Simulation Centre said to ADM. “So one of the things Chris has been able to demonstrate, by following participants through to the live exercise and measuring the impact, is that the mission rehearsal actually plays a valuable role in preparing people for live exercises. So over the years the participation has been easier to get and has become more involved through to the point where Air Force headquarters decided that they actually wanted a capability where they could conduct Black Skies on the base at Newcastle. This led to the Air Force minor project, which led to us being able to build JAWBL, which led to Black Skies being conducted on base this year.” 2016 saw the air defence ground environment and the Wedgetail involved primarily as a command and control focused exercise with teams of between 7-9 operators as the training audience. “All scenarios were really tailored quite carefully for the objectives that those two groups had for the live exercise, Pitch Black. And in support of that there was a large body of people – engineering support and white force support to make all that happen.” Industry support came from a number of companies including Milskil, SimSol, Daronmont, CAE, and Boeing, who made up a large part of the so-called ‘White Force’ team (those who run the exercise, as opposed to the training audience). Milskil focused on the design and coordination of the exercise scenarios, Boeing provided support to the Wedgetail simulation, while SimSol, CAE, and Daronmont provided software and systems development support. “The key to its success has been the way we’ve been able to balance the necessity to provide the operators with a valid mission rehearsal environment and also the environment we need to do some research in support of longer term Air Force objectives,” Dr Best said. “That’s a pretty important aspect of Black Skies and it’s something we work really hard on. "It’s achieving some research objectives that help Air Force to understand over the longer term how to develop and get the best out of these kinds of systems, but also in the short term provide a really good experience for the individuals who come along.” This thinking was echoed by SimSol’s Director of Innovation Jon Blacklock who said the complexity of the battle management coordination role can be demonstrated synthetically much more efficiently in a lab than in the real world. Real world skills “Many of these exercises [like Pitch Black] are mission focused rather than outcome focused,” he said to ADM. “This means that you don’t get the chance to practice all the skills you would need in a real world operational environment. Practicing the scenarios in this environment means that operators can go into live exercises much better prepared and get more out of them.” One of the key tools that was trialled by DST Group with support from SimSol during the exercise was the ‘DST Group Assessment and Review Research Tool’ (DARRT). Developed by both SimSol and DST Group, DARRT allows trainers on the white force to watch the action in real time and ‘bookmark’ instances where the action was not ideal, needed clarification or feedback. It records every feed in the exercise to replay and debrief. Did the trainee have their console configured properly? Were the sensors pointed the right way? What was your thinking behind taking that action? All of these elements can be effectively debriefed after the mission scenario is complete. Dr Best was enthusiastic about the capability and the promise of this tool. “This kind of thing is going to be really interesting and important as the scenarios that are simulated in these kinds of exercises are fairly complex. When you think about how to get the best out of those scenarios in terms of learning, what really matters is that the important events are identified and the lessons learned are pulled out of those events,” Dr Best said. “With complex scenarios there’s no guarantee that the right people will be looking at the right things at the right time, but what we’re really interested in is looking at smarter systems to help alert people to when those important events take place and to orient their attention to the right lessons.” “DARRT provides the cornerstone of the interactive learning experience,” Blacklock said. Simlink provides a synthetic link to all Link 16 feeds from a range of assets into a single feed. In the past, each platform or asset (real, simulated or stimulated) using Link 16 had to have its own plug-in to the wider simulated environment. SimLink does it all in one program. While Simlink is part of the wider JAWBL toolset is was not used as part of Black Skies this year. SimSol’s RadioActive tool also formed part of the JAWBL system. RadioActive is a synthetic voice tool allowing all voice feeds such as various radios, satcoms etc to be patched into the wider system. This system is already in place at training sites at RAAF East Sale and Williamtown. And Black Skies is just the beginning for JAWBL and the wider DST Group and industry team. “In parallel with this, we’ve been responsible for getting Air Force linked in to Coalition Virtual Flag,” Dr Parker said. “So there are other places like the Air Mobility Group at Richmond that helped oversee the C-130J simulator for Virtual Red Flag. And there are other Air Force simulators that you would expect in the near future to be rolled into the next one.” RAAF as the customer in this case has been very pleased with the results of the exercise this year. Getting the most out of international exercises is key. Credit: Defence “A good example is one of the senior members of the RAAF contingent in Black Skies 16 who said at the end of the exercise that the teams were performing at a level that would be typical of Week 2 or 3 of a live exercise,” Dr Best said. “So thanks to an intensive week of a well-designed simulation exercise we’ve been able to bring those operators up to a level that they wouldn’t necessarily be at when they arrived at the live exercise a few weeks from now.” As Black Skies has been running since 2008, the DST Group team has been able to track the performance of those operators who have attended Black Skies versus those who haven’t. “What we were able to demonstrate to the Air Force was that there was a clear performance benefit in a live exercise like Pitch Black for those people who had done the simulation exercise previously,” Dr Best said. Both industry and DST Group are happy to see the technology move from a lab environment out into the real world. The Black Skies team, both Defence and industry members, hope that the systems and tools developed for the RAAF will also be adopted by the other services and their coalition partners as a common set of applications that make simulation affordable and integral to Defence capability. “From lab to live,” Dr Parker explained to ADM as he spoke of the collaborative environment that Black Skies and indeed JAWBL have brought into this space. “We get a buzz out of seeing science turned into something that’s useful for the operational community,” Dr Parker enthused. Email Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus news » Naval Review ships divert to assist NZ earthquake effort NZ Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has welcomed the support of nations attending the International Naval Review to help with the response to the November 14 earthquake. joint » Project Coorong: Towards the next generation OTH radar Project Review: Joint programs - enabling the wider ADF capability offering Network Centric Warfare: SATCOMs a work in progress Network Centric Warfare: The long road to Army digitisation Network Centric Warfare: The never ending story of JP2008 Yaffa Media 17-21 Bellevue Street Surry Hills NSW 2010 Australia Ph: 02 9281 2333 Fax: 02 9281 2750 Email: info@yaffa.com.au Web: www.yaffa.com.au Suite 2, 212 Bay Terrace Wynnum Qld 4178 Ph: 07 3348 6966 Fax: 07 3348 6511 Email: defmag@yaffa.com.au Web: www.australiandefence.com.au Advertise Subscribe Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditons Site Map Unsubscribe
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Transport And Aviation » Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner Touches Down In Riyadh ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship Egypt's pound continues to strengthen against the dollar Saudi Arabia to ramp up imports of Australian agricultural products Oil giant BP plans $13B investment in Egypt by 2020 UAE extends maternity leave for government employees Millennials look to UAE for career advancement in region: WEF Absconding expat workers risk fines, lifetime bans from Saudi Arabia Egypt seeks $800M European aid to help ease pressure on the poor IHG plans UAE's largest Holiday Inn at Dubai Festival City Yemen's Central Bank sub-governor sacked for corruption, misconduct Alabbar's billion-dollar, Saudi-backed Noon.com seeks to dominate regional e-commerce market Jordan to increase sheep, poultry products to Gulf markets Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh 2.5 5 Published October 31st, 2016 - 06:32 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Ali Murtada, Etihad Airways Area General Manager KSA, Sultan Al Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Hareb AlMuhairy, SVP Corporate and International Affairs, Etihad Airways Mohammad Al Bulooki, V P UAE Commercial, UAE & GCC, Etihad Airways, Adel Al Ragadi, Terminal Operation Managr ,King Abdul Aziz Airport and Abdul Aziz AlKhlaifi, General Manager Saudi Ground Services Company at King Khaled Airport Follow > Click here to add Abu Dhabi Tourism as an alert Click here to remove the Abu Dhabi Tourism alert Disable alert for Abu Dhabi Tourism, Click here to add Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority as an alert Click here to remove the Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority alert Disable alert for Abu Dhabi Tourism & Cultur ..., Click here to add BBC as an alert Click here to remove the BBC alert Disable alert for BBC, Click here to add Brisbane as an alert Click here to remove the Brisbane alert Disable alert for Brisbane, Click here to add CNN as an alert Click here to remove the CNN alert Disable alert for CNN, Click here to add Dammam as an alert Click here to remove the Dammam alert Disable alert for Dammam, Click here to add Düsseldorf as an alert Click here to remove the Düsseldorf alert Disable alert for Düsseldorf, Click here to add Etihad Airways as an alert Click here to remove the Etihad Airways alert Disable alert for Etihad Airways, Click here to add Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours as an alert Click here to remove the Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours alert Disable alert for Hala Abu Dhabi Signature C ..., Click here to add Hala Group as an alert Click here to remove the Hala Group alert Disable alert for Hala Group, Click here to add Hareb Almuhairy as an alert Click here to remove the Hareb Almuhairy alert Disable alert for Hareb Almuhairy, Click here to add Jeddah as an alert Click here to remove the Jeddah alert Disable alert for Jeddah, Click here to add Johannesburg as an alert Click here to remove the Johannesburg alert Disable alert for Johannesburg, Click here to add Medina as an alert Click here to remove the Medina alert Disable alert for Medina, Click here to add Mohammad Al Bulooki as an alert Click here to remove the Mohammad Al Bulooki alert Disable alert for Mohammad Al Bulooki, Click here to add Panasonic as an alert Click here to remove the Panasonic alert Disable alert for Panasonic, Click here to add Perth as an alert Click here to remove the Perth alert Disable alert for Perth, Click here to add Riyadh as an alert Click here to remove the Riyadh alert Disable alert for Riyadh, Click here to add Shanghai as an alert Click here to remove the Shanghai alert Disable alert for Shanghai, Click here to add The Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the The Boeing alert Disable alert for The Boeing, Click here to add Tokyo as an alert Click here to remove the Tokyo alert Disable alert for Tokyo, Click here to add Washington DC as an alert Click here to remove the Washington DC alert Disable alert for Washington DC, Click here to add Zürich as an alert Click here to remove the Zürich alert Disable alert for Zürich Etihad Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched today with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on 1 November. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few.   “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Mr Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED 2350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until 30 November, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more.* Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Medina and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective 1 November 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from 1 December 2016. Abu Dhabi – Riyadh flight schedules: Flight No. Origin Departs Destination Arrives Aircraft EY315 Abu Dhabi 01:55 Riyadh 02:45 Boeing 777 EY316 Riyadh 04:15 Abu Dhabi 07:00 Boeing 777 EY317 Abu Dhabi 10:15 Riyadh 11:15 Boeing 787 EY318 Riyadh 16:25 Abu Dhabi 19:10 Boeing 787   Notes: All departures and arrivals are listed in local time. *Terms & Conditions Apply. For more information, contact Etihad Holidays: 800 844 7893  STC 800 850 0026 – Non STC Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Parents have baby ‘living on the edge’ of a cliff for a souvenir photo in Saudi Going out in flames: Iranian man sets his Filipina girlfriend on fire in restaurant in Japan Trumped by love: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump goes viral Finally, a definitive answer on the Middle East’s most generous people: Iraqis Oh, the irony: Turkey warns citizens against travel to US amid anti-Trump protests Muslim woman in Italy fined $32,500 for refusing to remove niqab at public meeting Hate crime? Saudi student assaulted in Wisconsin, dies from injuries Sure to disappoint football fans, Qatar will ban alcohol during 2022 world cup A bit of good news: First Somali-American woman elected to US Congress ‘It was a vote against me’: Trump win strikes fear into American Muslim community Life is a rollercoaster for ‘the Afghan girl’: After Pakistan deported her, Sharbat Gula met Afghan president A life of struggle: National Geographic’s iconic ‘Afghan girl’ deported from Pakistan Top Headlines Walk This Way... where Aerosmith will bid farewell to Israel next May President of IOC Praises Qatar's Commitment to Sports Sports Struck 'Withered Green' first Arab movie to screen at Singapore International Film ‎Festival Egypt's Kenzy El-Defrawy wins 2016 Amman Squash Open RECENT ARTICLES Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund Advance your HR career in MENA with the help of online tools The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship FEATURED STORIES UAE Space Agency, Lockheed Martin ‘blast off’ with professional training program Qatar Airways increases its stake in British Airways' International Airlines Group to 20 percent Boeing predicts 58,000 new pilots needed in Middle East within 20 years UAE and China reach for the stars with MOU on outer space research United Airlines to end Washington-Dubai route: a case of sour grapes? RELATED ARTICLES Boeing 787 dreamliner touches down in UAE capital Etihad Airways new b787-9 dreamliner raises the bar on Singapore route Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg Etihad Airways counting down to boeing 787 dreamliner Etihad Airways announces deployment of boeing 787 dreamliner on Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route MOST POPULAR Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos praises Jordan's investment climate on visit to Amman SMEs in MENA make up 90 percent of registered companies Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact Divya Nagpal Divya.Nagpal@fourcommunications.com Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Celebrity couple Amy Samir Ghanem and Hassan Raddad tie the knot in Egypt Russia announces first-ever strike on Aleppo from aircraft carrier   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 26.50   0.50 1.92%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.20   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.90   ACIFORMULA 158.70   7.20 4.75%   ACMELAB 105.00   -0.90 -0.85%   ACTIVEFINE 39.30   1.40 3.69%   AFCAGRO 46.00   2.20 5.02%   AFTABAUTO 54.60   4.20 8.33%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.70 3.91%   AGRANINS 17.50   1.00 6.06%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.20   -1.90 -1.98%   ALARABANK 14.90   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 77.30   -0.40 -0.51%   AMBEEPHA 422.20   -14.90 -3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.20   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 26.90   0.90 3.46%   ANWARGALV 67.30   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 142.80   -3.10 -2.12%   APEXFOOT 368.10   2.00 0.55%   APEXSPINN 121.00   -3.00 -2.42%   APEXTANRY 128.00   -0.10 -0.08%   APOLOISPAT 16.20   0.30 1.89%   ARAMIT 351.60   -2.20 -0.62%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.10 -0.33%   ARGONDENIM 27.20   1.50 5.84%   ASIAINS 16.40   0.40 2.50%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 113.60   0.50 0.44%   AZIZPIPES 68.40   3.00 4.59%   BANGAS 103.90   1.00 0.97%   BANKASIA 17.60   0.40 2.33%   BARKAPOWER 29.90   0.50 1.70%   BATASHOE 1180.00   8.60 0.73%   BATBC   2.90   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.70 3.57%   BBS   0.60   BDAUTOCA 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   BDCOM   0.60   BDFINANCE 10.20   0.60 6.25%   BDLAMPS 173.40   2.60 1.52%   BDTHAI 22.90   1.10 5.05%   BEACHHATCH 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   BEACONPHAR 19.20   0.30 1.59%   BENGALWTL 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   18.80 0.79%   BEXIMCO 22.40   0.60 2.75%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   0.40   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   0.00 0.00%   BSC   12.40   BSCCL   -1.70   BSRMLTD 141.00   0.40 0.28%   BSRMSTEEL 94.80   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 82.00   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 16.00   0.20 1.27%   CENTRALPHL 14.00   -0.50 -3.45%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 14.80   0.60 4.23%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.60 4.51%   CNATEX 7.80   0.20 2.63%   CONFIDCEM 116.00   -4.30 -3.57%   CONTININS 16.40   0.30 1.86%   CVOPRL 193.50   6.40 3.42%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   DBH   -0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.20   0.10 0.10%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DESCO   -1.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.10 0.63%   DHAKAINS 18.80   1.30 7.43%   DOREENPWR 112.80   -6.20 -5.21%   DSHGARME 364.80   14.90 4.26%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.30   0.60 0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.90   0.40 1.70%   EASTLAND 20.20   0.40 2.02%   EASTRNLUB 900.00   -20.50 -2.23%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 145.20   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   1.70   EMERALDOIL 34.70   3.10 9.81%   ENVOYTEX 36.70   -2.30 -5.90%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.50   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.30   0.20 1.05%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.20 2.13%   FAREASTLIF 62.80   -0.10 -0.16%   FASFIN 11.30   0.50 4.63%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 22.90   0.70 3.15%   FINEFOODS 20.00   -0.90 -4.31%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FORTUNE 42.90   -1.20 -2.72%   FUWANGFOOD 12.40   -0.30 -2.36%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 791.00   -1.80 -0.23%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.20 2.99%   GHAIL   0.20   GHCL   -3.50   GLAXOSMITH 1600.00   34.00 2.17%   GLOBALINS 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GOLDENSON 15.50   -1.10 -6.63%   GP   -0.90   GPHISPAT 29.20   0.30 1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   1.80 2.65%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 47.00   0.30 0.64%   GSPFINANCE 20.00   0.60 3.09%   HAKKANIPUL 43.00   -1.10 -2.49%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.60 -0.11%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.70   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.40 1.14%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   12.00 1.24%   IBNSINA 218.60   0.90 0.41%   ICB   -6.00   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.20 5.13%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   1.50   IFADAUTOS 74.60   -1.50 -1.97%   IFIC   0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   -0.30 -2.63%   INTECH 11.60   -0.60 -4.92%   IPDC   1.90   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.70 4.73%   ISLAMIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   ITC   -3.40   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.30 2.08%   JAMUNAOIL 194.50   0.40 0.21%   JANATAINS 12.50   0.40 3.31%   JMISMDL 154.00   2.60 1.72%   JUTESPINN 54.00   -2.10 -3.74%   KARNAPHULI 13.80   0.40 2.99%   KAY&QUE 31.50   0.60 1.94%   KBPPWBIL 17.70   0.50 2.91%   KDSALTD 64.90   -0.90 -1.37%   KEYACOSMET 9.60   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 452.00   6.50 1.46%   KPCL   -3.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.20   -1.10 -1.46%   LANKABAFIN 27.00   0.30 1.12%   LEGACYFOOT 18.70   0.60 3.31%   LIBRAINFU 500.20   -20.60 -3.96%   LINDEBD 1342.00   -7.90 -0.59%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1211.00   -0.60 -0.05%   MATINSPINN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.30 4.48%   MEGHNACEM 93.20   0.20 0.22%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.10 -0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   MERCINS 13.60   0.20 1.49%   METROSPIN 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.00   -0.20 -0.27%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.40 1.66%   MIRACLEIND 39.00   1.10 2.90%   MITHUNKNIT 66.00   -0.70 -1.05%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 201.00   -0.20 -0.10%   MPETROLEUM 183.40   0.70 0.38%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 173.00   2.10 1.23%   NAVANACNG 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.40   0.10 0.97%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.90   NHFIL   4.60   NITOLINS 21.80   0.40 1.87%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   NORTHERN 198.50   -15.00 -7.03%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 83.40   -2.10 -2.46%   NTC   43.10   NTLTUBES 130.00   3.10 2.44%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 309.90   5.80 1.91%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -1.20 -2.00%   ORIONPHARM 38.50   3.50 10.00%   PADMALIFE 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   PADMAOIL 185.60   0.40 0.22%   PARAMOUNT 18.90   -0.60 -3.08%   PENINSULA 23.80   -1.40 -5.56%   PEOPLESINS 16.50   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 253.50   -3.00 -1.17%   PHENIXINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   PHOENIXFIN 24.20   0.80 3.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.50   0.60 2.08%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   POPULARLIF 67.80   -0.70 -1.02%   POWERGRID 59.40   0.20 0.34%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 88.90   0.20 0.23%   PREMIERBAN 9.00   0.30 3.45%   PREMIERCEM 84.00   -2.70 -3.11%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.30 3.06%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.10 2.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.30 3.90%   PRIMEINSUR 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   0.30 0.52%   PRIMETEX 22.40   1.30 6.16%   PROVATIINS 14.20   0.30 2.16%   PTL   1.50   PUBALIBANK 20.30   0.50 2.53%   PURABIGEN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   4.10 4.64%   RAHIMAFOOD 83.70   -6.00 -6.69%   RAHIMTEXT 237.20   0.20 0.08%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   -0.30 -0.51%   RANFOUNDRY 102.40   -0.90 -0.87%   RDFOOD 16.60   1.50 9.93%   RECKITTBEN 1587.00   16.90 1.08%   REGENTTEX 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 45.50   0.00 0.00%   RENATA 1095.00   3.30 0.30%   RENWICKJA 582.10   -6.20 -1.05%   REPUBLIC 16.20   0.70 4.52%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   RSRMSTEEL 44.50   2.10 4.95%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   RUPALILIFE 36.00   0.70 1.98%   SAFKOSPINN 11.30   0.80 7.62%   SAIFPOWER 60.50   0.40 0.67%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SALAMCRST 26.80   0.50 1.90%   SALVOCHEM 12.70   1.00 8.55%   SAMATALETH 23.50   -0.90 -3.69%   SAMORITA 62.80   0.30 0.48%   SANDHANINS 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.50   -0.30 -2.54%   SEMLLECMF 9.50   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.20 1.48%   SHASHADNIM 58.50   -2.00 -3.31%   SHURWID 8.30   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.60   0.10 0.80%   SIBL   0.10   SIMTEX 19.90   1.20 6.42%   SINGERBD 184.20   -2.30 -1.23%   SINOBANGLA 22.70   1.00 4.61%   SONALIANSH 197.80   -0.70 -0.35%   SONARBAINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.30 -3.37%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   SPCL   -2.70   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.20 0.31%   SQURPHARMA 248.00   -22.60 -8.35%   STANCERAM 52.10   -5.50 -9.55%   STANDARINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1666.30   98.00 6.25%   SUMITPOWER 33.60   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   TITASGAS 47.40   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.70   1.00 5.65%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.20   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 12.80   0.60 4.92%   UNIQUEHRL 39.30   -2.20 -5.30%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.30   0.60 3.05%   UNITEDINS 24.20   -0.90 -3.59%   UPGDCL 142.60   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 92.40   -1.80 -1.91%   UTTARABANK 23.60   0.30 1.29%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.50 2.63%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 152.00   2.40 1.60%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.40   0.60 4.05%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.10   -1.30 -7.47%   Latest News Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass TIME - 06:26 am National High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT World Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five Stock BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money TOP NEWS Trump’s 200 day plan: Trade reform begins Day 1 Dollar hovers near 14-year high Hate crimes against US Muslims 'up by 67pc' Eastern Cables recommends 10pc cash div LR Global MF declares 5.0pc cash div National Tea recommends 30pc cash div Standard Ins recommends 10pc stock div Oil prices rise Trump, Putin discuss future ties Asian stocks mostly lower MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Read more A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am None knows for sure the size of the global shadow economy, for most people do talk about tackling it but not many of them have ever tried to find perfect ways of measuring it.  Its definition is also somewhat blurred. There Read more Economy Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter The Dutch economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics announced on Tuesday, reports Xinhua. The growth percentage was the same as in the first two quarters of this year. The quarterly growth of the Dutch economy was the tenth in a row. Compared to Q3 of 2015, the economy grew by 2.4 per cent. "Our economy continues to perform exceptionally well and is broadly driven," Henk Kamp, Minister of Economic Affairs, reacted in a statement, "We grow more than twice as fast as the European average and show a solid and Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm Finance Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Tighter macroprudential actions in financial regulation may create the scope of 'regulatory arbitrage' with destabilising impacts including credit squeeze. Such a forewarning came at a summit meet Tuesday in Dhaka on present-day banking that is marked by a switch from the Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t IMF queries rising NPLs in banks Q1 income tax receipt well below target Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Stocks return to green on buying spree Stocks returned to green Tuesday, snapping a two days profit taking sale pressure, as some enthusiastic investors were active on SBL, SIBL to open KSA branches soon Increased participation spurs rally on bourses Square most-traded issue on DSE Stocks end positive Mideast stocks mixed at opening  Indian shares slip 2pc; rupee drops  Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore New Zealand shares edge up National Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu on Tuesday said the government has taken all measures to bring the culprits to justice in connection with the Nasirganar and Gobindaganj incidents, reports BSS. "The incidents of Nasirnagar, Gobindaganj and Raipura are isolated, having no link with the law and order situation in the country," he said after attending a cabinet committee meeting on law Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Dry weather likely All 4 in Bushra murder case relieved SC asks Mufti Hannan to submit statement Trade and Market Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg Prices of garlic increased significantly by Tk 20- Tk 30 a kg in last two days. Traders attributed the hike to higher import costs. Imported garlic (Chinese) was sold at Tk 200-Tk 210 and local variety at Tk 155-165 a kg in retail markets on Tuesday from Tk 170-Tk 180 and Tk 135-Tk 140 a kg respectively two days back, kitchen market FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer BB seeks banks' help to revamp dwindling remittance inflows India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer China commodities fall hard as speculators panic after frantic rally World The Rock cooking up White House run? After parlaying a professional wrestling career as "The Rock" into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea US students boycott classes to protest Trump win 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring ‘terrorism’ Giuliani favourite for Trump’s secy of state Sci-tech Dry weather likely Weather may remain dry with temporary partly cloudy sky over the country, said a Met office release in Dhaka on Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Smart City Hackathon organised in city Education BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 RAJSHAHI UNIVERSITY, Nov 15: The council of the Rajshahi University (RU) unit of the Bangladesh Chhattra League (BCL) will be held on December 07 while that of the Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) unit of the student wing of the ruling Awami League is scheduled for December 08. Delwar Hossain, office secretary of the BCL central committee, told the newsmen that the decision was taken in an emergency meeting in the presence of the organisation's central President Saifur Rahman ... Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Sports Muktijoddha share points with Brothers MYMENSINGH, Nov 15 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC shared points with Brothers Union Club in the JB Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Australia slump to humiliating loss Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabann The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Flower growers sustain heavy losses for rough weather in Bogra BOGRA, Nov 15: The flower growers of the district are counting heavy losses as the crop has been badly damaged due to rough weather which is prevailing here for the last several days. Sources said the flower petals are starting to fall due to the rough weather condition. Meanwhile, the low price of flowers at Gokul Market, the biggest wholesale market, has brought the growers to their knees. Of the total production in the country, around 35 per cent flowers are grown ... Fancy bed covers export brings solvency to 550 poor rural females Construction of 70 houses for landless FFs going on in Sylhet Magura traders doing brisk business at Kartiany fair PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight November 15, 2016, 10:07 pm BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors November 15, 2016, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Skip to main content Menu Navigation Close Menu Search Blastr Features Original Video Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Trending Deadpool Marvel space Fox Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 The Walking Dead The CW Supergirl Sections About Us Contributors FAQ Feedback Newsletter Privacy RSS Feed Terms © 2016, Blastr. All rights reserved. Powered by Syfy Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube App Apple Android Search Search Close Search Menu Blastr Search terms Type to begin searching Sorry, no results. Check your spelling and try again. Articles Tags Close Search Blastr Trending Trending Topics Deadpool Marvel space Fox Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 The Walking Dead The CW Supergirl Trending Articles DeadpoolGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2MarvelFox The back room deal Marvel and Fox worked out between Deadpool and Guardians 2 Star Trek: DiscoveryCBS All Access CBS exec on why they don't think Star Trek can succeed on broadcast TV anymore stephen amellarrowThe CW Arrow fan fails this city, picks real life fight with Stephen Amell Game of ThronesHBOImage of the Day Image of the Day: Behold Dany's new throne for Season 7 of Game of Thrones The Walking DeadRobert KirkmanAMC Why Robert Kirkman wants to kill off your favorite Walking Dead character Features Featured Topics Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Featured Articles FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops MarsNational Geographic ChannelSpotlight Directing Mars: Everardo Gout on helming the mission of National Geographic's prestige show Star TrekThe Next GenerationVoyagerStar Trek: The Original SeriesStar Trek: Deep Space Ninerankingslistsopinion Ranking the 15 best Star Trek time travel episodes SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps Guardian makes his debut, Parasite attacks, and Alex comes out in the latest Supergirl GothamTV RecapsFoxBatman Gotham's Nathaniel Barnes gets GUILTY in Gotham's Mad City: Executioner Original Video Original Video Articles ArrivalStar TrekGame of ThronesFuturamaOriginal Video Celebrate Arrival with the top 8 fictional languages DC ComicsSuperwomanWonder WomanPhil JimenezNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Superwoman writer on the shocking death of Lois Lane, Wonder Woman's sexuality 31 days of halloweenReturn of the Living DeadLinnea QuigleyOriginal Video Watch: How Linnea Quigley reinvented the scream queen FangrrlsWonder Womanlynda carterGal GadotOriginal Video Watch: Lynda Carter, Gal Gadot on hand as Wonder Woman named Honorary Ambassador to the U.N. doctor strangeMarvelOriginal Video Watch: Everything you need to know about Marvel's Doctor Strange Black SailsStarzNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Watch: Set sail on a swashbuckling preview of Black Sails Season 4 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Articles Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Target this terrific new Rogue One IMAX poster Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rush into these rousing new Rogue One: A Star Wars Story international trailers Rogue One: A Star Wars Story New international Rogue One trailer delivers fresh dose of Darth Vader + Death Star fury Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Cryptic Rogue One IMAX standee Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryGareth EdwardsStar Wars Gareth Edwards teases conflict within the Empire for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Joss WhedonRogue One: A Star Wars Story Joss Whedon wants to make a Star Wars movie. This is not a drill. See All Fangrrls Fangrrls Articles FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops FangrrlsspaceSpace XVirgin GalacticBlue OriginNASA #SpaceTwitter and the current race into space FangrrlsWonder WomanGal Gadot 8 women who should play Wonder Woman’s love interest in the next film FangrrlsNASAInterviews Women at NASA: What it's like to work at the organization today FangrrlsTV RecapsStar Wars Rebels Mandos, and blasters, and bombs, oh my! This week's Star Wars Rebels has them all. FangrrlsStar Warsfan films A young padawan fights to become a Master in fan film Hoshino See All doctor strange doctor strange Articles doctor strangeMarvel Cinematic UniverseRunawaysThe Defenderslists Weirder Stuff: 5 mystical gateways into the future of the MCU opened up by Doctor Strange PodcastWho Won the Weekdoctor strangeMarvelWonder WomanThe Flash Who Won the Week Episode 48: Doctor Strange doctor strangeScott DerricksonMarveltutting Doctor Strange director explains the insane detail they put into spell-casting in the MCU doctor strangeVirtual RealityMarvel Marvel enlists VR artists to build gorgeous, trippy Doctor Strange alt-reality doctor strangeBenedict CumberbatchMarvel Extended spellbinding Doctor Strange clip will warp your reality doctor strangeBenedict CumberbatchMarvel New Doctor Strange promo reveals a first look at [spoilers]! See All Powered by Syfy Facebook Twitter Youtube View Latest Close Latest Administration NASASpaceXMarsspace NASA doesn't see SpaceX's plan to reach Mars first as a rivalry Trent Moore Tue, Nov 01, 2016 5:01pm Considering a U.S. company has a plan in place to reach Mars around a decade sooner than NASA, you’d think the space agency might be a bit jealous. Well, then you'd be wrong. In an interview with Seeker, NASA's new science chief Thomas Zurbuchen said the U.S. space agency does not see SpaceX’s ambitious plan to send a team to Mars by 2025 as a rivalry. Instead, Zurbuchen said he’d be the first in line to throw SpaceX founder Elon Musk a “Welcome Home” party if the company can actually pull it off (unlike Boeing, who really wants to be the first one there). If anything, Zurbuchen said he believes SpaceX’s success would only serve as an example for just how well the private space industry is doing — and those new developments will only serve to better our chances of exploring the stars in the future. Here’s an excerpt from Zurbuchen’s comments:  “If Elon Musk brought the samples in the door right now I'd throw him a party out of my own money. I think that would be a huge success out of the strategies that were pursued by this administration of helping … the private industry to really grow capabilities that 10 years ago were not around.” It’s not much of a shock to hear Zurbuchen’s take on SpaceX, but it’s encouraging to know NASA is as excited as the rest of us about SpaceX’s goals. The U.S. space agency is already planning to send some tech along with SpaceX’s Dragon missions to Mars, and NASA also has an in-kind agreement to provide technical support on the missions (in exchange for critical landing and flight data that could inform NASA’s own manned missions in the 2030s). To say nothing of Musk's much larger ambitions for the Red Planet.  It’s all just one big, Mars-seeking space family. (Via Seeker) Related Stories FangrrlsNASAInterviews 0 Women at NASA: What it's like to work at the organization today Lisa Granshaw NASAfemaspaceAsteroid 2 NASA and FEMA game plan how to respond to an asteroid threat Trent Moore SpaceXNASAspace 6 NASA worried about SpaceX's ambitious plan to fuel spaceships with astronauts on board Trent Moore spacescienceTechnology 4 Virgin Galactic will soon take tourism to infinity and beyond Elizabeth Rayne More from around the web Latest News Blog View Close Latest The Man In The High CastleAmazon 0 Joe has daddy issues and Juliana meets The Man in the High Castle in latest Season 2 trailer Nathalie Caron FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops 0 Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops Tye Rannosaurus Justice League DarkMatt RyanDC Animated Universe 0 Matt Ryan leads the Justice League Dark as John Constantine in first animated movie trailer Nathalie Caron MarsNational Geographic ChannelSpotlight 0 Directing Mars: Everardo Gout on helming the mission of National Geographic's prestige show Aaron Sagers The Walking DeadAMCfan theorymorse code 0 Fans think they spotted a secret code hidden in the latest episode of The Walking Dead Trent Moore Star TrekThe Next GenerationVoyagerStar Trek: The Original SeriesStar Trek: Deep Space Ninerankingslistsopinion 4 Ranking the 15 best Star Trek time travel episodes Lisa Granshaw HumansAMCai 0 'They're waking up' in surreal new trailer for Season 2 of AMC’s Humans Trent Moore DC ComicsTrinityClay Mann 0 Exclusive preview: Trinity artist Clay Mann teases Wonder Woman, Batman, Superman are 'better together' Aaron Sagers SalemShane WestWGN America 0 John Alden is on a mission in tense new Salem Season 3 clip Nathalie Caron Doctor WhoSteven MoffatChris ChibnallPeter CapaldiBBC 10 Are Peter Capaldi and Pearl Mackie leaving Doctor Who with a 'clean slate' next year? Nathalie Caron Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day 0 Image of the Day: Target this terrific new Rogue One IMAX poster Jeff Spry Stephen KingCollectibles Month'Salem's Lotthe standFirestarterThe Dark Tower 0 Collecting Stephen King: 10 of his rarest and priciest books Don Kaye Marsspacescience 0 It might be a lot harder than we thought to find life on the surface of Mars Trent Moore DisneynetflixBob IgerReed Hastingsrumor of the day 8 Rumor of the Day: Is Disney eyeing Netflix as its next target? Jeff Spry Deadpool 2Ryan ReynoldsTim MillerDavid Leitch 0 Ryan Reynolds offers first comments on Deadpool director's exit Don Kaye SupergirlFlasharrowLegends of TomorrowThe CW 0 Aliens and Deathstroke(?!) in new Arrow, Supergirl, Legends, Flash crossover trailer Trent Moore SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps 5 Guardian makes his debut, Parasite attacks, and Alex comes out in the latest Supergirl Trent Moore Dany Roth GothamTV RecapsFoxBatman 4 Gotham's Nathaniel Barnes gets GUILTY in Gotham's Mad City: Executioner Dany Roth The InhumansMarvelABCIMAX 14 Marvel’s The Inhumans coming to ABC and IMAX theaters Nathalie Caron Y: The Last ManFXMichael GreenBrian K. Vaughan 2 Y: The Last Man series moving forward at FX, showrunner hired Trent Moore National Geographic ChannelMarsSpotlight 2 Life on Mars: A look at the sets of National Geographic Channel's new series Aaron Sagers Hiyao MiyazakiBoro The Caterpillaranimation 0 Anime master Hayao Miyazaki returns for final feature based on Boro the Caterpillar short Jeff Spry Star Trek: DiscoveryCBS All Access 52 CBS exec on why they don't think Star Trek can succeed on broadcast TV anymore Trent Moore DeadpoolGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2MarvelFox 2 The back room deal Marvel and Fox worked out between Deadpool and Guardians 2 Trent Moore Darth MaulStar WarsMarvel 0 Darth Maul getting his own solo comic series from Marvel Trent Moore Game of ThronesHBOImage of the Day 1 Image of the Day: Behold Dany's new throne for Season 7 of Game of Thrones Nathalie Caron TV RecapsNeganThe Walking Dead 7 Negan loots Alexandria in this week's The Walking Dead Tara Bennett Beauty and the BeastEmma WatsonDisneymovie Trailers 3 First enchanted full trailer for Beauty and the Beast is a tale as old as time Nathalie Caron The PassageJustin CroninRidley ScottFox 3 Vampire TV series The Passage in the works at Fox from producer Ridley Scott Nathalie Caron Suicide SquadJared LetoMargot Robbie 2 Dive deep into the Joker's madness in new Suicide Squad Blu-ray bonus featurette + deleted scene Jeff Spry stephen amellarrowThe CW 16 Arrow fan fails this city, picks real life fight with Stephen Amell Trent Moore Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemDavid YatesJ.K. RowlingWarner Bros. 2 David Yates confirms he will helm all five Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Nathalie Caron InterviewsMatt KindtEtherDark Horse Comics 1 Scientific method: discussing the magic behind Ether with writer Matt Kindt Matthew Funk Collectibles MonthMajor Matt MasonMattelNASA 12 Meet Mattel's Man In Space: Major Matt Mason Jeff Spry X-MenDark Phoenix20th Century FoxMarvel 13 Rumor of the Day: New X-Men film to reboot Marvel's epic Dark Phoenix Saga Nathalie Caron Ghost in the ShellScarlett Johanssonanime 14 Scarlett Johansson stars in first trailer, clip from live action Ghost in the Shell Trent Moore TV This WeekarrowFlashTeen WolfAmerican Horror Story 3 TV THIS WEEK: Teen Wolf, Vigilante on Arrow, long-lost Doctor Who airs, Channel Zero ends, and more Trent Moore Robert VaughnThe Man from U.N.C.L.E.Superman IIIDemon Seed 10 Man from U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn passes away Don Kaye spaceMoonAstronomy 2 That’s no moon. That’s a supermoon Carol Pinchefsky Image of the DaySupergirlKevin Smith 2 Image of the Day: Kevin Smith rewards his Supergirl cast and crew Jeff Spry SupernaturalThe CW 2 Mary rejoins her boys for a demon hunt in new Supernatural promo + images Jeff Spry Harley QuinnBirds of PreyDCWarner Bros 10 DC's Harley Quinn spinoff film to feature Birds of Prey, script in the works Trent Moore Load More Close Sidebar
null
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing Provides Sensors, Teams With Liquid Robotics at Unmanned Warrior 2016 Demo Boeing Provides Sensors, Teams With Liquid Robotics at Unmanned Warrior 2016 Demo Dominique Stump November 1, 2016 Press Releases 610 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 1, 2016 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Liquid Robotics teamed up to participate at the two-week Unmanned Warrior 2016 naval demonstration event organized by the British navy, ExecutiveBiz reported Monday. The team used four Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft equipped with Boeing’s acoustic sensors to detect and track an unmanned underwater vehicle and a manned diesel submarine as part of the demonstration, Liquid Robotics said Monday. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags acoustic sensor ba Boeing demonstration Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz govcon Liquid Robotics Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft Submarine U.K. Navy unmanned surface vehicles unmanned underwater vehicle Unmanned Warrior 2016 USV uuv Related Articles DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 Check Also F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 15, 2016 — The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program office has … Polycom Unified Comms Platform to Support Spanish Defense Ministry Connectivity TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 15, 2016 — The Spanish defense ministry has deployed Polycom‘s (Nasdaq: … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Vote 'Yes' on Amendment 8 to preserve Alabamians' right to work state house mug by julie.JPG (Julie Bennett/jbennett@al.com) Print Email Guest Voices By Guest Voices AL.com on November 01, 2016 at 12:30 PM, updated November 01, 2016 at 12:31 PM comments Rep. Arnold Mooneyc/o Rep. Arnold Mooney  By Rep. Arnold Mooney (R - Birmingham) Co-signed by: Speaker Mac McCutcheon (R-Capshaw), Rep. Will Ainsworth (R-Guntersville), Sen. Greg Albritton (R- Bay Minette), Sen. Gerald Allen (R- Tuscaloosa), Sen. Slade Blackwell (R- Birmingham), Rep. Mack Butler (R- Rainbow City), Rep. Jim Carns (R- Birmingham), Rep. Donnie Chesteen (R – Geneva), Rep. Steve Clouse (R- Ozark), Rep. Terri Collins (R- Decatur), Rep. Dickie Drake (R – Leeds), Rep. Corley Ellis (R- Columbiana), Rep. Allen Farley (R- McCalla), Rep. David Faulkner (R- Birmingham), Rep. Matt Fridy (R-Birmingham), Rep. Danny Garrett (R- Trussville), Rep. Victor Gaston (R- Mobile), Rep. Tommy Hanes (R- Scottsboro), Sen. Bill Hightower (R- Mobile), Rep. Mike Holmes (R- Wetumpka), Rep. Paul Lee (R- Dothan), Rep. Joe Lovvorn (R- Auburn), Rep. Becky Nordgren (R- Gadsden), Sen. Trip Pittman (R- Daphne), Rep .Bill Poole (R- Tuscaloosa), Rep. Chris Pringle (R- Mobile), Sen. Larry Stutts (R –Sheffield), Rep. Allen Treadaway (R- Morris), Rep. Ritchie Whorton (R- Scottsboro), Rep. Jack Williams (R- Mobile), Sen. Phil Williams (R- Gadsden), Rep. Phil Williams (R- Huntsville), and Rep. Rich Wingo (R- Tuscaloosa) Alabamians have the rare opportunity to permanently preserve one of their most basic and fundamental rights - the right to work and provide for their families - by voting YES on Constitutional Amendment 8 on November 8. Our state has enjoyed tremendous successes in economic development over the past several years as businesses like Mercedes, Airbus, Boeing, Hyundai, Honda, and several other Fortune 500 companies have chosen to locate major facilities here. Alabama's success in attracting investments over other states can be attributed to several factors, which include a workforce with an unequalled work ethic and diverse range of skills, a low cost of living, competitive incentive packages, and the fact that large employers and manufacturers, in particular, are also attracted to our status as a right-to-work state. Roughly 60 years ago, when labor union activity and membership were near their apex, a disturbing trend became apparent in the factories, mills, and plants dotting the state.  Non-union employees were being threatened, intimidated, and sometimes physically harmed by union members who wanted a "closed shop" workplace, and potential industrial development prospects were reluctant to locate here in order to avoid the sometimes outrageous demands of organized labor. As a result, the Legislature took action in 1953 and passed a right-to-work statute declaring that union membership could not be a prerequisite for employment, and, conversely, joining a union could not disqualify a worker from being employed. But more than a half century after that law was passed, union activity is once again on the rise, and potential employers are expressing concern.  They recognize that our right-to-work statute could be overturned with a simple vote of the Legislature and many are asking for a more permanent guarantee of our status. Recent events provide evidence of why their concerns are valid. The United Auto Workers union was able to gain a foothold in organizing the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and, closer to home, workers at the Golden Dragon Cooper facility in Wilcox County moved to join the United Steelworkers labor group by a razor-thin 75 - 74 vote. Labor unions are continuing efforts to organize employees in Alabama's automotive manufacturing plants, but they have been unsuccessful, thus far. In order to provide needed reassurance to economic developers and potential industrial prospects, it is time for Alabama to permanently enshrine our right-to-work status in the state constitution. The provisions of the amendment are simple. It establishes Alabama as a right-to-work state with constitutional protections that prevent labor organizations from forcing employees to join a union, and also prohibit employers from denying union membership to workers who wish to join. Because some labor unions force non-union employees to pay a mandatory "fee" in lieu of membership dues because they, too, could potentially benefit from any collective bargaining negotiations with management, Alabama's proposed constitutional amendment prohibits that practice. The amendment also prohibits labor unions from creating monopolies and preventing other organized labor groups from representing workers on a variety of issues. This reasonable ballot measure will ensure that union and non-union workers and businesses may peacefully coexist in a calm workplace environment, while, at the same time, helping to attract new investments, grow existing industries, and create additional jobs. It also provides you with a plain-spoken, air-tight constitutional right to hold a job and earn a living for yourself and your loved ones. We remain convinced that Alabama's future is bright, and our best days still lie ahead, but  we also believe that all of us can reach hat prosperous summit faster if you remember to vote YES on Constitutional Amendment 8 on November 8. Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo Reuters 31/10/2016 By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh © REUTERS China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai © REUTERS China's J-10 fighter jets perform during an air show, the 11th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai spo < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > China's J-10 fighter jets perform during an air show, the 11th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai © REUTERS/Stringer China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL] was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion (759 billion pounds) over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus Group (AIR.PA) - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. Replay Video Musk's plan to get humans to Mars and beyond Sky News Yahoo hack hits 500 million users Sky News The Zuckerberg plan to fight the world's diseases Sky News Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines (600115.SS) will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Go to MSN Home More in News Comedian Rory McGrath in court charged with stalking married woman The Telegraph PM prepares 'bombproof' bill to force Brexit through Parliament The Independent Thanks to Brexit and Trump, we have a new official 'word of the year' The Guardian Mobility scooter 'ram-raided council offices' Mirror Ex-Tory MP plans legal action against police Sky News Twitter to allow users to 'mute' abusive words Press Association Up Next Boris Johnson defends Trump as a 'liberal guy from New York' Huffington Post UK More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Nintendo shares rise after company unveils release date for iphone Mario game Reuters Designer Tom Ford brings dark edge to 'Nocturnal Animals' Reuters Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Reuters Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Skip to the navigation. Skip to the content. The BioFuels Journal family of sites: BioFuels Journal Equipment Catalog | GRAINNET | Product / Service Directory BioFuels Journal RSS Feed More News: Advanced Biofuels Biodiesel Ethanol International Research Advanced Biofuels Email Email Print Email Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials Certification to Brazilian Sugarcane Producers Date Posted: November 1, 2016 Geneva - 1 November 2016 - SOCICANA - Associação dos Fornecedores de Cana de Guariba, a sugar cane producers association based in Guariba, São Paulo, Brazil has earned the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB) certification. The RSB certification was part of the "Cana Sustentável" (Sustainable Cane) project developed with support from RSB and the Boeing Corporate Citizenship program. The RSB certification included a group of 17 farmers, covering 466.62 hectares of production area. Through this project, Socicana and RSB were able to provide a comprehensive framework toimplement sustainability objectives and customer demands, improve Socicana procedures, recognize, through RSB certification, the good practices carried out by the farmers, and reinforce the importance of RSB as a tool to "translate" the objectives of sustainable development into practices adopted by all operators along the supply chains, including smallholders and family farmers. "We are excited to work with Socicana on this important project within the RSB smallholder program which aims to improve the living conditions of small farmers and promote sustainable practices," said Rolf Hogan, RSB's Executive Director. "This was a great opportunity for us to identify the needs and opportunities for small sugarcane producers and promote better management of rural property which leads to better partnerships for smallholder participation in sustainable production chains." "This initiative impacted the behavior of our associates, and producers saw that it is possible to produce sugarcane sustainably," said José Guilherme Nogueira, the Superintendent of Socicana. "The participation of RSB in the process was essential, since before our partnership Socicana had no certification protocol aimed at small producers. "The team of RSB experts spared no effort to provide guidance and assistance to the Socicana team and thus implement the standards with producers." "Our intention is to bring more sugarcane producers interested in certification and have our associates producing according to international protocols," said Bruno Rangel Geraldo Martins, Chairman of Socicana. "We have observed that the farmers are changing their minds and improving their practices, so we have a fundamental role to help them get recognized and certified." This second RSB certification of sugar cane farmers in Brazil (the first was the Assobari certification in September 2016) was made possible by the Boeing Corporate Citizenship Program, which is supporting the certification of smallholder farmers in Brazil and South Africa in order to promote sustainability and improve the livelihoods of farmers by linking them to markets. For more information, please contact Rolf HOgan at +41-22-7964037 or rolf.hogen@rsb.org See Related Websites/Articles: Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials more ADVANCED BIOFUELS... Advanced Biofuels Gevo Reports 3Q 2016 Net Loss of $9.8 Million, Compared to $6.5 Million in 3Q 2015 Alaska Airlines Uses Gevo Cellulosic Renewable Alcohol-to-Jet Fuel For Commercial Flight Wet Weather Conditions Across IA Challenge Cornstalk Baling For Cellulosic Ethanol Plants USDA Weekly National Biomass Energy Report NexSteppe Enters Partnership With Longping Hi-Tech to Develop Bioenergy Solutions in China Ethanol Producers Views President-Elect Trump as "Wildcard" For Industry Gevo Expands on Partnership With Musket Corporation to Enter Automobile Market in Houston, TX United Airlines Makes Effort to Introduce Aviation Biofuels Into Regular Operations Novozymes Introduces Biological Foam Control For Sugarcane Ethanol Fulcrum BioEnergy Signs Strategic Partnership With BP to Accelerate Construction of Renewable Jet Fuel Plants More News   ©2001-2016 Country Journal Publishing Co. 3065 Pershing Ct. • Decatur, IL 62526 • 800-728-7511 • 217-877-9660 • Email: webmaster@grainnet.com No portion of this site may be copied or reproduced without prior express written permission.
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home Business Aviation Air India to resume Boeing 777 services on its New Delhi-London route Air India to resume Boeing 777 services on its New Delhi-London route This Boeing 787-8 aircraft, which was in operations till the summers had a total of 256 seats in a two-class configuration with 18 seats in business class and the rest 238 in economy. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:November 1, 2016 8:49 pm The resumption of B777 services are effective from October 30, sources said. Winter schedule for domestic airlines this year began from October 30 and would last up to the last week of March next year. National carrier has resumed Boeing 777 services on its London’s route from New Delhi with the replacement of its Dreamliner B787-8 with B777-200 LR aircraft for one of its flights as part of the winter schedule operations. Earlier also, Air India had been operating a B777 on the Delhi-London route. However, in the 2013 summers, it changed the aircraft to Dreamliner. Watch what else is making news: The resumption of B777 services are effective from October 30, sources said. Winter schedule for domestic airlines this year began from October 30 and would last up to the last week of March next year. The B777 aircraft will be operating on Air India’s flight AI-111/112 service, sources said. The change of aircraft has, however, reduced the capacity on the flight by 18 seats. This Boeing 787-8 aircraft, which was in operations till the summers had a total of 256 seats in a two-class configuration with 18 seats in business class and the rest 238 in economy. As against this, the B777-200LR has a total of 238 seats in a three-class configuration. There are eight seats in first class, 35 in business, and remaining 195 in economy. Air India flies to eighth destinations in Europe. Besides, it is set to launch a flight to Madrid from December 1. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Kolkata: Heroin worth Rs 23 lakh seized from 2 Sri Lankans After complaints, Trump-branded buildings being renamed West Bengal bypolls: BJP team meets CEO, seeks central forces Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet REUTERS China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province on Tuesday. ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1:   China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. “It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability,” said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. “I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility,” said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. “Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section.” A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. “It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet,” said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride.” C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (This article was published on November 1, 2016) Related TOPICS World | China | politics | defence | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Donald Trump begins forming his team    Putin, Trump agree to normalise ties    ‘Trump victory second deepavali for Hindus’    Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants    Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help    China’s first aircraft carrier ‘combat ready’: Official    Ban hopes U.S. doesn’t abandon Paris pact    Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif    Teacher in U.S. suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler    Russia launches offensive in Syria, airstrikes hit Aleppo MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED How Trump’s win can impact Indian IT Global students may shun new, ‘less-welcoming’ US Employees scared for their safety after Trump’s win: Nooyi India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Trump says will take $1 as salary with no vacations Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Cooperation is the only choice: China’s Xi tells President-elect India-US strategic, defence ties will undergo paradigm shift Donald Trump credits social media for poll win FBI gives clean chit to Clinton in last-minute relief Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in World India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Seeks help to combat terrorism » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Business November 1, 2016 8:43 AM City’s biggest employer feeling stronger, more expansive The Wichita Eagle File photo i By Dan Voorhis dvoorhis@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Executives at Spirit AeroSystems sounded confident in the company’s strengthening financial performance during a third-quarter conference call with analysts Tuesday. Revenue for the quarter was up $1.71 billion from the same quarter last year, a 7 percent increase. Net income was down sharply, but that reflected the fall-off from a quarter in 2015 that recorded a large one-time tax benefit. Operating income, which reflects the profit from ongoing operations, was up 11 percent from a year ago. President and CEO Tom Gentile told analysts that the company board felt so positive about the company’s long-term prospects that it approved its first-ever dividend, at 10 cents per share. He said the goal is to raise that in the future. The company has worked for years to dig itself out from high costs and unprofitability caused by overbidding and overspending in the years following its creation a decade ago. Gentile also said the board felt the company’s share price remained undervalued and authorized another $600 million share buy-back program. Investors on Tuesday rewarded the company by driving the stock up by more than 7 percent to close at $54. In the quarter, Spirit marked its delivery to Boeing of key components for the 500th 787 Dreamliner. Spirit builds the fully integrated forward fuselage, engine pylons, and fixed and moveable leading edges. The improved performance is driven by growing sales opportunities as well as a years-long program of driving down costs, Gentile said. There is good growth in many of the lines the company builds components for, Gentile said. The 737 line will move from 42 per month now to 47 per month by early next year, and to 52 per month and then 57 per month in coming years. But the company is going after new work as well, such as at Airbus, where it signed a contract last quarter. “The relationship has improved,” Gentile said. “They are asking us to bid on a number of new work packages, and so as we look at more fuselage, wing and propulsion, all three of those are areas of interest … we’re going to bid aggressively to win some of those work packages.” In addition, he said, the company would look at acquisitions of Tier II and III aerostructure suppliers. “If we do look at (mergers and acquisitions) it will have to be something that targets a strategic priority, something like getting us into a low-cost country, expanding work with some key suppliers or moving perhaps into military,” he said. “But anything we do would have to meet our return threshold and be better than alternative uses of the cash.” In cost cutting, chief financial officer Sanjay Kapoor told analysts that the company has focused on labor and corporate overhead first, and now is a third of the way into a “clean sheet” re-evaluation of the parts it buys. The company has run its own analysis of what it costs to produce the thousands of parts in its products and is using that to guide it in negotiations with suppliers. “It allows you to have a really honest conversation with suppliers, and not only convince them, but work with them to make sure we achieve close to those goals,” Kapoor said. Dan Voorhis: 316-268-6577, @danvoorhis Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:09 Maize senior hitter Brecken Roe 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 0:52 Eyewitness describes arrest after child stabbed to death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago How Westar sale affects Wichita 3:49 6 hours ago How Westar sale affects Wichita 1:57 11 hours ago Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 3:10 a day ago Energy 101: How do wind turbines work? View more video Business CEOs: sale of Westar will mean good things for customers Last Barrier jewelry store to close With new pipeline, Spirit increases use of recycled water Gas hits lowest November price since recession Charity names new executive director in time for Operation Holiday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Spirit Aero raises 2016 profit, revenue forecasts; sets first div By Reuters Published: 14:08 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 14:08 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail By Ankit Ajmera Nov 1 (Reuters) - Aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc raised its full-year profit and revenue forecasts and unveiled a $600 million stock buyback program and its first-ever dividend. Spirit Aero's shares rose as much as 8.9 percent on Tuesday, to their highest in nearly 10 months. The Wichita, Kansas-based company, which set a quarterly dividend of 10 cents per share, said it now expected 2016 earnings of $4.50-$4.65 per share on an adjusted basis, up from a prior forecast of $4.30-$4.50.. The company's revenue forecast was raised to $6.7 billion-$6.8 billion from $6.6 billion-$6.7 billion. Analysts attributed the raised revenue forecast partly to non-recurring revenue from Boeing Co, Spirit Aero's biggest customer, in the third quarter ended Sept. 29. Spirit Aero's earnings were helped by increased sales to Airbus Group SE, the company's second-biggest customer, as well as by a lower tax rate. Spirit Aero said total ship-set deliveries - complete sets of parts for individual aircraft - rose to 368 units in the quarter, from 347 a year earlier, led by a 6.8 percent jump in shipments to Airbus. Spirit Aero, spun off from Boeing in 2005, has been working to diversify away from dependence on its biggest customer, which accounted for 84 percent of its revenue in 2015. Airbus has asked Spirit Aero to bid on new projects, Chief Executive Tom Gentile said on a call with analysts. Spirit Aero hopes extra business from Airbus will allow it to expand all three of its divisions - fuselage, wing and propulsion systems. The company currently makes some sections of the fuselage and wing framework for certain Airbus planes. The company said it repurchased 7.4 million shares in the third quarter, and completed its existing share repurchase program, which was to have run through December 2017. That reduced its share count and increased earnings per share. Spirit Aero's net income fell to $145.1 million, or $1.16 per share, in the quarter, from $313.6 million, or $2.24 per share a year earlier. Revenue rose 7.4 percent to $1.71 billion. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.07 per share and revenue of $1.65 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company's profit last year included a $189.4 million benefit from a deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Spirit Aero's shares were up 7.3 percent at $54.04 in afternoon trading on Tuesday. Up to Monday's close, the stock had risen 0.6 percent this year, compared with a .3 percent increase in the Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace index. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr, Martina D'Couto and Sai Sachin Ravikumar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year’s lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the “Company” or “Aircastle”) (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle’s CEO, stated “Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales.” Mr. Wainshal added, “We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle’s owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year’s, though we’ve slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we’re still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths.” Mr. Wainshal concluded, “Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company’s sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share.” Michael Inglese, Aircastle’s CFO, added, “We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields.” Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share – Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter’s cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode “1757279”. A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle’s website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode “1757279”. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “seeks,” “estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral – 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility – 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders’ equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 – $189 Finance lease revenue $4 – $5 Maintenance revenue $7 – $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 – $16 Depreciation $78 – $81 Interest, net $62 – $64 Gain on sale $5 – $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% – 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share – Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share – Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share – Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders’ Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders’ Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders’ Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company’s results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management’s Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company’s PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircastle-announces-third-quarter-2016-results-300354638.html SOURCE Aircastle Limited Related Links http://www.aircastle.com Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: LJUNGSTRÖM, fornecedora de soluções de eficiência energética, entra em acordo no processo de violação de patente contra fabricante na China Next Next post: Federação Mundial de Bolsas de Valores publica relatório com a consultoria Oliver Wyman sobre liquidez em mercados emergentes Search for: Search Recent Posts Término da fase de inscrição do registro global da Gore para tratamento endovascular da aorta Globales Register von Gore für endovaskuläre Aortenbehandlungen schließt Patientenregistrierung ab Fin du recrutement dans le Registre mondial pour le traitement aortique endovasculaire de Gore El Registro Global de Gore para el Tratamiento Endovascular de la Aorta Finaliza la Inscripción ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Quarterly Dividend Increased to $0.26 per Common Share News provided by Aircastle Limited Nov 01, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Key Financial Metrics Total revenues were $194.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 Total lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues were $187.3 million Net income was $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share versus a net loss of ($14.0) million, or ($0.17) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted net income(1) was $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share versus an adjusted net loss of ($9.7) million, or ($0.12) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted EBITDA(1) was $181.1 million for the third quarter Cash ROE(1) was 12.4%; net cash interest margin(1) was 8.7% Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year's lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the "Company" or "Aircastle") (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle's CEO, stated "Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales." Mr. Wainshal added, "We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle's owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year's, though we've slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we're still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths." Mr. Wainshal concluded, "Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company's sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share." Michael Inglese, Aircastle's CFO, added, "We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields." Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share - Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share - Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter's cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode "1757279". A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle's website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode "1757279". About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "seeks," "estimates" and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle's filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of Aircastle's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral - 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility - 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders' equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 - $189 Finance lease revenue $4 - $5 Maintenance revenue $7 - $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 - $16 Depreciation $78 - $81 Interest, net $62 - $64 Gain on sale $5 - $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% - 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share - Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share - Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share - Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share - Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company's results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders' Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders' Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders' Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company's results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation - Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management's Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company's results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation - Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company's PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares -- -- (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares -- -- (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Contact: Aircastle Advisor LLC The IGB Group Frank Constantinople, SVP Investor Relations Leon Berman Tel: +1-203-504-1063 Tel: +1-212-477-8483 fconstantinople@aircastle.com  lberman@igbir.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircastle-announces-third-quarter-2016-results-300354638.html SOURCE Aircastle Limited Related Links http://www.aircastle.com Nov 01, 2016, 10:21 ET Preview: Aircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1, 2016 Oct 18, 2016, 16:15 ET Preview: Aircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1, 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 10:21 ETAircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1,... Oct 18, 2016, 16:15 ETAircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Banking & Financial Services Earnings You just read: Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results News provided by Aircastle Limited Nov 01, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Key Financial Metrics Total revenues were $194.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 Total lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues were $187.3 million Net income was $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share versus a net loss of ($14.0) million, or ($0.17) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted net income(1) was $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share versus an adjusted net loss of ($9.7) million, or ($0.12) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted EBITDA(1) was $181.1 million for the third quarter Cash ROE(1) was 12.4%; net cash interest margin(1) was 8.7% Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year’s lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the “Company” or “Aircastle”) (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle’s CEO, stated “Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales.” Mr. Wainshal added, “We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle’s owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year’s, though we’ve slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we’re still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths.” Mr. Wainshal concluded, “Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company’s sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share.” Michael Inglese, Aircastle’s CFO, added, “We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields.” Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share – Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter’s cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode “1757279”. A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle’s website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode “1757279”. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “seeks,” “estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral – 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility – 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders’ equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 – $189 Finance lease revenue $4 – $5 Maintenance revenue $7 – $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 – $16 Depreciation $78 – $81 Interest, net $62 – $64 Gain on sale $5 – $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% – 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share – Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share – Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share – Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders’ Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders’ Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders’ Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company’s results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management’s Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company’s PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Contact: Aircastle Advisor LLC The IGB Group Frank Constantinople, SVP Investor Relations Leon Berman Tel: +1-203-504-1063 Tel: +1-212-477-8483 fconstantinople@aircastle.com  lberman@igbir.com   Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Crude Oil Trend Boosts Heating Oil Prices, Creating Steepest Price Increase in 6 Years Next Next post: Doors open to Global MilSatCom, Europe's leading military satellite communications event next week Search for: Search Recent Posts BRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to 2024 West Hartford Chiropractic Sponsors Copper Beech Institute's Annual Harvest Celebration Jobjet Releases "Freemium" Package of Its Powerful Recruitment Software Degenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Proptech From Surga Central Streamlines Commercial Property Viewings Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Wednesday, 16 November 2016 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview China Debuts J-20 Stealth Jet in Show of Strength at Expo News ID: 1228277 Service: Other Media November, 01, 2016 - 14:36 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade, Reuters reported. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the US arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the US Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. R1355/P42329 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1228277 All Stories Carlos Queiroz Proud of Iranian Players Syria Rewarded with Good Result against Iran: Ayman Hakeem Iran, Syria Share Point at World Cup Qualifier Iran Internally Stable, Safe for Foreign Investment: Finnish Minister Schools Close in Smog-Enshrouded Iranian Capital for 3rd Day No Taliban Members in Iran: FM Spokesman ‘Russian Knights’ to Attend Iran Air Show 2016 Iran’s President Urges Joint Efforts to Ensure Asia’s Security Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria Autumn Season in Iran's Hamedan Province Davoudi, Roshani Win Gold, Silver at Asian Youth Weightlifting Championship Iran, Turkey Determined to Boost Ties: Envoy Attack on Shiite Gathering in Nigeria: Death Toll Hits 100 Students Lead New Wave of Anti-Trump Protests Iran Laments Muslim Deaths in Nigeria Everton Joins Race for Iran’s Sardar Azmoun Iran Totally Opposed to Disintegration of Iraq: Velayati Expanded US Sanctions Reflect Discredited Anti-Russia Policy × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.03%) 1 3,483 price_dollar (-0.08%) -3 3,938 price_eur -- 4,717 price_gbp -- 955 price_aed (0.09%) 10,000 10,950,000 sekeb (0.03%) 3,000 11,119,000 sekee (-0.18%) -10,000 5,590,000 nim (-0.68%) -20,000 2,930,000 rob (0.54%) 10,000 1,850,000 gerami (-0.01%) -110 1,108,310 geram18 (-0.01%) -160 1,477,380 geram24 (-0.01%) -500 4,802,500 mesghal (-0.04%) -50 1,228.50 ons (0.11%) 100 947.00 platinum -- 17.19 silver (-0.14%) -100 711.00 palladium -- 45.63 oil (0.04%) 2 46.98 oil_brent (-2.65%) -113 41.54 oil_opec (0%) -3 79,236 bourse -- 1,236 price_try -- 541 price_cny (-20.83%) -5 19 price_jpy (0.07%) 2 2,745 price_cad (0.08%) 2 2,637 price_aud (0.78%) 20 2,570 price_nzd -- 3,627 price_chf (1.92%) 1 52 price_afn (0.24%) 1 415 price_sek (0.19%) 1 523 price_dkk -- 421 price_nok (-0.09%) -10 11,550 price_kwd (-0.53%) -5 940 price_sar (0.52%) 5 965 price_qar (-0.33%) -30 9,100 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd (-20%) -2 8 price_syp (-5%) -3 57 price_inr (2.94%) 1 34 price_pkr (0.38%) 10 2,660 price_sgd (1.06%) 5 470 price_hkd (0.34%) 3 880 price_myr -- 103 price_thb -- 58 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,280 price_azn (-0.54%) -50 9,250 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: چهارشنبه ۲۶ آبان - ۰۳:۵۶ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh1 November 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next First Woman To Fly China's J-10 Fighter Killed In Crash News18 Demonetisation Move 'Bold' But Far From Enough: Chinese Media Outlook India China Sells Two Submarines To Bangladesh Navy Outlook India Iran and China sign military cooperation agreement The Economic Times Great Wall Around A Lotus Blossom Outlook India Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com Jaya first statement after 'rebirth' The Telegraph All-Party meet: PM Modi asks Opposition to peacefully discuss all issues Ani Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema Bank manager fraudulently withdraws Rs 1.5 crore, absconding English Pradesh18 Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Narendra Modi in Goa full text: Once we get clean, we need not worry about even one corrupt mosquito Firstpost Kejriwal accuses Modi of receiving bribe as Gujarat CM IANS India Private Limited Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Vishal Dadlani Slams PM Modi’s Demonetisation Initiative, Invites The Wrath Of Twitterati Business of Cinema Amitabh Bachchan FINALLY Speaks Up On Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s Role In Ae Dil Hai Mushkil! Business of Cinema Indelible ink to prevent multiple cash withdrawals IANS India Private Limited Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance Kishwer Merchant's Bachelorette Party Is A Dream Come True For Every Bride Bollywoodshaadis.com 'RUMOURS' with 'Tube light' helped Kabir Khan ! IANS India Private Limited John Abraham's Shocking remark on Krushna Abhishek IANS India Private Limited Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo By Reuters Published: 05:33 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 05:33 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Energy Article energy UAE's Masdar Institute to host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 01 November, 2016 ABU DHABI, 31st October, 2016 (WAM) -- The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium, SBRC, a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways and Boeing, along with Takreer, SAFRAN and General Electric, today announced it is to organise the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi. To be held on 1st and 2nd November at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall, the event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organised in collaboration with the University of Arizona. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture, or agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass. During the forum, the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project, the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System, SEAS. The forum will aim to strengthen collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organisations in the field of bioenergy. Dr. Behjat Al Yousuf, Interim Provost, Masdar Institute, said, "The Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum is an excellent platform to discuss Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts in renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production. With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months." James Hogan, Etihad Aviation Group President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi. The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum." The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March 2016 on a 2-hectare site in Abu Dhabi. Advertisement © Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2016. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: agriculture uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 1 November 2016 | MYT 2:36 PM Airbus sees China demand for 5,970 jets over 20 years ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - Aircraft maker Airbus Group on Tuesday said it had raised its 20-year forecast for aircraft demand in China by about 500 planes as growth in the country's middle class fuels private consumption, underpinning air travel growth. Airbus said it expected total demand for 5,970 passenger jets worth $945 billion (773 billion pounds) in the next 20 years, including 4,230 medium-haul, single-aisle jets like its A320 or Boeing Co's 737. The increase of about 500 aircraft compared to a previous prediction had been embedded in the plane maker's global forecasts since July, but not previously published separately. Airbus executives unveiled the Chinese forecasts at Airshow China, held every other year in Zhuhai, southern China. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Electric Jaguar SUV highlights auto industry's cross currents Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Trump leans toward loyalists as he mulls U.S. Cabinet picks Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017 - U.N. Little-known Republican becomes Trump liaison in Congress Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Most Viewed in News Zuraida refuses to accept apology from Jamal Yunos Heavy downpour brings traffic to a crawl along swamped LDP Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Adam Rosly: I purchased house with hard-earned cash Zuraida questions approval for Jamal's helicopter ride Jamal baffled how PKR Youth division leader can afford 'castle' home Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement Family of Chinese student forced to give nude selfies to loan sharks to pay off her debts Snatch thief killed while fleeing from pursuers I initiated 1MDB probe, Najib tells Japanese weekly Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Airlines In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile Source : By : Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh Last Updated: Tue, Nov 01, 2016 10:53 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons firms beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that's good news for military aircraft makers. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after record orders in recent years. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014.  Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 LAUNCH - WHEN? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed launch of state-owned aircraft maker Comac's 150-seat C919 passenger jetliner - Beijing's civil aerosopace effort to challenge the domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil aviation market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion on business jets when 1,000 financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." INDO DEFENCE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Potential rival suppliers are fighting to stay in contention to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video AIRSHOW-China's COMAC says clinches new C919, ARJ21 orders from Chinese le... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Industrials | Mon Oct 31, 2016 | 11:32pm EDT AIRSHOW-China's COMAC says clinches new C919, ARJ21 orders from Chinese leasing firms ZHUHAI, China Nov 1 State-owned plane maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said on Tuesday it had clinched 23 new firm orders for its C919 passenger jet, from two Chinese leasing firms who also took out options to buy 33 more. In a statement released to coincide with Airshow China, the country's biggest air expo, COMAC said SPDB Financial Leasing ordered five C919 planes - designed to China's challenger to Airbus Group and Boeing Co in the narrow-body aircraft market - and took options for a further 15. Financial details weren't disclosed. COMAC said Citic Financial Leasing had ordered another 18 of the jets, with options for a further 18, again without disclosing financial terms. The new deals brings total orders for the much-delayed C919 jet - which has yet to make its maiden flight - to 570 from 23 customers, it said. The company also said that it received an order from China Aerospace Leasing Company for 20 of its ARJ-21 regional jets. The leasing firm also took out options for a further 20, bring total global orders for the aircraft to 413 from 19 customers. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Next In Industrials UPDATE 1-Ex-China diplomats charged in U.S. over construction scheme NEW YORK, Nov 15 Two former Chinese diplomats working at a construction company are facing U.S. charges that they schemed to force employees who received visas to perform work only at China's U.N. mission and other facilities to instead provide private contracting work. Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Nov 16 From India's plan to plumb in over 100 million toilets in six years to China's ambitious new Silk Road network and the continued movement of millions of people into cities across Asia, plastic makers face years of strong demand. UPDATE 1-Navy reaches quake-hit New Zealand town * Expert warns of devastating impact on sealife (Adds comment from PM Key, conversation with Trump, comments from fisherman) MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Register Help Remember Me? Home Forum New Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links Today's Posts Thanks / Like Statistics Hottest Threads / Posts New Posts Get All New Posts 1 Day 3 Days 7 Days Advanced Search Forum Forums Daily Headline News Travel & Tourism News DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 Results 1 to 1 of 1 Thread: DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Search Thread   Advanced Search 10-31-2016, 03:59 PM #1 Dolores View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage DR1 Join Date May 2000 Posts 5,785 Post Thanks / Like Likes (Given) 50 Likes (Received) 836 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 7 DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 PAWA ready to fly to Miami Air Europas Dreamliner flies MAD-SDQ Air Century adds flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico Santo Domingo Triathlon on Sunday, 13 November PAWA ready to fly to Miami PAWA Dominicana airline is starting flights from Miami, Florida to Santo Domingo on Wednesday, 16 November 2016. PAWA Miami flights will leave from Miami (MIA) at 5:15 am and at 2:30 pm flights from and Las Americas International Airport (SDQ) will leave at 10am and 6:15 pm. PAWA will operate two flights per day, seven days a week. Ramirez says that the airline chose to serve Miami because it is home to the second largest community of Dominicans with some 175,000 living in South Florida. PAWA says they expect to transport 116,000 passengers by the end of 2016. The Miami-Santo Domingo flight will be the first commercial flight by a Dominican carrier to the US in more than 20 years. Gourmet food service is included in the fares. According to company president Luis Ramírez, the hot food served on board will be a complete gourmet experience of typical Dominican fare prepared by well known Chef Tita of Travesías Restaurant in Santo Domingo. There is also an open bar serving Dominican rum and coffee. PAWA Dominicana is alreadly flying to Curacao, St. Martin, Antigua, Haiti, Aruba, Puerto Rico and Cuba from Las Americas International Airport. http://www.miamiherald.com/news/busi...110646057.html http://www.elcaribe.com.do/2016/10/2...787-dreamliner Air Europas Dreamliner flies MAD-SDQ President Danilo Medina was at the Las Americas International Airport with executives of Air Europa to welcome the first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to land in Santo Domingo with 209 passengers on board the inaugural flight on Wedneday, 26 October 2016. Air Europa flight 089 from Madrid arrived at Las Americas International. The arriving passengers were welcomed by President Medina, Minister of Tourism Francisco Javier García, Minister of Foreign Relations Miguel Vargas and the director of Aerodom, Monika Infante Henríquez. Juan Jose Pepe Hidalgo, president of the Grupo Globalia, owner of Air Europa, who came on the inaugural flight said that all passengers are guaranteed a unique experience on the airplane, which he described as the most modern in the market and preferred for long-haul flights. President Medina and the high-ranking government delegation toured the aircraft. The modern airplane has capacity for 306 passengers  174 tourist class, 22 business class, and 10 crew. Air Europa now has three Boeing 787s in operation of 22 that are on order through 2022. Air Century adds flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico As of 5 December 2016, Air Century will be offering scheduled flights to San Juan, Puerto Rico from the La Isabela (Joaquín Balaguer) International Airport (JBQ) in northern Santo Domingo. Air Century is mainly known for its small plane charter service. The flights to Puerto Rico will be on board a Saab 340B aircraft. The charter airline also has regular flights to Haiti since March 2016. The airline hopes to add Aruba, Santiago de Cuba and St. Martin in the near future. See http://aircentury.com Santo Domingo Triathlon on Sunday, 13 November With 400 triathletes, 100 duathlete and 300 5K runners registered, the Santo Domingo Triathlon is set for Sunday, 13 November 2016. The race takes competitors through the historic attractions of the Colonial City of Santo Domingo. The race starts at 8am and ends at the Fortaleza Ozama on Las Damas Street. Now in its second year, the event is organized by AF Sports. The categories in the Santo Domingo triathlon are Super Sprint, Sprint, Olympic, 5K and duathlon races. Dominican Triathlon Federation president Luis López said that the initiative seeks to promote the sport while promoting Santo Domingos main tourist attractions. The organizers donate part of the registration fees to the St. Jude Foundation that works with child cancer patients. For the occasion, the Foundation will be selling T-shirts from their Jude Collection with designs by famous artists. Registration fees start at RD$1,225.*See https://www.sdctickets.do/detail/7 Reply With Quote « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts   BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On [VIDEO] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us DR1 Home Page Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 08:26 PM. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.3 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Feedback Buttons provided by Advanced Post Thanks / Like (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2016 DragonByte Technologies Ltd.


null
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Sole U.S. Air Force Nuclear Cruise Missile Showing Its Age You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Sole U.S. Air Force Nuclear Cruise Missile Showing Its Age Nov 7, 2016 James Drew | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 39 The U.S. Air Force appears to be struggling to preserve its only nuclear-armed cruise missile, the Williams International F107-powered Boeing AGM-86B air-launched cruise missile (ALCM). The Air Force tells Aviation Week that the “Williams F107 engine is and continues to be very reliable,” with only two flight-test failures recorded in 1985 and 1990, respectively, but a contracting notice published on Oct. 17 paints a different picture. It says the current health of the F107 ... REGISTER FOR FREE ACCESS (Valid Email Required) Register now for free access to "Sole U.S. Air Force Nuclear Cruise Missile Showing Its Age" and other premium content selected daily by our editors. Your free registration will also allow you to comment on any article posted to Aviationweek.com.   Current magazine subscribers: digital access to articles associated with your subscription are now included at no added charge to you. Simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   REGISTER Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 39 Talyn on Oct 31, 2016 The comments from various key Congressional, POTUS candidate and former government officials) to cancel LRSO in favor of "free-fall" weapons is ludicrous. Not only is this position is destabilizing in it's own right, but it's a violation of the oath of office that all these persons have taken/would take. These people seem to confuse "deterrence " with destabilization. The ALCM has been in service for decades as a deterrence weapon. The era of relying on free-fall non-PGM weapons was over decades ago. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Nov 7, 2016 If the LRSO is destabilising, maybe Clinton and her ilk can explain why they are letting Russia introduce their version of it. The truth is the Democrats have failed with their foreign policy over the last 8 years. That's why Russia is modernising their systems. Clinton was part of that failure, and would be a disaster as President. Log In or Register to post comments CARTooNMAN805 on Nov 8, 2016 NAILED IT !!! Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Mark Lincoln on Oct 31, 2016 “The current status of the F107 engine in the [ALCM] is at jeopardy due to an aging engine fleet and a lack of knowledge associated with the sustainment of the engine,” ". . . lack of knowledge associated with the sustainment of the engine"? How did the USAF arrive at this unfortunate position? Who was responsible, if anyone? "Having scrapped the last of 395 AGM-129A Advanced Cruise Missiles on April 10, 2012," The tale of the AGM-129A was one of defective specification, bad management, deficient development, poor production quality control. It was the poster child of the shoddy procurement practices which were the norm in the period 1981-1989 and required so many terminations and cut backs in the early 90s. We badly need a replacement to maintain the credibility of the remaining B-52Hs, B-1Bs, B-2s and the B-21s which may enter service sometime. "Until LRSO is fielded, the ALCM has three ongoing Service Life Extension Programs that will ensure maximum viability of the missile until its scheduled phase-out.” Given the USAF track record for late development and cost overruns we had better hope a fourth SLEP is in the planning for the AGM-86B. Log In or Register to post comments dukeofurl on Nov 8, 2016 These engines are 'non reusable' as its a one way journey, so how do they say ".. the current health of the F107 two-spool turbofan is in “jeopardy”? Any replacement will 'age' too as its not going to be used- except in the land attack versions Log In or Register to post comments Cosmic Observer on Nov 1, 2016 Score one point for Trump cruising into office. I wonder which is more explosive? Log In or Register to post comments Matsman on Nov 1, 2016 That is why we need an outsider to be in charge instead of the same old, same old insiders to keep the not working status quote. Unfortunately, that is not going to happy with the current cards in the deck. Oh by the way, did you see the Chinese flying the F-22 look alike yesterday? In response, we should cancel our F35 so not to get into an arm race with China. Log In or Register to post comments dukeofurl on Nov 8, 2016 Its just a re-skinned Su 27 Log In or Register to post comments Fred in Boise on Nov 1, 2016 Feinstein, etc. are examples of Jacksonian Democracy being over rated. What fools. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 1, 2016 "Oh by the way, did you see the Chinese flying the F-22 look alike yesterday?" I have seen pictures and video of the J-20 at the Zhuhai air show and see no resemblance to the F-22. For example where are the F-22s Canards hidden? How are the intakes and engine nozzles similar? Of course the ventral stabilizers of the F-22, unlike the Chengdu J-20s, are so stealthy they can't be seen. "That is why we need an outsider to be in charge instead . . . " "Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves." - Lord Byron Log In or Register to post comments aero_duh on Nov 8, 2016 That the J-20 has some features not shared with the F-22 does not invalidate the claim that it is a "look alike". The nuance of this may be lost on the non-technical (like yourself?), but there are many striking and important similarities between the J-20 and F-22 that make the original comment valid. You can't dismiss the comment claiming so simply by attacking strawman arguments. You're presumptuous elitism and predetermined political agenda are exemplified in your quoting a romantic-era excessive aristocrat/activist who was no saint. This shows a detachment with reality and highlights your misguided premise that "because someone famous wrote stuff, they must be smart, and thus I'll quote what they said as truth on AVWeek comments to prove my points and belittle the other guy who I am clearly so much more enlightened than". You can't choose your side of the argument and call it "reason" just because you disagree with the other person as your citation implies. It's non-sequitur dumb dumb. This isn't the place for quote battles or locking horns with other intellectuals. You'll lose. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Nov 1, 2016 "Oh by the way, did you see the Chinese flying the F-22 look alike yesterday?" The J-20 is not a "F-22 look-a-like". While the front fuselage shares the similar angular shaping it's clear in looking at multiple pics of the J-20 from different angles it's not a copy. Log In or Register to post comments Cosmic Observer on Nov 7, 2016 The story is that the J-20 was designed as a result of the F-35 plans being stolen. The longer range, speed, and bigger weapons bays gives it a considerable advantage. I supported the FB-22 which would have been more applicable for strike operations, and a lot cheaper than a new bomber, or having a tanker in constant support. Log In or Register to post comments WOE on Nov 7, 2016 Only problem with that is, the F-22 does not have large enough bays to carry the B61 nuclear bomb. The air force did not want to use the F-22 for ground attack missions, but, reluctantly have until the F-35 is operational. The F-22 is suppose to be air superiority only platform. Log In or Register to post comments Goforride on Nov 8, 2016 I seem to recall the idea was to fill the gap left by the retirement of the F-117 until the F-35 could be fleshed out. Once it is, I can't imagine the F-22 will be assigned ground attack missions. It's way too valuable as a pure fighter. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Nov 9, 2016 "The story is that the J-20 was designed as a result of the F-35 plans being stolen." Actually, the story is that the J-31 is the beneficiary of the F-35 hack. When you look at the two the dimensions and appearance is much more alike than the J-20. Of course, except that the J-31 has two engines. Log In or Register to post comments Spectre49 on Nov 2, 2016 Am I the only one that things, gravity bombs? are you kidding me? Didn't those go out with the Enola Gay (ok, Boxcar) How about we put the nuke on a T Hawk. Those work pretty good. That's right, we did, then we retired it for a missile that is older and not used for anything else, Once again we have to salute the USAF Leadership. Too busy touching the face of god to actually do their jobs. Log In or Register to post comments Dolomite on Nov 2, 2016 The U.S. Air Force is not a kingship, on the contrary is a subordinate of the commander-in-chief. You missed the target again. Hope all libs. whining about our military use their brains when they vote. You wouldn't be where you are today if you had any common sense. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 3, 2016 "The story is that the J-20 was designed as a result of the F-35 plans being stolen." It is remarkable how much the J-20 and F-35 are identical in every respect. What level of racial arrogance and outright denial of reality has become common around here? Anyone may see that there is NO resemblance between the J-20 and F-22 or F-35. Yet such silliness is proposed. Log In or Register to post comments Cosmic Observer on Nov 3, 2016 Mark you did not read my words correctly. I did not say they copied the F-35, I said they "designed" the J-20 as a result of having stolen the plans for the F-35. The J-20 is a better aircraft for the theater of operations it is designed to fight in. The F-35 needs a tanker and an arsenal aircraft to do what one J-20 can do. We don't need a new bomber, we need the FB-22 or go straight for a long rang UCAV. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Nov 9, 2016 "Anyone may see that there is NO resemblance between the J-20 and F-22 or F-35" Actually ML, it's been widely reported that the Chinese J-31 has a resemblance to the F-35. BTW, your comment about racial arrogance on this board is misplaced and disturbing. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 3, 2016 "Am I the only one that things, gravity bombs? are you kidding me? Didn't those go out with the Enola Gay (ok, Boxcar)" No, the vestiges of the Bomber Mafia still insist that the existence of the gravity bomber is necessary so we will spend a billion or more each on B-21 to do the job that ICBMs have been able to do for almost 60 years. If a weapon was in SIOP-62 America needs it now. There were bombers in WWII. Ergo we need bombers today! Next lesson, what America needs to bring back the battleship and cavalry. Cavalry is a unique weapons system capable of almost silent approach, requires no hydrocarbon fuel, and is able to evade magnetic anomaly detectors. We need it now! Log In or Register to post comments Arctic Fox on Nov 3, 2016 ALCM “was a 10-year missile,” said Gen. Robin Rand. “It’s in its 30th year of service and needs to be replaced.” Hmmm... Considering the typical procurement cycle for strategic assets, it'll be in its 40th year of service before the follow-on shows up. And that's if Hillary doesn't cancel the follow-on program, which she likely will. You can't make this stuff up. Log In or Register to post comments Felix A9 on Nov 4, 2016 "Several lawmakers such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and some former government officials have campaigned against the $8.3 billion follow-on cruise missile program, saying it is destabilizing and that the mission can be accomplished with existing non-nuclear cruise missiles and penetrating, nuclear-armed stealth bombers with free-fall bombs. " Well I'm surely glad we have "experts" like Diane Feinstein to tell us what is or isn't needed. The fact she thinks a new nuclear cruise missile would be destabilizing disqualifies her right there. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Nov 7, 2016 What's destabilising is people like Feinstein in government. Log In or Register to post comments SR-71 Guy on Nov 7, 2016 Scary times. What will Tuesday's election bring us? Log In or Register to post comments Goforride on Nov 8, 2016 Stability. Continuity. And someone who can be trusted to have the nuclear codes. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 7, 2016 The LRSO will gain the US far more for each dollar than the B-21 or a new ICBM. To begin with it will be necessary for credibility of the B-21 as well as the B-2, B-52, and the B-1B. Log In or Register to post comments Captn Tommy on Nov 7, 2016 This is just the silliest article I have read in a long time. Is the Air Force really that stupid, to let a supply trail run out or to not "long term" work on a replacement engine - fit form and function?? There must be some one in the program office who watches supportability. Now I only work with supportability people like that in the Army and Navy, (having been one once myself) and they were constantly looking at obsolescence issues, the Air Force should have known of this problem years ago. But then, this has nothing to do with Jets or Pilots Very angry Captn Tommy Log In or Register to post comments Dolomite on Nov 7, 2016 Cosmic observer, Often times Mark doesn't grasp the idea you are trying to convey but rather addressing what is on his mind. In some previous post I stated that India will never buy American jet fighters because of the geopolitical circumstances in that region. Mark's response was that India is all ready buying C 130's. Is C 130 a jet fighter in his mind? Some times he is of the rails, give him a break. Log In or Register to post comments Chip on Nov 7, 2016 Without a credible standoff weapon w/ sufficient range, the B-52 is only good for gravity bombs in an uncontested aerial environment. B-52s have a lot of life left if properly maintained, but America needs a new ALCM to make it relevant as a deterrent in a near-peer (and increasingly slightly less-than-near-peer) environment, thanks to sales of increasingly advanced Russian and Chinese AD systems. A stealthy, long range, supersonic ALCM should be a relatively simple engineering challenge, no need to develop radically new technology. Save the B-21 for difficult penetrating missions, and keep the B-52 as a bomb truck orbiting 1,500 miles away from the target.... ....although, the more I think about it, can someone explain what a $500MM B-21 can do that a B-52 with long range stand off weapons can't? Log In or Register to post comments Goforride on Nov 8, 2016 Or, we could do what Jimmy Carter wanted to do in the first place and have 747's adapted with a bomb bay and rotary cruise missle launcher. We would have a stand-off truck and could upgrade the penetrating vehicle until the cows come home. Log In or Register to post comments Power and Peace on Nov 8, 2016 Are people genuinely worried about the U.S. not having a powerful enough nuclear arsenal to act as a nuclear deterrent? The "triad" is gone. Most modern nuclear attack capabilities are classified, but even what we know about about ICBMs and SLBMs such as the Trident II (both have MIRV capability), makes me believe they are capable of wiping any nation(s) off the earth, even with their most advanced missile defense systems. It's also important to remember how strong the United States ballistic missile defense it. Obviously much of this is classified as well, but look at the research that was going on in the 80s and earlier. "Star Wars" was ahead of its time but don't think the US just gave up on it. We should focus on a long range, preferably hypersonic missile that can handle conventional warheads and nuclear warheads in the unlikely chance they're needed. Log In or Register to post comments paul_knabenshue... on Nov 9, 2016 Why was the AGM-129 scrapped? Wasn't a stealth cruise missile critical to the nuclear deterrent? Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Nov 9, 2016 The AGM-129 ACM "had" (they've all be destroyed) based on reliability issues and higher maintenance costs. Plus the outgoing POTUS efforts to unilaterally go below the New START (Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty) limits. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 9, 2016 "The AGM-129 ACM "had" (they've all be destroyed) based on reliability issues and higher maintenance costs." The reasons Talyn were as stated. The AGM-129 was a badly botched program, typical of the defense spending frenzy of the 1980s. The AGM-129 was one of a number of Reagan era fiascos cut by the George Herbert Walker Bush administration for cause. The only platform it was ever clear for was the B-52 and in the 21st century we have more important uses for that platform. A fundamentally flawed weapon that was not worth qualifying on the B-1B was quietly retired so as to cause as little embarrassment as possible. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Nov 9, 2016 "Star Wars" was ahead of its time but don't think the US just gave up on it." It was far, far ahead of it's time. Which is to say never before has so much been spent to achieve so little. Our politically, not technically, resurrected ABM so rapidly and expensively deployed at Fort Greely was quickly turned over to the 49th Missile Defense Battalion, Alaska Army National Guard, so that no regular officers would have their careers affected by association with it. Log In or Register to post comments Power and Peace on Nov 9, 2016 No I agree that "Star Wars" was a huge waste. But if revolutionary technology was developed it would have been made classified. I wouldn't be the least bit shocked if the U.S. turns out to have a laser equipped satellite in orbit. Just because we're developing more ABM technology doesn't mean we don't already have a more advanced technology in place. I just don't see the U.S. having an issue puting a warhead wherever they want on earth. A new cruise missile only cabable of delivering nuclear warheads seems like a waste to me. We certainly have at least one operational scramjet that remains classified. Even if we didn't, it would take Lockheed less than a month to retrofit an SR-71 cabable of delivering a nuke. While the Mig-31 is theoretically cabable of engaging a Blackbird from the 80s, if one were upgraded with the latest stealth and ECM technologies, I don't see any fighter or SAM on earth being able to stop without advanced knowledge of where it would be and when. Log In or Register to post comments wolivermba on Nov 9, 2016 Every time the Air Force wanted a new toy, the stories begin appearing in the press about the difficulty maintaining existing systems (F-15/F-22, KC-135/KC-46, etc.). Once the new system gets funding, the maintenance nightmare stories suddenly disappear. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Opinion: Why Trump Is Wrong On U.S. Nuclear Modernization 149 U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 223   Hillary Clinton 'Inclined To' Cancel Nuclear Cruise Missile 36 Opinion: The Uncomfortable Truth About Aviation Emissions 245   Opinion: Close Air Support Debate Needs Strategic Context 160   Advertisement Premium Defense Content ‘Rude Rams’ Gear Up For F-35A’s First Overseas Deployment  NTSB Blames Controllers In 2015 Collisions  Spain Self-Developing Software For Early-Model Typhoons  Boeing Defense Cutting Job Sites, Consolidating Foreign Ops  AeroVironment Enters Commercial Drone Market With Hybrid Quadcopter  Rely on Aerospace Daily & Defense Report’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Sep 30, 2015 Sponsored Improving Fleet Performance Sponsored by: Eastman Chemical Company...More Feb 17, 2016 Sponsored Information Management Solutions Sponsored by: Rockwell Collins...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion the last blast St Maarten airport will no longer see packed 747 jumbo jets buzz its famous beach Crowds gather on sand, cameras at the ready, as last flights skim their heads before precariously touching down by shore by clare baldwin 31st October 2016, 8:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE hair-raising sight of mighty Boeing 747s skimming a beach before touching down on St Maarten is no more. It’s the end of an era for KLM’s 747 flights to the Dutch Caribbean island which boasts one of the world’s most terrifying approaches. Getty Images 4 Thrilling sight of KLM Boeing 747 within feet of the beach on St Maarten   KLM Boeing 747 plane approaches Princess Juliana International Airport in St Maarten   Getty Images 4 Crowds get blasted by jet engines as they snap away Friday was the last chance for crowds to gather on Maho beach, cameras in hand, to watch the aircraft skimming their heads at just 100ft on approach to Princess Juliana International Airport. RELATED STORIES Lift it like beckham Harper Beckham looks adorable as she hitches a lift though LAX airport from dad David MALTA AIRPORT BLAST A huge explosion followed by a series of smaller blasts rocked the busy airport Runway drama Passengers evacuated from plane after Boeing 767 bursts into flames at Chicago's O'Hare Airport GREG CLARK PM was a kid in '68 when airport expansion was first suggested... we need new runway now more than ever GOLDSMITH & KIPPERS Ukip refuse to field candidate against Zac Goldsmith after his resignation over Heathrow runway The jets have been flying to St Maarten and touching down on its astonishing beachside runway since 1990. Getty Images 4 Jets skim the beach at just 100 ft   Alamy 4 KLM 747s are being replaced by a smaller Airbus The airport will now be receiving a smaller Airbus with 243 passengers, nearly half what the four-engine 747s could seat. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics KLM 747 boeing flight KLM Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News DETENTION DEATH Asthma-suffering schoolboy, 14, collapses in detention and dies 'after asking for his inhaler' News Exclusive WATCH OUT ALAN SUGAR Entrepreneur aged just 14 nets £2million after selling land he bought from flogging tax discs News TEEN FOUND Missing schoolboy, 15, who left note saying he was 'bored of life' has been found safe and well News Video '18 YEARS DOWN THE F***ING DRAIN' Moment jilted husband using a DRONE breaks down as he 'catches wife cheating' News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Exclusive DOCTOR'S STRIKE Shocking moment NHS medic 'attacks patient' he's treating in A&E in filming bust-up News Exclusive JAW-SOME ESCAPE Surfer nearly loses foot after having it ripped to shreds by 6ft shark at beach popular with Brit tourists News Most Popular Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz Revealed getting (it) on a bit This is how often you should have sex, according to how old you are Living VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured WHO'S THAT GIRL? Meet the three girls joining the Geordie Shore cast including a familiar face from Ex On The Beach TV & Showbiz NEV WIELDS AXE Gary Neville names his best Man Utd starting XI - and there are TWO shock omissions Football Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News IS YOUR M&S CLOSING? List of M&S stores thought to be under threat is revealed - so is YOUR local facing the axe? Living knight fright Shocking moment Beverley Knight collapses on stage at Children in Need show... but BBC edits it out TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement The Union reports that 53.86 percent of those who cast ballots voted in favor of the contract agreement, and 89.21 percent of eligible Southwest Flight Attendants voted. Negotiators for Southwest Airlines and TWU 556, which represents more than 14,500 Southwest Flight Attendants, began contract discussions in 2013. The newly-ratified contract becomes amendable on November 1, 2018. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Varadero, Cuba beginning Nov. 13, 2016, and to Havana, Cuba, beginning Dec. 12, 2016, both routes subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as “The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-flight-attendants-approve-tentative-agreement-300354227.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Author ilsPosted on October 31, 2016October 31, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Cognosec AB Awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner Status Next Next post: Chicago’s Continued Bloodbath Is Proof Of Gun Control Failure, Says CCRKBA Search for: Search Recent Posts City Edge Offers Budget Accommodations in Melbourne for People Attending November Events Millennium Corporation Wins Prime Position On $248M B2S2 IDIQ For PEO IEW&S, And Is Awarded Task Orders 0001 And 0002 Totaling Over $35M 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald Northern Advocate submit Navigation Local News Opinion Sport Business Rural Life & Leisure Photos Video Property Residential Listings True Commercial Motoring Cars Classifieds Cars Residential Listings True Commercial Death Notices Celebrations Roger Moroney: A treble of transport issues By Roger Moroney 5:41 AM Tuesday Nov 1, 2016 Add a comment SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Roger Moroney is a staff reporter and columnist with Hawke's Bay Today. PHOTO/DUNCAN BROWN Planes, Trains and Automobiles . . . great name for a movie and the Hollywood folks did it justice back in 1987 through director John Hughes and a couple of comedic hotshots by the names of Steve Martin and John Candy. And so, suitably inspired by such a fine title, I sat outside the other day in the late evening sun and considered my recent contact with all three . . . with the automobiles side of things a case of literally being in contact. What sparked this pursuit of touching upon all three modes of transport began with the planes part of this means of travel trifecta. Prime Minister John Key, who has a marvellous knack of downplaying the otherwise undownplayable, had a bit of an unplanned holiday in Queensland last week. But not the usual spots like Brissie or Surfers or Mooloolaba . . . he stayed in pretty little Townsville way up the top and just south of Cairns. I love that name Townsville because it's so . . Australian. It sounds like the home of Blinky Bill - the little koala bear I used to play with and talk to and cuddle - but only up until I turned 43. It was an unplanned stopover for JK as the great Air Force jet he and his large contingent of followers, catering staff, advisers and members of the media were travelling in struck technical problems. They always call them technical problems. Continued below. Related Content Crash involving a car and truck carrying a house south of Auckland tonight Missing fishermen off Kiribati found alive after more than a week at sea Military planes and ships sent to quake-affected areas In the good old days of piston-engined aircraft they'd report a dropped valve or a cracked piston ring. But such things do not happen to RNZAF Boeing 757s - they get "technical" problems. They tried twice to get airborne for Mumbai, and his engagements there, but the technical problems kept emerging so they called a mechanic and he had it towed to the garage, or whatever. It was not a good look. Yes, technical things happen but apparently with this particular 23-year-old aircraft they have happened before. Nothing major, more annoying I daresay. But I'm sure the Aussies soaked it all up. "You might be able to beat us at rugby but you can't get your PM off the ground." The answer is simple, surely. We have a world acclaimed and respected airline called Air New Zealand and they have lots of really nice planes and they bear our colourful emblems. Why not use one of them? And so to trains. Getting the Napier to Wairoa rail line back into shape and ready to host great trains bearing logs is excellent. It's not just the fact that they will take a big chunk of the heavy transport heat off a highway which in places is not even as accommodating as a suburban street, it's the fact that here is a long-standing and well proven transportation system which, when compared to roads, is surely a lot less maintenance demanding. Railway lines are quite simply practical and they are already in place. Every time I see one rumble through the city bearing 20 or 30 containers I smile and I do not damn it for holding me up behind lights and barrier arms. That's a lot of container trucks not travelling that beautiful Marine Parade. And so to automobiles. We've all heard the stories about how the minute you exit a new car sales room and put a few klicks on the clock the value drops by a grand or so. Well, it drops a whole lot more over 20 years, despite the fact the engine may be faultless and it never fails a WOF and "reg". A couple of weeks back my son and I were in my dear and faithful old Mitsi, parked at a red light, when a less capable member of the driving community decided to try and cut in front of another vehicle right in front of us. They both had a green but he tried to make an impossible turn, and the impact sent his car into our stationary and innocent one, stoving in the front and the rear as we were punched back into the equally unfortunate car behind us. Result? Well, it is set to written off. It is dinged but driveable but the repair cost outweighs what the insurance assessing crew reckon it is now worth. Put it this way - it is now valued at a fraction of the $8500 I first insured it for. But guess what? While the insurance crew reduced its replacement value as the years ticked by they didn't do the same for the premiums I still had to pay. I worked it out. I've paid over $10,000 to keep it insured, which means for a crash where I was the innocent party I'm now effectively about $9000 out of pocket and soon to be car-less. It's vital to have insurance but whoa. - Hawkes Bay Today By Roger Moroney Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Have your say 1200 characters left By and large our readers' comments are respectful and courteous. We're sure you'll fit in well. View commenting guidelines. Post comment to Facebook Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received, you need to verify your registration before the comment can be moderated Please check your inbox and click the verification link to complete the registration. Once you login, you can post further comments and view comments made in your profile. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Loading Discover more Loading Northern Advocate Services Book your ad Driven Property True Commercial Photos for sale Promotions Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Half-marathon test for Paralympian It's rare for Northland's Paralympic gold medallist and Wheel Blacks player Cameron Leslie… Hawke's Bay Today The women behind Hastings Women's Refuge From offering shelter in their safe house, advocating for victims, to a 24/7 support… Bay of Plenty Times Williamson back to full fitness Cricket By Peter White Kane Williamson is back to full fitness and looking forward to… Northern Advocate Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter RSS Email Northern Advocate About Us Contact Us Services Photo Sales Subscriber services Online Advertising Print advertising Digital Edition Regional Websites Bay of Plenty Times Hamilton News The Aucklander Stratford Press The Northland Age Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Hawke's Bay Today Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions Group Sites View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 16 Nov 2016 13:27:02 Processing Time: 30ms
November 16, 2016 1226 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:171300 Publish Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 19:18:52 GMT Service: Iran Airbus, Boeing contracts at final stage for signature Negotiations and expert studies on contracts with Airbus and Boeing are in their final stage for signature, said the deputy minister of roads and urban development for international affairs. Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan added that the contracts to purchase airplanes from the two companies have reached the final stage with an understanding to begin joint work, IRNA reported. The official said the purchase of 111 aircraft from Airbus at less that $10 billion and 108 planes from Boeing is close to being finalized. The draft contract signed in Paris last year envisaged the production of software and hardware for Airbus planes by Iranian companies in cooperation with office of vice-president for science and technology studies, so the Iranian companies will be placed on the list of Airbus planes spare parts suppliers, Fakhrieh Kashan said. Following the draft agreement, representatives from Airbus came to Iran and an executive committee was set up to conduct expertise works while qualified Iranian companies were tasked with producing spare parts and offering services which meet global standards. He added that the same process is to be pursued for Boeing. The US Treasury Department authorized sales of passenger planes by Airbus and Boeing. Iran Air is to buy more than 200 planes and the delivery is expected to begin by the end of the current year.     KeyWords Airbus singapore IranDaily   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran confiscates 2 tonnes of explosives from Daesh terrorists Iran, China must boost cooperation in fight on terrorism: Rouhani Syria holds pacesetter Iran in wetland Everton joins race for Iran’s Azmoun Iran defeated by Kazakhstan in Asian water polo championship Iran, absent from kabaddi World Cup final Iranian teams capture Asian youth, junior weightlifting titles French MP: Iran’s role in fight against terrorism crucial Iran: Killing of Muslims in Nigeria worrisome Rouhani: Iran, China must boost anti-terror fight Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0625 sec
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Industry, Logistics & Shipping   » Story Masdar’s SBRC to host ‘Seawater Energy’ forum ABU DHABI, 15 days ago The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium (SBRC) will organise the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016, which will be held in Abu Dhabi, UAE, tomorrow (November 1). The event will run until November 2, at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall. SBRC is a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways, and Boeing, as well as Takreer, Safran and General Electric. The event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organised in collaboration with the University of Arizona, said a statement. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture/agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass, it said.   During the forum the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project - the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System (SEAS), it added. The event will aim to strengthen the collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organisations in the field of bioenergy.   Dr Behjat Al Yousuf, interim provost, Masdar Institute, said: “The forum is an excellent platform to discuss the Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts on renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production.” “With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months,” he added. James Hogan, president and chief executive officer, Etihad Aviation Group, said, “Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi.” “The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum,” he added.   The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March on a two-hectare site in Abu Dhabi, it stated. – TradeArabia News Service   Tags: | abu dhabi | agriculture | Masdar | forum | SBRC | More Industry, Logistics & Shipping Stories Alba hosts meeting to review 2016 progress Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers RAK gears up for key investment forum Elite Agro showcases capabilities at Dubai food expo Thuraya launches 'first' dual mode, dual SIM phone Intertek wins PDO supply chain inspection contract DP World wins top honour for greenhouse best practices Top luxury watch show opens in Dubai DMCA signs innovation deal DNV GL Sohar Port container volumes up 11pc in Q3 Viacomms Telecom wins top Avaya recognition NDigitec opens lounge in Dubai Design District EGA to supply high-quality aluminium to BMW Henkel Q3 sales up 3.4pc to $5.1 billion Electric motor sales market to top $127bn by 2021 Samsung to acquire car tech firm Harman for $8bn UAE launches 6-pillar plan to boost industrial tech Siemens expands software business with $4.5bn deal HK telecom group names new GM Ford signs up BlackBerry for security software Abu Dhabi wins bid to host world doctors' summit 42 construction firms win Taqdeer Award Abu Dhabi Ports, Emiroll to build plant in Kizad Coca-Cola launches new 'low-calorie' drink International district cooling conference opens in Dubai GCC project tracker is Knowledge Partner for Gulf Industry Fair Al-Futtaim Motors, Toyota to test hydrogen fuel cells in UAE DP World’s human capital team wins award Agthia acquires Delta Marketing’s water business Reem Mall inks partnership with Dubai Holdings Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Serving machinery & equipment maintenance professionals across Canada News Features Products Events Digital Editions MRO Magazine Food & Beverage Subscribe Advertise News FEAM announces opening of three new line maintenance stations October 31, 2016 MRO Magazine Categories Industry Miami – FEAM Maintenance / Engineering announced its expansion into three new line maintenance locations at Ontario, California (ONT), Richmond, Virginia (RIC), and Allentown, Pennsylvania (ABE). FEAM has leveraged its current bandwidth of over 550 aircraft maintenance technicians to simultaneously open all 3 locations on time for a major cargo operator. FEAM will support Boeing B767 freighters at the new locations effective October 3rd. FEAM will provide an array of line maintenance services, including daily scheduled maintenance support, unscheduled maintenance support, and AOG Tiger Team services at all 3 locations. Each new line operation will be staffed with fully qualified B767 technicians and managers. “We are very excited about the opportunities these new locations represent,” said Dan Allawat, COO. “Our growth trajectory over the years has traditionally led us to major gateway airports where we provide service to world renown domestic and international air carriers. While those markets remain robust for FEAM, these new locations offer us the opportunity to take part in the growing domestic express freight market.” F&E Aircraft Maintenance (FEAM), founded in 1992, is an MRO (Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul) company providing aircraft line maintenance services to a variety of domestic and international air carriers flying transport category aircraft. FEAM employs over 550 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians and Line Maintenance Engineers (LME) throughout the company’s network of 15 domestic line stations. FEAM holds numerous Repair Station certifications from domestic and international aviation regulatory authorities, including the first Japanese Civil Aeronautics Board (JCAB) line maintenance approval awarded to a U.S based MRO. For more information, visit www.feam.aero. Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts New VP of line maintenance named at United Airlines Air Canada to handle Lufthansa maintenance Saab and Canadian firm to provide maintenance for Swedish Coast Guard Spar to handle maintenance overhauls for Hercules aircraft in U.S. Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website More REDWIRE National Tooling & Machining Association recognizes metalworking excellence Industry Forecast – global industrial emission control systems market Services Food & Beverage Digital Edition Subscribe Advertise Contacts View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Popular Webinar: What is the lubricant’s role in energy efficiency? How proper shaft sizes are determined Fabric manufacturer pleads guilty after worker caught in machine Wind turbine manufacturer fined after worker critically injured Industrial supplier steps up measures to improve efficiency in the industrial division Schaeffler AG steps up measures to improve efficiency in industrial business What makes a successful plant shutdown? Manufacturing Network Privacy Policy Sitemap © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
The Mississippi Link Keepers Of The Knowledge For People Who Speak The Truth Since 1993 Home About Us News Briefs News Auto News The Buzz Police Report Buzz Report Buzz Report Videos youReport youReport: Submit your report Opinion Columns Editorials Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter To The Editor Sports Sports News Videos Entertainment Entertainment News Videos Business Business News Videos Education Education News Video Fine Arts Religion Religion News Videos Obituaries/Deaths Obituaries/Deaths News Videos Health Health News Videos Family Medicine Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery e-Edition Subscribe Home Delivery Payments Advertise Payments Media Kit Contact Us American Airlines aborts takeoff in Chicago as engine parts break off, ignite fire October 31, 2016 in News In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on Friday, Oct. 28, 2016. (Jose Castillo via AP) CHICAGO (AP) — Pilots were forced to abort a takeoff and evacuate passengers from a burning American Airlines flight Friday on a runway at Chicago O’Hare International Airport after the airliner experienced what a federal official said was a rare and serious type of engine failure. American Airlines Flight 383 to Miami experienced an “uncontained engine failure,” in which engine parts break off and are spewed outside the engine, the official said. The official wasn’t authorized to speak publicly about the incident and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity. The danger of such a failure is that engine pieces effectively become shrapnel and can cause extensive damage to the aircraft. Flames and heavy black smoke poured from the side of the Boeing 767 jet as it sat on the runway after the aborted takeoff. Officials said the incident left 21 people injured. Footage from the scene showed passengers coming down emergency slides and hurrying across grass next to the runway as emergency vehicles surrounded the plane. The right wing was drooping toward the ground and appeared to have partially melted. Passenger Sarah Ahmed told WLS-TV the plane was speeding down the runway when she heard an explosion and saw flames and black smoke. She said everyone on the right side of the aircraft jumped from their seats and moved to the left side. “People are yelling, ‘Open the door! Open the door!’ Everyone’s screaming and jumping on top of each other to open the door,” Ahmed said. “Within that time, I think it was seven seconds, there was now smoke in the plane and the fire is right up against the windows, and it’s melting the windows.” The pilots reported an engine-related mechanical issue and aborted the takeoff, according to American Airlines spokeswoman Leslie Scott. The Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement that the plane made an emergency stop around 2:35 p.m. after experiencing a problem during takeoff. An earlier FAA statement said the plane had blown a tire, but officials later deleted that information from the statement. Chicago Deputy Fire Commissioner Timothy Sampey said 20 passengers suffered minor injuries as they used the emergency chutes to evacuate. American, which had earlier said eight people were injured, later confirmed the 20 figure and added that one flight attendant was also injured. Buses were sent to pick up the passengers and bring them back to the terminal, Scott said. The passengers were to be placed on another flight to Miami Friday evening. The National Transportation Safety Board will conduct an investigation into the incident, with investigators expected to arrive on the scene Friday evening, spokesman Keith Holloway said. Uncontained engine failures are unusual thanks to improvements in designs and the metallurgy. There are many possible causes, including overheating, runway debris or large birds that get sucked into the engine or parts that break when they wear out but aren’t replaced during maintenance checks. Tom Walsh, an airline pilot who also works as a security consultant, said that engines that break apart can be especially serious if the parts end up cutting fuel lines or damaging other vital components of the aircraft. But he said even such catastrophic failures don’t necessarily doom a plane — even if a pilot runs out of runway and must take off. “Planes are meant to fly with one engine,” said Walsh, who has also flown Boeing 767s. “We are trained so that we can lose the engine at the worst possible time … and then still successfully take off and land.” One of the best-known incidents of uncontained engine failure occurred in 1989, when 111 people were killed when a United Air Lines DC-10 crashed while making an emergency landing at Sioux City, Iowa. There were 185 survivors. Such engine failures are taken “very seriously” in the aviation industry, said John Cox, a former airline pilot and aviation safety consultant. It’s mandatory that airlines report the failures to the NTSB, he said. “It’s something everyone in aviation safety tracks very carefully,” said Cox, president of Safety Operating Systems. Engines are especially vulnerable to overheating that can cause parts to fail during takeoffs when they are already operating at very high temperatures, said John Goglia, a former National Transportation Safety Board member and expert on aircraft maintenance. The giant blades inside the engines are revolving at about 13,000 rpm, he said. When one comes loose, it’s like firing a bullet, he said. The aircraft involved in Friday’s incident was built in 2003 and is among American’s youngest planes of that model. According to data from FlightGlobal, an aviation news and industry data company, at the start of this year the plane had flown more than 47,000 hours and made more than 7,500 cycles — each takeoff and landing is one cycle. American is flying 767 aircraft that have more than 100,000 hours and 18,000 cycles. Share this: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Like this: Like Loading... Related Tags: American Airlines Flight 383, engine failure No Comments » ← Police: Manhunt for Oklahoma suspect Michael Vance is over Police try to ID shooter who injured 6 during block party → Leave a Reply Cancel reply News Videos LATEST View the e-Edition online Click above to view the e-Edition Recent Comments John Bevys on CEO of Mississippi-based company chosen for White House Business Council   Gabriel Paul Dennis on Fight to change state flag continues Regina sparks young on IN MEMORIAM: Spiegel “Billy” McCallum Lyndia Johnson Sanyika on Midwifery stories sought Kelly M Stout on Mom gets life for putting baby in oven Events•Happenings Mississippi Link Newspaper Copyright © 2012 The Mississippi Link. Website developed by Ross Publishing & Design %d bloggers like this:
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines November 14, 2016 | British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet November 11, 2016 | Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration November 10, 2016 | Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship November 8, 2016 | US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive November 7, 2016 | WATCH: S-97 Raider Flies with Wheels Up Search for: Home Air Northrop Sees Good Times Ahead for Big Defense Firms TOPICS:B-21Long Range Strike-BomberLRSBNorthrop GrummanRaiderWes Bush An unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile launches during an operational test Sept. 5, 2016, at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. Northrop Grumman predicts more growth opportunities in its defense forecast as the Pentagon looks to rebuild the ICBM fleet. (U.S. Air Force photo/Michael Peterson) Posted By: Richard Sisk October 31, 2016 Northrop Grumman Corp., which won the contract last year to build the new B-21 “Raider” bomber for the Air Force, reported solid sales and profits in its latest quarterly earnings report and predicted more growth opportunities in its defense forecast as the Pentagon rebuilds. In a report last week and in a conference call with analysts, Northrop CEO and President Wes Bush said the firm would be a major player in the current competition with Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp. to build what the Air Force is now calling the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent to replace the Minuteman III Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles. In the third-quarter, Northrop reported sales of $6.2 billion, a 3-percent increase over third quarter 2015, while earnings rose to $602 million from $516 million, Reuters reported. “Our third quarter results demonstrate that we continue to build a strong foundation for profitable growth over the long term,” Bush said. In a defense forecast, the chief executive officer said the rising sales and profits were expected to continue as the Defense Department invests in new systems and overhauls old ones — despite the gridlock in Congress over the defense budget. “It is an interesting time in that it’s clear that there’s a significant re-capitalization wave that’s underway across a number of our customer communities,” Bush said. “Quite frankly, it’s one that’s been deferred for quite a long time.” The Pentagon was “facing the need to address a number of not only re-capitalizations of older, existing assets,” he said, “but also the need to address what’s going on around the globe in terms of the emergence of more aggressive threat profiles.” Bush cited the need for “the recapitalization of the nuclear infrastructure” with the GBSD to replace the Minuteman IIIs, which have been the backbone of the nation’s nuclear triad. “This too is an imperative for the country given the amount of time it has been since we really invested in our ICBM fleet,” he said. “It’s an area of strong expertise and knowledge-base in our company, so we see that as a really good opportunity.” Last month, at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said of the Minuteman IIIs, “If we don’t replace these systems, quite simply they will age even more and become unsafe, unreliable and ineffective.” The Air Force has estimated that the Minuteman III replacements will cost about $62 billion but Bloomberg News last month, citing the Pentagon’s Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office, put the price tag at $85 billion. Previous post Next post About the Author Richard Sisk Richard Sisk is a reporter for Military.com. He can be reached at richard.sisk@military.com. Related Articles Air Force Begins Massive B-52 Overhaul Boeing, Lockheed Drop Challenge to Next-Gen Bomber Contract Lockheed Corners Army’s Future Helicopter Programs Air Force Keeps Bomber Price Tag at $550 Million Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @DoDBuzz Recent Posts British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive WATCH: S-97 Raider Flies with Wheels Up Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook
Log out Login User Name Password   Forgot Password   Login Register Now عربي FR The time and date in the UAE: 4:27 AM Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Last Updated November 16, 2016 12:56 AM Bulletin Photos Videos   News Bulletin Reports Photos Videos Archives News Categories Emirates International Economics Sports International Aid Features Miscellaneous You are here: Home > Masdar Institute to host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum Masdar Institute to host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 31/10/2016 02:24:03 PM Tweet Send Email Please provide your email address Send PicturesVideos ABU DHABI, 31st October, 2016 (WAM) -- The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium, SBRC, a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways and Boeing, along with Takreer, SAFRAN and General Electric, today announced it is to organise the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi. To be held on 1st and 2nd November at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall, the event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organised in collaboration with the University of Arizona. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture, or agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass. During the forum, the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project, the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System, SEAS. The forum will aim to strengthen collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organisations in the field of bioenergy. Dr. Behjat Al Yousuf, Interim Provost, Masdar Institute, said, "The Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum is an excellent platform to discuss Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts in renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production. With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months." James Hogan, Etihad Aviation Group President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi. The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum." The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March 2016 on a 2-hectare site in Abu Dhabi. WAM/Hazem/Moran Next Story:Qatari Prime Minister meets Algerian Interior Minister Back to top WAM on Facebook WAM on Twitter Tweets by @wamnews_eng Prayer Times www.awqaf.ae Quick Links About WAM Services Reports Contact Us Feedback Site Map Survey The News Emirates News International News Economy Sports News Multimedia Pictures Videos Photo, Video and Print purchase Newsletter To subscribe to periodic bulletin WAM Newsletter Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions     Emirates News Agency, all rights reserved © 2015

CHINA BRIEFING Enquiries Professional Services Publications & Editorial Need assistance on doing business in Asia? Contact our professionals here Need help with your Publication Store orders? Want to leave a comment or question? Contact us here Language Desk News DE IT FR ES Aktuelle Nachrichten China führt weitumfassende, neue Regeln für die Transfergebühr ein Außenwirtschaftsnews zur Zertifizierung in China Oktober 2016 Notizie Recenti L’occupazione femminile in Cina La business license è ora 5-in-1 Dernières Nouvelles Faux Départ: L’Importance du Dépôt de Marques en Chine Options Disponibles Lors de la Restructuration d’une Entreprise en Chine Últimas Noticias La complejidad de los precios de transferencia en servicios entre empresas Entendimiento los métodos de precios de transferencia y su regulación en China Toggle navigation MENU Home About Us News Personnel Download Brochure Regional Intelligence Publication Store Events Knowledge Sharing Connect with Us OTHER RESOURCES Dezan Shira & Associates Visit Website All about our firm and the services it provides to foreign investors throughout Asia News from Asia Briefing Visit Website China Plans Revamp of its Medical Devices Industry, Date Set for India's GST, and Details of Hong Kong's DTA With Russia China Introduces New Transfer Pricing Rules, India Set to Implement National Education Policy, and Opportunities in ASEAN's Emerging Sharing Economy China Targets Reduced Meat Consumption, India Looks to Allow Foreign Law Firms to Practice, and Malaysia Raises Minimum Wage New 24/7 Trading Law in India, the Philippines to Lower its CIT, and an Analysis of China's e-Waste Crisis China Bans Foreign Investment in Tobacco While More Sectors Open up for 'Automatic' Investment in India News from ASEAN Briefing Visit Website ASEAN Regulatory Brief: Singapore GST Audits, Philippines Dormant Bank Accounts, and Malaysia-China Bilateral Ties ASEAN Market Watch: Malaysia CIT Reduction, Indonesia Ease of Doing Business, and Cambodia Rice Exports Analyzing Myanmar’s New Foreign Investment Law ASEAN Regulatory Brief: Singapore-India Tax Treaty, Foreign Ownership of Property in Indonesia, and Malaysia Halal Food Certification The Guide to Manufacturing in Indonesia – New Issue of ASEAN Briefing Magazine News from China Briefing Visit Website Dezan Shira & Associates Hosts LEA Conference in Shanghai China Market Watch: Alibaba Breaks Singles' Day Record and China to Become Asia Pacific's Largest Cruise Market Q&A: Investing in China's Food and Beverage Industry The Benefits of Cluster Manufacturing – China’s Advantage Upcoming Singles’ Day to Provide Peek into Future of e-Commerce in China News from India Briefing Visit Website India Market Watch: India’s High Currency Demonetization and Abu Dhabhi Global Market (ADGM) Woos Indian Investors City Spotlight: Investing in India’s Hyderabad Indian Government Bans 500, 1000 Currency Denominations to Curb Black Money India Regulatory Brief: Multi-tier GST Structure Finalized and Gujarat Only State to Operationalize the Real Estate Act Role of India’s National Company Law Tribunal News from Indonesia Briefing Visit Website Indonesia Financial Accounting Standard (IFAS) 70 in Support of Tax Amnesty Program Indonesian Stimulus Gets Serious with Major Negative List Revisions Remitting Profits Overseas from Indonesia Understanding Tax Treatment of Representative Offices in Indonesia Setting Sail in the Sea of Java: An Introduction to Indonesian Aquaculture News from Vietnam Briefing Visit Website Trump, Trade, and the Future of the Trans Pacific Partnership Vietnam Regulatory Brief: Cambodian Tariffs, Freight Charges, and Government Optimization in Da Nang Vietnam Set to Update Transfer Pricing Thresholds from 2017 Vietnam Market Watch: Housing Tax, Garment Exports, and Investment in Quang Ninh Vietnam Regulatory Brief: Import Tariffs, Business Fees, and Industrial Liquor Production News from Russia Briefing Visit Website Kazakhstan to Set Up its First Cargo Airline Severstal to Export Chinese Steel to EU to Avoid the Utmost Anti-dumping Tariffs China Propose to Set Free Trade Zone between Shanghai Cooperation Organization Members Soyuz MS-02 to Launch New Crew Into Orbit from Kazakh Steppe Apple Pay to Launch in Russia STORE SUBSCRIBE / LOGIN Email address Password Remember Me Login SUBSCRIBE Forgot your password? SEARCH Search Search Tips Payroll in China VAT Business Advisory E-commerce Show Submenu Business Intelligence from Dezan Shira & Associates News Daily Updates Economy & Trade Human Resources & Payroll Industries Language French German Italian Russian Spanish Legal & Regulatory Marketing & Digital Media Region Central China East China North China South China West China Tax & Accounting Previous Article « China & Russia Propose Vast Eurasian Free Trade Zone & SCO Development Bank Next Article La business license è ora 5-in-1 » China Market Watch: Civil Air Market Open to Private Investment and Railway Investment Targets Met Posted on October 31, 2016 by China Briefing First three quarters see steel exports rise by 2.4%, coal and steel capacity reduction targets met China’s steel exports stood at 85 million metric tons in the first nine months of 2016, up 2.4 percent from the same period last year. This increase has been accredited to Asian countries whose construction demand is high, and will continue to rise due to belt and road projects, with property, transport, environmental management and irrigation infrastructure generating the most demand. For the last quarter of 2016, real estate, construction and machinery manufacture will consume the most steel. The increase in anti-dumping tariffs and other trade frictions have made many steel producing companies focus on direct sales overseas, cutting out trade companies in order to understand firsthand the requirements of buyers. Meanwhile, domestically, China is expected to hit its annual steel output target by the end of this month, following efforts to reduce capacity of heavy commodities. Similar targets for coal are expected to be met by the end of November, according to the National Development and Reform Commission. Over 80 percent of the targeted reductions were met by the steel and coal sectors by the end of this September, with some larger state-owned enterprises already hitting the annual targets, due to strengthened supervision and inspection. China fully opens civilian airport market to private capital            The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) has opened up the country’s civilian airport market to private investment. A guideline granting access allows private investment into all airport projects in the outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Investment and public private partnerships have been encouraged in an effort to improve service quality and efficiency, and no longer require agency approval to fund terminals, logistical facilities and warehousing, ground services, etc. Boeing has estimated that in 20 years, China’s aviation market will become the world’s first to exceed a value of USD 1 trillion, requiring over 6800 new aircrafts to fulfill demand. Currently, numbers of domestic airports are insufficient for the increasing volume of passengers.  Opening the market to foreign investment is hoped to alleviate financial pressure in the country’s efforts to accelerate construction projects. China set to meet annual railway investment target China is set to hit its annual railway investment target, with its fixed-asset investment in the sector reaching RMB 542.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2016, up 10.3 percent from the previous year. This figure was boosted by an increase in state investment, which rose by 12 percent to RMB 517 billion. Railway construction has seen growth since the beginning of the year, and is sure to exceed the fixed asset investment target of RMB 800 billion. There are 45 railway projects set for 2016, adding a further 3,200 kilometer of rail, 1,300 of which will be for high speed railways. China has an extensive and efficient rail system, but has recently looked to its underdeveloped western regions which are behind in construction terms; two further railway projects with a total investment of RMB 79.47 billion have been approved. Plans to spend RMB 3.5 trillion have been drafted to lay over 30,000 km of track in central and western regions within the next five years. About Us Asia Briefing Ltd. is a subsidiary of Dezan Shira & Associates. Dezan Shira is a specialist foreign direct investment practice, providing corporate establishment, business advisory, tax advisory and compliance, accounting, payroll, due diligence and financial review services to multinationals investing in China, Hong Kong, India, Vietnam, Singapore and the rest of ASEAN. For further information, please email china@dezshira.com or visit www.dezshira.com. Stay up to date with the latest business and investment trends in Asia by subscribing to our complimentary update service featuring news, commentary and regulatory insight. Establishing & Operating a Business in China 2016 Establishing & Operating a Business in China 2016, produced in collaboration with the experts at Dezan Shira & Associates, explores the establishment procedures and related considerations of the Representative Office (RO), and two types of Limited Liability Companies: the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise (WFOE) and the Sino-foreign Joint Venture (JV). The guide also includes issues specific to Hong Kong and Singapore holding companies, and details how foreign investors can close a foreign-invested enterprise smoothly in China. An Introduction to Doing Business in China 2016 Doing Business in China 2016 is designed to introduce the fundamentals of investing in China. Compiled by the professionals at Dezan Shira & Associates in June 2016, this comprehensive guide is ideal not only for businesses looking to enter the Chinese market, but also for companies who already have a presence here and want to keep up-to-date with the most recent and relevant policy changesSelling, Sourcing and E-commerce in China 2016 Selling, Sourcing and E-Commerce in China 2016 (First Edition) This guide, produced in collaboration with the experts at Dezan Shira & Associates, provides a comprehensive analysis of all these aspects of commerce in China. It discusses how foreign companies can best go about sourcing products from China; how foreign retailers can set up operations on the ground to sell directly to the country’s massive consumer class; and finally details how foreign enterprises can access China’s lucrative yet ostensibly complex e-commerce market. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Previous Article « China & Russia Propose Vast Eurasian Free Trade Zone & SCO Development Bank Next Article La business license è ora 5-in-1 » Featured News Q&A: Investing in China's Food and Beverage Industry The Benefits of Cluster Manufacturing – China’s Advantage Upcoming Singles’ Day to Provide Peek into Future of e-Commerce in China City Spotlight: Innovation in Shenzhen Chasing China's Outbound Direct Investment News via PR Newswire About China Briefing Overview History Personnel Expert Contributors Social Media Email Newsletter / Subscription Service News Economy & Trade Tax & Accounting Legal & Regulatory Industries Human Resources & Payroll Client Solutions Business Intelligence Creative Design Editorial Marketing Website and Digital Platform Development Regional Intelligence North China Beijing Changchun Dalian Harbin Qingdao Shenyang Tianjin West China Chengdu Chongqing East China Hangzhou Nanjing Ningbo Shanghai Suzhou Wuxi Xiamen South China Dongguan Foshan Guangzhou Hong Kong Huizhou Jiangmen Macau Shenzhen Zhaoqing Zhongshan Zhuhai Publication Store Visit Publications My Account My Order History Products Events Upcoming Events Event Archive Asia Events Global Events Knowledge Sharing Knowledge Sharing Platform International Tax Treaties Podcasts & Webinars Investor Tools Media Partners Partners Partnership Program Connect with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Media Regional Business News Share & Follow © 1992-2016 Dezan Shira & Associates All Rights Reserved. Scroll to top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Monday, October 31, 2016  |  Muharram 30 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Emirates is the biggest customer for the Airbus A380, which has become a key plank in the rapid expansion of its global route network. Ollie Dale / AFP Emirates deploys Airbus A380 aircraft on Christchurch and Auckland routes The National staff October 31, 2016 Updated: October 31, 2016 12:45 PM Related A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first WestJet beats expectations on profit A380 the star as Emirates’ superjumbo starts flights to the Land of the Hobbits Emirates A380 to take on world’s longest flight from Dubai to Auckland Emirates reveals 360-degree tour of A380 flight deck – video Topics: Emirates Airline Airbus Emirates has introduced its flagship A380 double-decker aircraft on two New Zealand routes on the same day. The capacity increase on its Christchurch service and its non-stop Dubai-Auckland flight means that Emirates now has an all-A380 offering across its five daily New Zealand services, it said. The Dubai carrier had previously deployed Boeing 777s to the cities. Along with the non-stop route, Emirates also operates three other daily A380 services between Dubai and Auckland through the Australian cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. Emirates this week also revealed it planned to upgrade one of its nine daily flights between Dubai and Doha to an Airbus A380 from December 1. The airline is the biggest customer for the Airbus A380, which has become a key plank in the rapid expansion of its global route network. Still, the manufacturer Airbus plans to reduce the assembly rate of the plane to one per month from 2018, it confirmed. It said the market for the aircraft was "very thin" and that finding new buyers was taking longer than expected. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first WestJet beats expectations on profit A380 the star as Emirates’ superjumbo starts flights to the Land of the Hobbits Emirates A380 to take on world’s longest flight from Dubai to Auckland More Airbus Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe New A320s for biggest Thai budget airline as profits go stratospheric MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws At Morocco orphanage, an Emirati project lights up children’s lives Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Travel Why Selfie Sticks Have Become Human Hazard Travel Why Selfie Sticks Have Become Human Hazard Seven Gear & Gadgets That Have Transformed Travel Oct 31, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Unless you just rocketed in from space, you must have come across one or two places that have so far prohibited the use of selfie sticks. Invented as a darling, hassle-free hi-tech assist, the lot has now been labeled a human-hazard, with a death rate overtaking that of deep blue water sharks! A sad ending to it’s triumphant rule in the digital age, and improved travel adventures. Away from the misfortunes and everlasting smartphone goodness, travel.jumia.com brings you some of the gadgets and gears that have really transformed the the wanderers’ escapades. In-flight entertainment technology Gen Y, with their love for Netflix and all things livestream may not understand how anyone can possibly survive an hour or two with no internet connection; a whole hundred and twenty seconds out of touch! Needless to say, an eight-hough long haul with seemingly frozen black and white frozen already sounds like capital punishment. For those who have been across high seas, oceans, mountain peaks and desserts in the underbellies of a Boeing with an entertainment menu that simply stops at snacks and bites, you need to publish an all-telling journal! As for the rest of the generations and I, we look forward to the possibilities of free and fast in-flight wifi. Luggage scale Surprises at the check in lounge can be pleasant; a new friend, a long lost friend or the realization that you are now entering a tax free zone. On the other hand, watching the pointers run down south the scale, as your travel allowance follows suit can be traumatizing! With the advent of luggage scales, such tragedy is pushed back into the stone age; you can now confidently strut into the waiting lounge, knowing very well that your three layers of shoes, boxes of spices and a planet of gadgetry is safe. Travel adapters Until some sort of air-power is invented, we shall gladly rejoice and hail Harvey Hubbel for leading the way in this field. Unlike before, traversing the earth without worrying about running out of power due to issues of compatibility is now an issue that is no longer on the traveler’s life-hack directory. Portable chargers and power cards Carrying your own power reserves is a wise thing to do. This ensures that you do not go out of reach for battery issues, and you can keep every involved soul at peace in the knowledge that they can reach you anytime.Just be cautious when, manufacturers at times tend to take their pitch overboard with empty promises of long life, and undying power. Scrubba wash bag As children, and regardless of your faith and religion or lack of it, we were all taught the importance of cleanliness as being next to godliness. Now, who can break that? The guys at scrubba seem to totally honor this belief, and also hold a soft spot for backpackers. With such an indefatigable spirit, they devised this all-forgiving super bag that converts from a storage space, to a washing machine and a drying line all at the snap of a finger. The super jacket When it comes to maximizing on resources, nothing beats this Baubax jacket. Like magic, it morphs into a sleeping mask, grows gloves anytime you need them and has secret tunnels for gadget wiring. Such is the alien-like life of this piece; only that this one, does exist and almost regenerate it’s parts. The jacket is also quite pretentious, and looks totally innocent to an inexperienced eye. All this and more, but perhaps the coolest thing is that apart from providing safe nest for your UV sunglasses, it also comes with a microfiber cloth to wipe off any stray films of dust on your valued eyepiece. Language translators From the age of Egyptian hieroglyph inscriptions, to the later days of the popular Nairobi slang (sheng’), language has always been vital to the existence, survival and evolution of the human race. Therefore when digital translators were introduced in the travel market, the inventors opened a new gate to socio-economic power; gifting each of us the power to relate and associate in new territories. By Lillian Gaitho, Jumia Travel Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Gadgets hassle-free hi-tech assist human-hazard selfie sticks Seven Gear Transformed Travel SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleStarr Woman Project 3 Plans a Big Finish for 2016 Next articleUni. of Agriculture Is Surviving – Okyehene Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Promoting Tourism: TOUGHA Signs Agreement With South Africa GTA Moves To Promote Tourism China to become Asia Pacific’s largest cruise tourism market LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Happy Odonkor Hits Street With New Album Effects Of Trump’s Election On Nigeria Nigerian Senate Disapproves Buhari’s Ambassadorial Nominee MTN Awarded With 4g Lte Engineering Excellence The Need For Peace In Ghana BREAKING NEWS Nov. 15 world news summary at 0045 GMT Nov. 13 major Zambian media outlets Nov. 13 major South African media outlets Nov. 13 major Kenyan media outlets ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 23 497 2832 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2014 News Ghana
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election 2016 Health, Science, Environment Politics & Issues Ferguson Coverage Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election 2016 Health, Science, Environment Politics & Issues Ferguson Coverage Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Wisconsin governor latest to aid Missouri's bipartisan get-out-the-vote effort By Jo Mannies • Oct 31, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker headlined a parade of Missouri Republican candidates who exhorted local allies Sunday to do all they can to help generate a GOP sweep on Nov. 8. “If you’re going to turn the country around, first off, you need to do it in the states,” said Walker, who was campaigning primarily on behalf of Eric Greitens, Missouri’s GOP nominee for governor. Greitens is locked in a tight contest with his Democratic rival, Attorney General Chris Koster. Walker traveled Sunday with Greitens and other Missouri candidates to the state’s most-populous regions – Springfield, Kansas City and St. Louis. The blitz came about 48 hours after Vice President Joe Biden held a St. Louis rally aimed at energizing Democrats. With just over a week to go, both major parties are focused on GOTV – “get out the vote.” Their attention is less on wooing new voters and more about energizing their bases of support. That’s why Missouri is attracting a number of big-name political figures in the final days of campaigning, from Biden and Walker to U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz,  R-Texas. Cruz, popular among social conservatives, is due to be in the GOP stronghold of southwest Missouri shortly to whip up support for Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo.  Blunt is battling for re-election against Democrat Jason Kander, currently Missouri’s secretary of state. Eric Greitens, Missouri's GOP candidate for governor, embraces Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker during a get-out-the-vote rally in Chesterfield. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio Biden’s chief objective Friday was to promote Kander. Koster is slated this afternoon to address the largely union workforce at Boeing Co. in Bridgeton, as part of a series of campaign stops scheduled this week. Trump lauded, Clinton lambasted Sunday’s GOP rally, held at the Doubletree hotel in Chesterfield, was particularly noteworthy because the rally –  organized by and for Greitens – also featured all of the state’s Republican  statewide contenders. Such a rare display signaled the state GOP’s bid to show its ticket as a bloc. That may be due, in part, to the fact that polls indicate that most of the state’s Republican statewide candidates are garnering less support than their man at the top of the ticket, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. If Greitens and Blunt were capturing all of the Trump supporters as well, both would have decent leads over their Democratic rivals. They do not. The GOP also is trying to lump all of Missouri’s statewide Democrats together as well, largely so the Democrats can be tied to their presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, who Republicans expect to lose –at least in Missouri. Republicans hope the Clinton link will be particularly potent since Friday's bombshell that the FBI is examining recently unearthed emails that may or may not be linked to the earlier federal probe that dealt with her private internet server and whether she had inappropriately handled classified materials. She was not charged. U.S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, R-St. Elizabeth, compared the new FBI examination to the Wizard of Oz, and recalled the scene where Dorothy’s dog pulls back the curtain on the ordinary man pretending to be the powerful wizard. “We had the curtain pulled back by a little dog called the ‘Wiener dog,’ " the U.S. representative said, referring to former New York congressman Anthony Wiener, on whose laptop the emails were discovered. Wiener is the estranged husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Eric Greitens, Missouri GOP nominee for governor, blasts his Democratic opponent, Chris Koster, at Sunday's Republican rally in Chesterfield. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio The FBI has yet to examine the emails, and some agency officials say it’s unclear if any are tied to Clinton. But Luetkemeyer asserted, “Hillary has finally been tripped up. … We really know what she’s been up to, how she thinks. At some point, she is going to get her ‘just due.’” His audience cheered, with some launching into the “Lock her up!” chant that has been popular with some Republicans for months. Several speakers, including Greitens, noted that a Clinton political action committee has donated $500,000 to aid Missouri’s statewide Democratic ticket. Walker unpopular with labor Walker, in office since he won in 2010, has been a polarizing figure in the labor movement. Among other things, he led the fight to put in place a “right-to-work" law in Wisconsin, which bars unions and employers from requiring all workers in a bargaining unit to pay dues or fees. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker at Sunday's rally for Eric Greitens, GOP nominee for Missouri governor. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio Walker alluded to his efforts to curb labor rights indirectly Sunday. He contended that Wisconsin has a lower unemployment rate than Missouri – 4.1 percent to Missouri’s 5.2 percent – because of “a change a few years back.” Walker said that Greitens holds similar views and will “clean up the mess in state government and make this state great again.” Greitens called Walker “a perfect example of a strong conservative who stood against special interests, took on the status quo and got results for families.” Greitens added that, if elected, he'd commit to doing the same. Greitens has repeatedly promised to sign a “right to work’’ law in Missouri. Gov. Jay Nixon has blocked several efforts by the General Assembly’s GOP majority to put such a measure into effect. Missouri AFL-CIO President Mike Louis contended in a statement Sunday that Walker’s own presidential bid fizzled because of “his anti-working people policies. ... I’m glad he is here. It clearly demonstrates that Eric Greitens is cut from the same cloth. Greitens policies would endanger our paychecks and our safety at work.” At the rally, Greitens repeated his longstanding attacks against Koster, such as pointing out that a sizable chunk of Koster’s campaign money has come from unions. Greitens has called Koster “corrupt" and  asserted Sunday that Koster’s counterattacks have been launched because Koster “is clearly desperate because his 22-year career in politics is coming to an end.” Greitens and Walker slammed Koster’s support for expanding Medicaid in the state, as recommended by the federal Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Walker also has blocked Medicaid expansion in Wisconsin. Koster’s campaign replied, in part, “Scott Walker and Eric Greitens are a perfect pair. Just like Walker, Eric wants to cut funding for public schools, fight against fair wages for workers, and withhold resources from hospitals in need. Both have also shown they will do absolutely anything to feed their ambitions to climb the political ladder.” Tags:  Eric Greitens 2016 Governor 2016 Missouri elections Election 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Koster, Greitens oppose tobacco-tax proposals, but split on other ballot measures 3 weeks ago Man on a Mission: Greitens embarks on quest to become Missouri's governor 3 weeks ago With party switch in his past, Koster hopes to blaze a new trail as governor 3 weeks ago Koster, Greitens fight over who best respects, and defends, women 1 month ago Biden urges crowd at packed Pageant to get Kander to U.S. Senate 2 weeks ago View the discussion thread. St. Louis Public Radio is a service of © 2016 St. Louis Public Radio Contact Us Directions & Map Listening Options Membership News & On-Air Staff

RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:15 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur °C, MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery World American Air jet fire forces evacuation as eight injured Monday October 31, 2016 12:33 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An American Airlines airplane sits at the O'Hare Airport in Chicago, October 2, 2014. One of the airlines pilot died on board a flight in the US yesterday (October 5, 2015). — Reuters pic CHICAGO, Oct 31 — An American Airlines jetliner caught fire while preparing for takeoff from Chicago’s O’Hare airport, sending columns of thick black smoke into the air as passengers fled on escape slides. Seven travelers and one flight attendant reported injuries and were taken to a hospital for evaluation, said Leslie Scott, an American spokeswoman. The Boeing Co 767 reported an engine malfunction just before the fire, Scott said. The US Federal Aviation Administration initially said the fire occurred after a tire burst and later issued a statement saying it occurred “after experiencing a problem during takeoff”. “There was a huge explosion on the right-hand side of the airplane,” Hector Cardenas, a passenger on the plane, told the ABC television affiliate in Chicago.  “Everyone was sort of panicking.” Charred wing Cardenas said the plane was about to take off when the explosion occurred.  The last ground speed was recorded at 115 knots, or 132 miles an hour, Flightradar24 posted on Twitter.  The fire blackened one side of the plane, and pictures appeared to show the charred wing on that side drooping toward the ground. The pilots aborted the takeoff, said the FAA, which will investigate. Flight 383, headed for Miami, carried 161 passengers and nine crew members. They were taken to an airport terminal by buses. The National Transportation Safety Board also is sending three investigators to the scene, the agency said on Twitter. Three of the airport’s runways were closed following the incident, the Chicago Department of Aviation said in a statement. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Chicago reaffirms immigrant ‘sanctuary’ status after Trump’s win Former French president Sarkozy hit by fresh claims of Gaddafi campaign funding Ukraine in uproar over 24-year-old named minister Iraq says a third of east Mosul recaptured from Islamic State After more than 50 years, Singapore to have second Malay president in 2017 Trump and his aides plan next moves as protests spread (VIDEO) Tsunami hits New Zealand after series of strong quakes Trump considers seeking Bill Clinton’s advice Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles When electoral system fails to reflect voter preference — Sin Chew Daily Klinsmann wants angry US after World Cup blow Injured Howard to miss US qualifier in Costa Rica On ‘SNL’, Dave Chappelle wishes Donald Trump luck Breaking that highest and hardest glass ceiling — Azrul Mohd Khalib Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 16, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Berlin’s wild charms make it first choice for Syrian artists Erdogan helps Turkish actor ask for Moroccan beauty queen’s hand in marriage Japanese actor Mifune honored with star in Hollywood ‘The Rock’ talks a future in politics, including potential White House run Lindsay Lohan invites US President-elect Trump to visit Syria and Turkey with her AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home World Asia China’s new J-20 stealth fighter screams on to scene World Asia China’s new J-20 stealth fighter screams on to scene Nov 2, 2016 260 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter during an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, China, on Tuesday. — Reuters ZHUHAI, China — China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country’s biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the US as the world’s top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai’s headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show’s opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by plane spotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. “It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability,” said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China’s appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast — similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group — said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China’s second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine — the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes — answered few questions. “I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can’t tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility,” said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. “Most importantly, we didn’t learn much about its radar cross-section.” A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the US arsenal, Lockheed’s F-35. The F-22, developed for the US Air Force, is the J-20’s closest lookalike. — Reuters SOURCEReuters TAGS air show China Fighter SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAs water dries up, West Bank village thirsts for a less precarious supply Next articleJet Airways uses wide-body A330s to expand Saudi-India connectivity Sadiq Hussain RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR China, Japan to join Bolt for Aussie event Pakistan, China launch new trade route China ruling bars Hong Kong politicians from taking office NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,484,174FansLike 41,071FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King receives message from Algerian president Nov 16, 2016 Crown Prince: Beef up efforts to fight sexual exploitation of children Nov 16, 2016 Arab League role important: King Nov 16, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince stresses more coordination to confront challenges Nov 16, 2016 Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Nov 16, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
null
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper The story appears on Page A3 November 2, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Nation Stealth fighters steal the show Source: AFP | November 2, 2016, Wednesday | Print Edition TWO of China’s J-20 stealth fighters yesterday swept over a gasping crowd at the Zhuhai air show. The fighters appeared in the sky just after a colorful aerobatics show by the People’s Liberation Army Air Force. With no fanfare but an abrupt announcement by the master of ceremonies, the jets flew side by side over the sun-baked spectators. Two minutes later one blasted vertically into the sky and the jets were gone. This year’s Zhuhai exhibition, the largest yet in the city in south China’s Guangdong Province, features an array of made-in-China military technology including assault vehicles, anti-aircraft missile systems, drones and fighter jets. Two huge exhibition rooms showcased the latest sea, land, and drone-based defense systems on giant screens, with enemy ships and aircraft as targets. Tourists posed next to missile launchers and atomic clocks used to control the country’s Beidou satellite navigation system. China’s only international aerospace expo, the Zhuhai event has become a key platform for top global aerospace firms to hawk their wares for a share of the booming aircraft market in the world’s second-largest economy. China is projected to become the world’s largest aviation market by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Boeing and Airbus are in competition to win Chinese customers for their aircraft, while homegrown national champions COMAC and AVIC aim to capture market share for Chinese firms. President Xi Jinping has declared aerospace one of the target industries for his “Made in China 2025” plan to make the country’s firms capable of dethroning foreign competitors. On Monday the president of state aerospace company AVIC — maker of the J-20 — said the firm had annual overseas earnings exceeding 80 billion yuan (US$11.8 billion) and declared its “sacred mission” to serve the country, carry out the strategic plan of the Communist Party, and “closely unite around the core leadership of Comrade Xi Jinping.” Nation <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly King and queen of crabs HK's High Court disqualifies 2 nation-insulting legislators-elect for violating Basic Law Nail-gun murderer executed Billionaire Warren Buffett invests in 3 big US airlines Evacuations underway in quake-hit New Zealand Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper View more » Latest Nation News Snow leopard makes a rare appearance Xi casts his vote Singles Day raises environmental concerns Millions of parcels waiting to be handled after Double 11 'shopathon' Cooperation is the ‘only choice’ Air in Beijing less hazardous so far this year View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
null
null
null
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement China unveils new stealth fighter to rival USAF 01 Nov 2016 China shows off its J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time, opening the its biggest airshow with a display of might. Experts say it's all part of a strategy to toughen up its military and narrow the gap with Washington. Eve Johnson reports. Video Transcript An ear-splitting message to the world from China.... Debuting its new J-20 stealth fighter. at the country's biggest airshow in the southern city of Zhuhai on Tuesday Experts say the stealth jet is a big step forward for the country's military.... As Beijing races to narrow the gap with Washington. Reuters Brenda Goh was among the crowd at the fly-by. SOUNDBITE (English) BRENDA GOH, REUTERS, SAYING: "It's the highlight of the event because the Chinese air force only revealed on Friday that it was going to showcase the J-20 for the first time ever in public. Up until now the jet has only been seen by bloggers by a series of photographs that they managed to take of the flight testing in secret. It's radar evading fighter and one of the most powerful fighters China has ever produced." Experts say the big question is how the Chinese fighter keeps up with its lookalike - the American F-22 raptor. Some doubt its stealth capabilities... But insiders say it's a leap ahead of the country's first attempt - the J-31 - which was designed for export. The new stealth jet - they say - China developed for ITSELF as the country takes a more aggressive stance in the East and South China seas. But on to business... The Zhuhai airshow is about a lot more than military gear. SOUNDBITE (English) BRENDA GOH, REUTERS, SAYING: "Everyone is here because China's aviation market is growing 10 percent year on year and that means big business for the likes of plane makers like Boeing and Airbus, who are all here to sell their gear. But the issue is that China also wants to sell its own planes." COMAC is China's own airplane maker... It's C919 passenger jet is designed to compete with rivals Boeing and Airbus.... Although it won't be on display at the Zhuhai airshow... It's running years behind schedule and could be taking its maiden flight as late as 2017. Multimedia gallery The U.S.-Mexico border now gallery Supermoon of the century AUDIO Measuring HR effectiveness in the region AUDIO Brandy Scott's TED talk on happiness AUDIO How e-commerce will succeed in the Middle East AUDIO Why success is so closely tied to happiness Advertisement Most Popular Videos 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers 1 day ago - Reuters Videos Samsung buys Harman in $8 bln smart car push 1 day ago - Reuters Videos Goldman Sachs considers Frankfurt move 11 Nov 2016 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.


Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»World»China shows off stealth fighter in flyby debut China shows off stealth fighter in flyby debut 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on November 1, 2016 World Tweet A great leap in ability to project power in Asia ZHUHAI, China: Two of China’s secretive J-20 warplanes swept over a gasping crowd at the Zhuhai air show Tuesday, potent symbols of Beijing’s aspirations to military might. The fighters were not announced on the schedule and appeared in the sky just after a colorful aerobatics show by the People’s Liberation Army Air Force. With no fanfare but an abrupt announcement by the master of ceremonies, the dark, powerful jets rumbled side by side over the sun-baked spectators. Two minutes later one blasted vertically into the sky and the jets were gone. J-20 stealth fighter Swift and heavily armed, the warplanes represent a leap forward in China’s ability to project power in Asia and compete in capabilities with the United States. Beijing is seeking to modernize and upgrade its military both to protect its borders and project power into regions such as the South China Sea, a resource-rich strategic waterway where it has disputes with several neighbors. This year’s Zhuhai exhibition, the largest ever, features an array of new made-in-China military technology including assault vehicles, anti-aircraft missile systems, unmanned drones, and fighter jets. China’s only international aerospace expo, it serves as a stage for Beijing to flex its muscle before an audience of cheering citizens and foreign guests from 42 countries including Russia, Pakistan and Britain. It also has become a key platform for top global aerospace firms to hawk their wares for a share of the booming aircraft market in the world’s second-largest economy. China is projected to become the world’s largest aviation market by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Boeing and Airbus are in a heated competition to win Chinese customers for their aircraft, while homegrown national champions COMAC and AVIC aim to capture market share for Chinese firms. President Xi Jinping has declared aerospace one of the target industries for his “Made in China 2025” plan to make the country’s firms capable of dethroning foreign competitors in high-value manufacturing and services. On Monday the president of China’s state aerospace company AVIC — maker of the J-20 jet — said in Zhuhai that the firm had annual overseas earnings exceeding 80 billion yuan ($11.8 billion) and declared its “sacred mission” to serve the country, carry out the strategic plan of the Communist party, and “closely unite around the core leadership of comrade Xi Jinping”. AFP Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Leave A Reply Cancel Reply you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1020 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2016 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
null
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Latest News » World News ﻿ China debuts Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in show of strength at country's biggest air expo Last Updated: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 - 17:38 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Zhuhai: China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country`s biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world`s top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai`s headline act, swept over dignitaries and hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show`s opening ceremony in a 60-second flypast, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot at the site. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. Analysts say it is too early to say to what extent the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, developed for the US Air Force and the J-20`s closest lookalike, or the latest strike jet in the US arsenal, Lockheed`s F-35. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region`s power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010. Experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. Cao Qingfeng, an aircraft engineer watching the flypast, said the "stunning" display was a show of China`s strengthening aircraft industry and manufacturing - and Western officials agreed. "This shows they now have confidence to put it out inpublic," said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. "This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 isnot; this is the one they develop for themselves," he added. The export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear whether or how the J-20 would be displayed after the flypast, or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. Aircraft that are already scheduled to be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones include the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production, the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China`s claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent from the airshow schedule is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Europe`s Airbus Group and Boeing Co of the United States, the rivals who dominate the global supply of airliners. The 150-seater C919 is scheduled to stage an often-delayed maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will now slip to 2017 - three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6. Reuters First Published: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 - 17:38 More from zeenews   India Demonetisation move will cripple Naxal activities: Report Pending legislations to GST rollout high on government agenda Nationwide protest against National Medical Commission Bill on Wednesday More from India World Bashar al-Assad says Donald Trump a natural ally if he fights `terror` At least one person shot at Oklahoma City airport, flights halted Angela Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time, says spokesman More from World Sports ISL Result and Highlights: Chennaiyin FC end 5-match winless streak to down FC Pune City 2-0 WATCH: Anil Kumble blames Virender Sehwag for not scoring his second Test hundred Jurgen Klopp instilled winning mentality in Liverpool squad, claims Philippe Coutinho More from Sports Entertainment I'm taking Shah Rukh Khan's advice very seriously: Alia Bhatt Haven't plagiarised any song: 'Rock On 2' team 'Kaabil' journey was beautiful; audience will 'feel' the character, says Hrithik Roshan More from Entertaiment Health Bariatric surgery may reduce risk of heart failure MRI can help detect bone marrow cancer Eating meat may cause heart failure in older women More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi Zee Media Exclusive: What do people think of PM Modi's demonetisation move? Watch: PM Modi's mother visits bank in Gandhinagar to exchange old Rs 500 notes New currency notes of Rs 2000 and Rs 500 in ATMs from November 15 Watch: What is PM Modi's plan of transforming India in 50 days? EXPLAINED: How Rs 2000 note will curb black money - Gujarat CA's open letter to Arvind Kejriwal breaks internet - MUST READ 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Who is this girl and why is she trending after demonetisation move Dip your new Rs 2,000 note in water for 30 minutes and see the result - Amazing video Did this Indian businessman just surrender Rs 6,000 crore? When Arvind Kejriwal was welcomed with “Hai, Hai” and “Modi, Modi” slogans outside bank – Watch videos TAGS Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter China F-22 Raptor F-35 fighter jet Photos Fantasizing about @Lisaraniray is the best antidote to everything; Alia Bhatt during the launch of Filmfare Glamour and Style Cover PM Narendra Modi's mother Heeraben Modi shows the 2000 rupees note; BJYM workers wearing masks of PM Narendra Modi serve tea Supermoon Top Videos How politics over demonetisation is impacting the common people DNA: Analysing the impact of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes ban in J&K Watch: PM Modi's mother visits bank in Gandhinagar to exchange old Rs 500 notes Demonetisation: Govt to use indelible ink mark to avoid multiple currency exchanges More from other Sections Novak Djokovic beats Milos Raonic to book last four spot at Tour Finals Coach-less South Africa stretch unbeaten run Not entering Shah Rukh Khan's territory with 'Befikre', says Ranveer Singh Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor's 'You And Me' from 'Befikre' will inspire you to live carefree New superparamagnetic crystals to manage future drug delivery Nerve growth protein controls blood sugar, says study contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.

gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES CHINA November 16, 2016 | Last updated 5 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 11Events in next 7 days   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News UAE33 Courts3 Crime1 Education3 Emergencies Environment4 Government11 Health2 Culture3 Property Leisure Media Society7 Tourism1 Transport5 Weather More22 General1 top stories in UAE Mansour attends climate change conference How the UAE has worked for tolerance Why is tolerance so important? Gulf11 Bahrain1 Kuwait1 Oman1 Qatar2 Saudi Arabia2 Yemen4 top stories in Gulf Yemen says not informed about truce plan Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire on Thursday Arab region’s youth not a ‘liability’: UN envoy Mena10 Algeria Djibouti Egypt1 Eritrea Iran2 Iraq1 Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Palestine2 Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria4 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Al Assad says Trump could be 'natural ally' Iran says missile programme is ‘non-negotiable’ UN envoy says Trump ‘right to work with Russia’ Europe10 UK4 Germany1 France Italy1 Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia2 Other2 top stories in Europe Obama reassures Greece over commitment to Nato Russian minister held for $2m bribe Poland exhumes president, wife killed in crash Africa3 South Africa1 Nigeria1 Kenya1 Other top stories in Africa MSF: Thousands of kids die in northeast Nigeria South Africa’s opposition targets president Kenya ‘forcing refugees to war-torn Somalia’ Asia22 Afghanistan Australia India13 Pakistan4 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China2 Japan North Korea South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Firing and shelling in Sunderbani sector May looks forward to Pakistan visit Demonetisation a crusade against graft: Modi Americas11 USA10 Canada1 Mexico Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Official on leave after racist Obama post Attacks on Muslim Americans up, FBI says Trump, Putin talk of a reset Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport 4 Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus China’s secretive stealth fighter unveiled in fly-by debut Beijing is seeking to modernise and upgrade its military both to protect its borders and project power into regions A Chinese Y-20 heavy strategic transport aircraft is displayed at China's International Aviation and AerosImage Credit: AP A pair of J-20 stealth fighter jets fly at the China's International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Image Credit: AP‹› Published: 14:51 November 1, 2016 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Zhuhai, China: Two of China’s secretive J-20 warplanes swept over a gasping crowd at the Zhuhai air show on Tuesday, potent symbols of Beijing’s aspirations to military might. The fighters were not announced on the schedule and appeared in the sky just after a colourful aerobatics show by the People’s Liberation Army Air Force. With no fanfare but an abrupt announcement by the master of ceremonies, the dark, powerful jets rumbled side by side over the sun-baked spectators. Two minutes later one blasted vertically into the sky and the jets were gone. Swift and heavily armed, the warplanes represent a leap forward in China’s ability to project power in Asia and compete in capabilities with the United States. Beijing is seeking to modernise and upgrade its military both to protect its borders and project power into regions such as the South China Sea, a resource-rich strategic waterway where it has disputes with several neighbours. This year’s Zhuhai exhibition, the largest ever, features an array of new made-in-China military technology including assault vehicles, anti-aircraft missile systems, drones and fighter jets. Two huge exhibition rooms showcased the latest sea, land, and drone-based defence systems on giant screens, with enemy ships and aircraft as targets. Tourists posed next to missile launchers and atomic clocks used to control the country’s home-grown Beidou satellite navigation system. China’s only international aerospace expo, the Zhuhai event serves as a stage for Beijing to flex its muscles before an audience of cheering citizens and foreign guests from 42 countries including Russia, Pakistan and Britain. It has also become a key platform for top global aerospace firms to hawk their wares for a share of the booming aircraft market in the world’s second-largest economy. China is projected to become the world’s largest aviation market by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Boeing and Airbus are in a heated competition to win Chinese customers for their aircraft, while home-grown national champions COMAC and AVIC aim to capture market share for Chinese firms. President Xi Jinping has declared aerospace one of the target industries for his “Made in China 2025” plan to make the country’s firms capable of dethroning foreign competitors in high-value manufacturing and services. On Monday the president of China’s state aerospace company AVIC — maker of the J-20 jet — said in Zhuhai that the firm had annual overseas earnings exceeding 80 billion yuan ($11.8 billion) and declared its “sacred mission” to serve the country, carry out the strategic plan of the Communist party, and “closely unite around the core leadership of comrade Xi Jinping”. More from China Anti-China lawmakers axed from parliament First woman to fly J-10 fighter killed in crash Doctors grow ear on patient’s forearm China official’s Interpol role sparks concern UK banker jailed for life for Hong Kong murders China bars 2 Hong Kong lawmakers from office Hong Kong rallies against China wading into row Dubai, China share big ambitions and projects tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNXi Jinping follow this tag on MGNRussia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsAsiaChina tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNXi Jinping follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In ChinaChina executes man who killed official Framed Gallery Etihad Tolerance Day event at Zayed University Misery of Douma’s children continues GNTV Videos PlayDubai Canal opens with fireworks US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01First woman to fly J-10 fighter killed in crash 02Doctors grow ear on patient’s forearm 03Mother on phone as child dies in China Play Dubai Canal opens with fireworks Nov 09, 2016 Play US expatriates in Dubai on Trump's victory Nov 09, 2016 Play Prince Charles tours Humanitarian City in Dubai Nov 08, 2016 Play Watch: Stunning drone footage of Dubai Canal Nov 03, 2016 24Images Supermoon rises over UAE skyline Nov 14, 2016 19Images Aftershocks rattle New Zealand after big quake Nov 14, 2016 1Image Pakistan, China launch new trade route Nov 14, 2016 22Images Inside the Trump Tower in New York Nov 15, 2016 Country in Focus China Capital:Beijing Population:1.37 billion (WB, 2014) Languages:Standard Chinese or Mandarin (Putonghua, based on the Beijing Head of State:President XI Jinping Follow China on My Gulf News+mgn China: Weather today today-weatherBeijingShanghaiHong KongGuangzhouTianjinNanjing weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You And the new 'sexiest man alive' is ...PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Al Assad says Trump could be 'natural ally'PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Breaking News: Several elderly passengers injured in serious crash China aircraft market to hit nearly $1 tn in 20 years: Airbus AFP on November 1, 2016, 8:58 pm China aircraft market to hit nearly $1 tn in 20 years: Airbus Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share China aircraft market to hit nearly $1 tn in 20 years: Airbus - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Zhuhai (China) (AFP) - China will need nearly 6,000 aircraft worth $945 billion over the next two decades, aerospace giant Airbus said Tuesday at the Zhuhai air show. At that point China will be the world's number one source of air traffic and its top aircraft market, it said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. "Domestic passenger traffic in mainland China has quadrupled over the last 10 years, and is set to become the world's number one aviation market," said John Leahy, Airbus Chief Operating Officer Customers. "In the next 20 years, the greatest demand for passenger aircraft will come from China." China accounts for nearly a quarter of the European aircraft maker's deliveries, with 158 delivered to China last year. It is currently the second-largest aviation market after the US. Air travel is booming in the world's second-largest economy, as its burgeoning middle class spends more on travel, with overall air traffic growth of over 500 percent from 2000 to 2014, Airbus said. Despite slowing economic expansion and a challenging transition to a consumer economy, China's market for international air travel is predicted to average 6.7 percent annual growth for the next 20 years, it added. Airbus is locked in close competition with Boeing for China market share, with Airbus planes accounting for slightly less than half of the country's fleets. Meanwhile, homegrown Chinese competitors COMAC and AVIC seek to strip the foreign giants of their duopoly, and are developing single-aisle and wide-body planes with the explicit support of Beijing. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share China aircraft market to hit nearly $1 tn in 20 years: Airbus - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'Tragic accident': Brisbane man runs over his wife and son in driveway Man dies after torching ex-partner's home as she hid in bathroom Neil De Graaf suffered burns to 95 per cent of his body after he rammed his burning car into his ex-girlfriend's house. 'Shooter may have known victim': Man shot dead at Oklahoma airport A Southwest Airlines employee was shot and killed at Oklahoma City’s Will Rogers World Airport. Body of backpacker found dead in Mozambique to be brought home Despite the family of Melbourne diver Elly Warren being informed of a suspected sexual assault, Mozambique police believe the tourist was not raped or killed. Cyclist killed after being hit by truck in Geelong Teen with suspected meningococcal fights for life The boy was flown to Adelaide from Mount Gambier on Tuesday in a critical condition. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Oklahoma Police Capt: 'Shooter may have known victim' Why Hillary Clinton could still become president OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China Eastern Airlines in talks to place order for five of Comac’s home-made C919 aircraft  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies civil aviation China Eastern Airlines China Eastern Airlines China Eastern Airlines in talks to place order for five of Comac’s home-made C919 aircraft PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 01 November, 2016, 4:31pm UPDATED : Tuesday, 01 November, 2016, 11:00pm Comments:   Celia Chen Share PrintEmail Related topics China Eastern Airlines More on this story China Business Comac celebrates new plane orders at Zhuhai Air Show 12 Nov 2014 Comac to unveil first buyers of C919 aircraft 23 Sep 2009 China Business Comac's C919 jet to complete assembly by September 2015 25 Sep 2014 East Asia Japan’s first passenger jet makes maiden test flight, days after China’s Comac C919 rolled out 11 Nov 2015 Related Articles Society ‘Near collision’ at Shanghai airport: China Eastern plane takes off as another jet crosses runway 12 Oct 2016 Companies China Eastern Airlines, online travel agency Ctrip call ceasefire with partnership deal 21 Apr 2016 Companies More seats than passengers as Chinese airlines expand too fast 21 Apr 2016 China Eastern Airlines Corp is in talks to become the latest customer of Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac), giving a much-needed leg up to the order books of the country’s home-grown aircraft manufacturer. The Shanghai-based carrier was finalising plans to place an order for five of Comac’s C919 single-aisle passenger jets, with as many as 168 seats in standard configurations, Yang Yang, the aircraft maker’s director of the marketing research centre, said at the Zhuhai Air Show. China Eastern’s order brought the commitments for C919 to 570 aircraft by 23 customers, including Air China, China Southern Airlines and Citic Financial Leasing, Yang said, without revealing the catalogue price of the plane. Comac, also based in Shanghai, is the latest iteration of China’s ambition to nurture a domestic manufacturer to break the duopoly held by Airbus and Boeing in the assembly of civilian aircraft carrying more than 150 passengers. The C919 first rolled off the assembly lines in November 2015. The aircraft has a range of 2,200 to 3,000 nautical miles, allowing a Shanghai-based airline to fly it as far south as the Indonesian capital of Jakarta, as far west as Lahore in Pakistan and as far east as Tokyo, according to Comac’s marketing brochures. A New York-based C919 customer could potentially fly the aircraft to the US West Coast, as far south as Bogota and as far north as Vancouver. The C919 was in final certification for a test flight either later this year or early next year, the aircraft’s chief designer Chen Yong said in an interview with the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong last month. The aircraft can carry 150 passengers in a standard configuration and will have a larger version with as many as 220 seats, putting it in the same class to compete with Airbus’ A320 and Boeing’s 737 jets. “We welcome competition because it is very healthy for the business and for customers,” Airbus’ China chief operating officer Francois Mery said at the Zhuhai show. Chinese airlines are projected to need as much as six trillion yuan of new planes in the next two decades as they replenish their existing fleet and add jets to cater for a surge in demand for air travel, according to Comac’s projections. The world’s most populous nation might see 6,865 planes delivered by 2035, Comac said. That was plenty of demand to fill the order book of every manufacturer, said Boeing’s executives. “The single-aisle market is the largest and remains the fastest-growing market in the world because of its low cost and the flexibility of its regional role,” said Darren Hulst, Boeing Commercial Airplanes’ managing director of marketing for Northeast Asia. “The market is still growing faster than we can cover.” China’s demand for air travel is attracting more countries to join the fray to assemble aircraft. Besides the C919, Comac also produces a 78-seat regional jet called the ARJ21, with a range of 1,200 to 2,000 nautical miles. Japan’s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries has a subsidiary that is making the MRJ regional jet to compete with the ARJ21, attempting to unseat the dominance in this segment of the aviation market held by Brazil’s Embraer and Canada’s Bombardier. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: China Eastern in talks for Comac jet order   Most Popular Viewed 1 Hong Kong property experts ‘shocked’ at record sale result for Kai Tak area site 2 Outdated fintech regulations hurting Hong Kong, Jack Ma says 3 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about 4 China, Russia join the crowded sky: widebody planes to cut reliance on Airbus, Boeing 5 Zhongwang says it’ll bring jobs stability to Aleris, hits back at US opposition to US$2.3 bln takeover Shared 1 Hong Kong property experts ‘shocked’ at record sale result for Kai Tak area site 2 Outdated fintech regulations hurting Hong Kong, Jack Ma says 3 Two-thirds of smartphone users now paying by mobile 4 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about 5 Zhongwang says it’ll bring jobs stability to Aleris, hits back at US opposition to US$2.3 bln takeover Commented 1 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 2 Hong Kong oath-taking saga shows ugly side of city’s colonial legacy 3 Mainland paper slams Hong Kong independence advocates in 1,000-word commentary 4 Youngspiration duo increasingly isolated by pan-democratic allies, as antics cause harm and chaos 5 Time to resume talks, Taiwanese president tells the mainland Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Shaping up: Home-grown app, Green WALK Hong Kong, is the pick of the mobile apps In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 Linden Educational Services’ Summer and Boarding School Expo helps parents choose an international boarding school Brought to you by: Ace Academy Limited Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
Home About Authors Contact Us Photo Gallery Topics News Area Arts and Leisure Business Education Events Opinion Commentary Politics Spirituality Sports Recent Articles City of Clarksville announces Burn Ban Continues APSU Athlete of the Week JaVaughn Craig Kentel Williams Becomes First APSU Gov to Win National Freshman of the Week Clarksville Gas and Water announces Paving to Close Section of Madison Street beginning Thursday Customs House Museum & Cultural Center opens Invitational Exhibition “Cut” Austin Peay State University releases update to Sexual Assault on APSU Campus Clarksville Parks and Recreation now excepting entries for 57th Annual Clarksville Lighted Christmas Parade “Brush Up Your Shakespeare” to be performed by APSU Opera Workshop on November 20th American Heart Association says New Peripheral Artery Disease Guidelines emphasize Medical Therapy and Structured Exercise NASA’s first GRACE Satellite finishes Construction, Launch set for December Seven APSU Governors reach double figures in home win over Oakland City Clarksville Police reports Two Trailers on Fire on Cedarbend Road “Anything Goes” to be presented by APSU’s Department of Theatre and Dance November 16th-20th Clarksville Civil War Roundtable’s next meeting is November 16th, 2016 Veterans at Tennessee State Veteran’s Home in Clarksville receive Quilts of Valor APSU Men’s Basketball plays Oakland City tonight at the Dunn Center AAA reports Gas Prices Push Lower Edward’s Steakhouse to hold “Music and Martinis” featuring “The Queen City Quartet” November 15th Instant Peay Play: APSU Govs’ Josh Robinson should be odds-on favorite to lead OVC in scoring American Heart Association says Frequent Simulation-Based Training may improve CPR proficiency among hospital staff Official Sites City of Clarksville, TN Clarksville Arts & Heritage Development Council Clarksville Department of Electricity Clarksville Gas and Water Department Clarksville Montgomery County School System Clarksville Police Department Clarksville, Montgomery County Economic Development Council Clarksville, TN Ordinances Clarksville-Montgomery County Public Library Fort Campbell, Ky Montgomery County Animal Control Montgomery County, Tennessee Montgomery County, Tennessee Sheriff's Office Parks after Dark « Older: Austin Peay State University Golf sits in seventh at Hummingbird Intercollegiate Newer: American Heart Association says ‘Nancy’ cartoonist uses personal story to highlight Stroke Awareness » NASA tests news Air Traffic Management Technology November 1, 2016 | Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest   Written by Jim Banke NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate Hampton, VA – Commercial airline pilots who as children played “Follow the Leader” will have no problem with a new air traffic control innovation NASA and its partners are working on that also will make passengers happier. It’s called Flight Deck Interval Management, or FIM, and it promises to safely increase the number of airplanes that can land on the same runway at busy airports by more precisely managing the time, or interval, between each aircraft arrival. At NASA’s Langley Research Center, retired airline pilots test procedures that will be used during upcoming flight tests of a new aircraft spacing tool. The simulator is set up like a 757 jet, similar to one of the aircraft in the ATD-1 flight tests. (NASA Langley / David C. Bowman) Less time in the air also means additional savings in expensive jet fuel and reduced aircraft emissions. Even better: passengers would enjoy an increased chance their flights – connecting or otherwise – will arrive on time. FIM is part of NASA’s Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration-1– or ATD-1 – a coordinated effort involving NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and industry to develop and evaluate new technologies and procedures related to aircraft scheduling and airport arrivals. A complex field demonstration of FIM involving NASA, the FAA and industry will be conducted in early 2017 over Washington State. Today, current air traffic control technology and procedures can predict arrival times to within a minute or so. But FIM is expected to enable controllers and the airport to count on aircraft arriving within five to ten seconds of a predicted time. The cockpit-based prototype FIM system combines NASA-developed software with commercially available off-the-shelf hardware and connects the system to the aircraft’s onboard information and navigation systems. “FIM allows controllers to deliver the aircraft more precisely and more predictably, which is a huge advantage that helps the airlines and airport operators more efficiently manage air traffic to minimize delays,” said William Johnson, ATD-1 project manager at NASA’s Langley Research Center in Virginia. Here’s how FIM is to work: Relying on their experience and existing tools – some previously developed by NASA and turned over to the FAA for deployment – air traffic controllers determine the ideal goal for spacing aircraft as they approach the airport. A controller then contacts the pilots of a particular aircraft, informing them of the spacing goal, the trajectory the aircraft should fly, and the ID of an aircraft ahead of them. This is where the idea of playing “follow the leader” comes into the picture. The pilots then enter all of this information into the FIM system, which then computes a solution with the additional help of input from the airplane’s Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) unit. ADS-B is a satellite-based navigation tool that allows pilots to know where they and other ADS-B-equipped aircraft are at all times. The result is a number displayed on FIM screens for the pilots to see that tells them what speed to fly so they can follow the specified aircraft a safe distance in front of them all the way down to the runway. “The FIM operation was designed to work in today’s modern commercial aircraft with minimal changes to the aircraft and flight crew procedures,” Johnson said. At the heart of FIM is NASA software called ASTAR, or Airborne Spacing for Terminal Arrival Routes, which was successfully demonstrated in 2014 flying aboard Boeing’s ecoDemonstrator 787 aircraft. During those “proof of concept” flight tests, ASTAR was operated on a laptop by a NASA engineer located in the main cabin of the airplane, who then radioed the speed commands to the pilots up in the cockpit. For ATD-1 in 2017, ASTAR will be loaded into commercially available hardware, which is essentially flight hardened and certified personal tablets that will be installed on the flight deck in plain view of the pilots. The field demonstration will take place over Seattle and encompass a fully coordinated effort involving NASA, FAA facilities, and three different aircraft: A Falcon 900 jet and Boeing 757 supplied by Honeywell, and a Boeing 737 provided by United Airlines. The Honeywell 757 and United 737 will be equipped with the FIM system in its cockpits, where its pilots will “follow the leader” behind the Falcon. After years of research and laboratory work, final preparations for the full airborne demonstration of FIM are well underway. Pilot orientations have already taken place and more are scheduled, while a major review of lessons learned so far will be presented to a joint NASA/FAA/industry committee during a four-day meeting beginning Oct. 31. SectionsTechnology TopicsAirplane, Boeing 757, FAA, Federal Aviation Administration, Flight Deck Interval Managment, Hampton VA, Jim Banke, NASA, NASA's Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate, NASA's Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration, NASA's Langley Research Center, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Seattle WA, United Airlines, Virginia Related Posts NASA’s Aeronautics Research benefits those flying this Holiday weekend NASA looks into reducing the noise of a Sonic Boom for Supersonic Passenger Flight NASA takes a look back at 2014 NASA’s Langley Research Center to Crash Test Helicopter for Safety Study NASA’s initial tests of Morphing Wing Technology a Success Comments You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Personal Controls Log in Archives November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   2016: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2015: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2013: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2012: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2011: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2010: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2009: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2008: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2007: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2006: J F M A M J J A S O N D Local Community Ajax Turner Senior Citizens Center Clarksville Community Concert Association Clarksville Kiwanis Club Dunbar Cave State Natural Area Friends of Dunbar Cave Gateway Chamber Orchestra Leadership Clarksville Tennessee Alliance for Progress The Customs House Museum The Roxy Regional Theatre Affiliated Web Sites Bonehead Promotions Clarksville Sports Network Discover Clarksville WJZM 1400 AM Feeds Full Comments                 © 2006-2016 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee. » We are Hosted by Compu-Net Enterprises; In Partnership with Discover Clarksville and Discover Paris
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 15, 2016 7:27 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement A healthy bounce: Good economic signs are nice, but not steady November 1, 2016 12:00 AM By the Editorial Board The American economy showed a nice, positive bounce — good for all of us — in the third quarter of the year, with growth in the annualized gross domestic product of 2.9 percent announced by the Department of Commerce on Friday. The first two quarters of 2016 had showed pallid growth rates of 0.8 percent from January-March and 1.4 percent from April through June. The rates for these two quarters fell below average annual growth of 2.6 percent from 2010 to 2015, considered to constitute recovery from the recession which started in 2007. For comparison, the economy grew in the late 1990s under Bill Clinton by 3-4 percent per year, although circumstances were different. The third-quarter 2016 growth reflected strength in consumer spending, which rose by 2.1 percent, in spite of some of the gloom and doom rhetoric of the political campaign. The United States also did better in global trade during the period. On the negative side, estimates of the budget deficit this year grew to $600 billion. The national debt continued to blossom toward $20 trillion, reflecting government spending without counting the cost, lots of wars, and the continued absence of tax reform. America’s tax structure at present permits companies legally to pay low or no taxes to the federal, state, city and other U.S. governments. Republican candidate Donald Trump’s companies’ non-payment of taxes is most likely entirely legal, and not at all unique among American companies, although the impact on the American government’s purse in terms of revenue not received remains the same. In the 2007-2015 period, Amazon paid taxes on 13 percent of its profits; AT&T and General Electric, the same; and Boeing an even lower 8 percent. Reasonable tax reform — that is to say, tax reform that basically would not harm American companies in terms of competitiveness — could gain the U.S. Treasury an estimated $1.5 trillion per year, if a president and the Congress would undertake such reform. If it were not gobbled up by more wars, that money could be used to stem growth in the national debt and used for job-creating investment in American infrastructure. Never mind evening out economic inequality, which was supposed to be a major issue in this election, but which appears to have yielded priority to issues like Anthony Weiner’s sexting and Mr. Trump’s groping. Meet the Editorial Board Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 1 November 2016 | MYT 2:37 PM China Eastern Airlines to be launch customer for COMAC's C919 ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - China Eastern Airlines <600115.SS> will be the launch customer for China's home-built C919 passenger jet, which may make its first test flight later this year, Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL] said on Tuesday. The state-owned aircraft maker said in a statement released at the Zhuhai airshow that it has agreed to begin talks with China Eastern about firming up the carrier's planned purchase of five of the single-aisle jets within a year of the aircraft's first flight. A COMAC spokesman told Reuters that the much-delayed C919, designed to be China's challenger to airliners made by industry giants Boeing Co and Airbus Group , may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017. Shanghai-based China Eastern agreed in 2010 agreed to take options for 20 C919s. The jet's maiden test flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read RM8mil dragon attraction Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Trump leans toward loyalists as he mulls U.S. Cabinet picks Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017 - U.N. Little-known Republican becomes Trump liaison in Congress Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Most Viewed in News Zuraida refuses to accept apology from Jamal Yunos Heavy downpour brings traffic to a crawl along swamped LDP Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Adam Rosly: I purchased house with hard-earned cash Zuraida questions approval for Jamal's helicopter ride Jamal baffled how PKR Youth division leader can afford 'castle' home Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement Family of Chinese student forced to give nude selfies to loan sharks to pay off her debts Snatch thief killed while fleeing from pursuers I initiated 1MDB probe, Najib tells Japanese weekly Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 1 November 2016 | MYT 2:14 PM China's COMAC says world will need nearly 40,000 new airliners in next 20 years ZHUHAI, China: State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) on Tuesday forecast the global airline industry will need almost 40,000 new planes worth US$5.23 trillion over the next 20 years, with Chinese buyers taking almost a fifth of that. In a market outlook published at the country's biggest airshow in Zhuhai, southern China, the aircraft maker said it expected the industry to deliver 39,948 new planes over 2016-2035 on the back of 4.45% annual growth in revenue per kilometre flown by passengers, a standard industry measure. COMAC's forecast assumes the global economy maintains an average annual growth rate of 3%. The Chinese market - expected to see annual passenger traffic growth of 6.1% over 2016-2035 - will need 6,865 new aircraft worth US$930 billion over the period, with passenger revenue from China to account for 18% of global revenue by 2035, COMAC said. Earlier on Tuesday, COMAC said it had clinched 23 new firm orders for its long-delayed C919 passenger jet, from two Chinese leasing firms who also took out options to buy 33 more.  COMAC said it has now received a total of 517 firm orders for C919s, mainly from Chinese lessors. The Shanghai-based company is eager to challenge dominant plane makers Airbus Group and Boeing Co in the lucrative narrow-body jet market, but has yet to send its C919 jet out on its first flight. The C919 is now scheduled to reach its first buyers in 2018 after a series of production delays pushed deliveries back four years. COMAC said separately on Tuesday that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017. The plane maker is also behind China's first locally built regional jet, the ARJ-21, which entered service with Chengdu Airlines in January after being more than 10 years behind schedule. The market for regional jets is currently dominated by Brazil's Embraer and Canada's Bombardier, who currently dominate the market. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News , Airlines You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Facebook lets Messenger 'bots' tap analytic smarts MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Astro to be taken private? Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus sees China demand for 5,970 jets over 20 years By Reuters Published: 01:48 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 01:48 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Aircraft maker Airbus Group on Tuesday said it had raised its 20-year forecast for aircraft demand in China by about 500 planes as growth in the country's middle class fuels private consumption, underpinning air travel growth. Airbus said it expected total demand for 5,970 passenger jets worth $945 billion in the next 20 years, including 4,230 medium-haul, single-aisle jets like its A320 or Boeing Co's 737. The increase of about 500 aircraft compared to a previous prediction had been embedded in the plane maker's global forecasts since July, but not previously published separately. Airbus executives unveiled the Chinese forecasts at Airshow China, held every other year in Zhuhai, southern China. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

null
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Breaking News: Several elderly passengers injured in serious crash China's secretive J-20 stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut AFP on November 1, 2016, 11:17 pm China's secretive stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share China s secretive stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Zhuhai (China) (AFP) - Two of China's secretive J-20 warplanes swept over a gasping crowd at the Zhuhai air show Tuesday, potent symbols of Beijing's aspirations to military might. The fighters were not announced on the schedule and appeared in the sky just after a colourful aerobatics show by the People's Liberation Army Air Force. With no fanfare but an abrupt announcement by the master of ceremonies, the dark, powerful jets rumbled side by side over the sun-baked spectators. Two minutes later one blasted vertically into the sky and the jets were gone. Swift and heavily armed, the warplanes represent a leap forward in China's ability to project power in Asia and compete in capabilities with the United States. Beijing is seeking to modernise and upgrade its military both to protect its borders and project power into regions such as the South China Sea, a resource-rich strategic waterway where it has disputes with several neighbours. This year's Zhuhai exhibition, the largest ever, features an array of new made-in-China military technology including assault vehicles, anti-aircraft missile systems, drones and fighter jets. Two huge exhibition rooms showcased the latest sea, land, and drone-based defense systems on giant screens, with enemy ships and aircraft as targets. Tourists posed next to missile launchers and atomic clocks used to control the country's homegrown Beidou satellite navigation system. China's only international aerospace expo, the Zhuhai event serves as a stage for Beijing to flex its muscles before an audience of cheering citizens and foreign guests from 42 countries including Russia, Pakistan and Britain. It has also become a key platform for top global aerospace firms to hawk their wares for a share of the booming aircraft market in the world's second-largest economy. China is projected to become the world's largest aviation market by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Boeing and Airbus are in a heated competition to win Chinese customers for their aircraft, while homegrown national champions COMAC and AVIC aim to capture market share for Chinese firms. President Xi Jinping has declared aerospace one of the target industries for his "Made in China 2025" plan to make the country's firms capable of dethroning foreign competitors in high-value manufacturing and services. On Monday the president of China's state aerospace company AVIC -- maker of the J-20 jet -- said in Zhuhai that the firm had annual overseas earnings exceeding 80 billion yuan ($11.8 billion) and declared its "sacred mission" to serve the country, carry out the strategic plan of the Communist party, and "closely unite around the core leadership of comrade Xi Jinping". Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share China s secretive stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'Tragic accident': Brisbane man runs over his wife and son in driveway Man dies after torching ex-partner's home as she hid in bathroom Neil De Graaf suffered burns to 95 per cent of his body after he rammed his burning car into his ex-girlfriend's house. 'Shooter may have known victim': Man shot dead at Oklahoma airport A Southwest Airlines employee was shot and killed at Oklahoma City’s Will Rogers World Airport. Body of backpacker found dead in Mozambique to be brought home Despite the family of Melbourne diver Elly Warren being informed of a suspected sexual assault, Mozambique police believe the tourist was not raped or killed. Cyclist killed after being hit by truck in Geelong Teen with suspected meningococcal fights for life The boy was flown to Adelaide from Mount Gambier on Tuesday in a critical condition. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Oklahoma Police Capt: 'Shooter may have known victim' Why Hillary Clinton could still become president OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's secretive J-20 stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut By Afp Published: 08:21 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 08:21 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail 5 shares Two of China's secretive J-20 warplanes swept over a gasping crowd at the Zhuhai air show Tuesday, potent symbols of Beijing's aspirations to military might. The fighters were not announced on the schedule and appeared in the sky just after a colourful aerobatics show by the People's Liberation Army Air Force. With no fanfare but an abrupt announcement by the master of ceremonies, the dark, powerful jets rumbled side by side over the sun-baked spectators. Two minutes later one blasted vertically into the sky and the jets were gone. China's J-20 is considered a fifth-generation stealth fighter, like its US counterparts the F-22 and F-35 Swift and heavily armed, the warplanes represent a leap forward in China's ability to project power in Asia and compete in capabilities with the United States. Beijing is seeking to modernise and upgrade its military both to protect its borders and project power into regions such as the South China Sea, a resource-rich strategic waterway where it has disputes with several neighbours. This year's Zhuhai exhibition, the largest ever, features an array of new made-in-China military technology including assault vehicles, anti-aircraft missile systems, drones and fighter jets. Two huge exhibition rooms showcased the latest sea, land, and drone-based defense systems on giant screens, with enemy ships and aircraft as targets. Tourists posed next to missile launchers and atomic clocks used to control the country's homegrown Beidou satellite navigation system. China's only international aerospace expo, the Zhuhai event serves as a stage for Beijing to flex its muscles before an audience of cheering citizens and foreign guests from 42 countries including Russia, Pakistan and Britain. It has also become a key platform for top global aerospace firms to hawk their wares for a share of the booming aircraft market in the world's second-largest economy. China is projected to become the world's largest aviation market by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Boeing and Airbus are in a heated competition to win Chinese customers for their aircraft, while homegrown national champions COMAC and AVIC aim to capture market share for Chinese firms. President Xi Jinping has declared aerospace one of the target industries for his "Made in China 2025" plan to make the country's firms capable of dethroning foreign competitors in high-value manufacturing and services. On Monday the president of China's state aerospace company AVIC -- maker of the J-20 jet -- said in Zhuhai that the firm had annual overseas earnings exceeding 80 billion yuan ($11.8 billion) and declared its "sacred mission" to serve the country, carry out the strategic plan of the Communist party, and "closely unite around the core leadership of comrade Xi Jinping". Zhuhai air show, China's only international aerospace expo, serves as a stage for Beijing to flex its muscle before an audience of cheering citizens and foreign guests ©Johannes Eisele (AFP/File) China's new stealth fighter jet, the J-20, is the country's first radar-evading combat aircraft ©Kanwa News (Kanwa News/AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Times Of India We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to further read on The Times of India. STEPS FOR DISABLING AD BLOCKER Watch latest videos from THE TIMES of INDIA View more Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News Home » World » China News » China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest air expo Facing army ire, Sharif forms panel to probe Dawn Hafiz Saeed threatens India with 'surgical strike' CPEC in trouble: Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa CPEC beset with weak planning, sending signal Two soldiers killed in Poonch, Army damages 11 Pak NIA to file chargesheet against LeT man, explain 50% of Pakistani women suffer domestic violence, Mysterious banners in Pakistan urge army chief 'Punjab speed' spurs $3bn Chinese investment in Despite court order, Pakistan says it won't deport Facing army ire, Sharif forms panel to probe Dawn Hafiz Saeed threatens India with 'surgical strike' CPEC in trouble: Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa CPEC beset with weak planning, sending signal Two soldiers killed in Poonch, Army damages 11 Pak NIA to file chargesheet against LeT man, explain 50% of Pakistani women suffer domestic violence, Mysterious banners in Pakistan urge army chief 'Punjab speed' spurs $3bn Chinese investment in Despite court order, Pakistan says it won't deport China starts to build its first floating nuclear Ahead of NSG meet in Vienna, China refuses to budge China adopts new cybersecurity law that 'increases NSG payback? India tries to take on China over Smog blankets China: 9 killed, 43 injured Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Chinese mall opens 'nursery' room for husbands India, China discuss terrorism, but no word on China objects to British Speaker meeting Tibetan Chinese man investigated for owning 149 houses China starts to build its first floating nuclear Ahead of NSG meet in Vienna, China refuses to budge China adopts new cybersecurity law that 'increases NSG payback? India tries to take on China over Smog blankets China: 9 killed, 43 injured Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Chinese mall opens 'nursery' room for husbands India, China discuss terrorism, but no word on China objects to British Speaker meeting Tibetan Chinese man investigated for owning 149 houses Training Afghanistan's women soldiers Melania Trump modeled in US prior to getting work visa Airshow China Iraqi troops begin assault deeper into Mosul area Imran Khan observes Thanksgiving Day At least 20 killed as trains collide in Pakistan US ex-US attorney general dies Woman reinterprets Islamic law Voters will deliver justice: Trump Clinton is guilty, she knows it: Trump 'Vote to protect Prez Obama's legacy' Fighting intensifies in Iraq China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest air expo China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.Updated: Nov 1, 2016, 10.37 AM IST Highlights Two stealth fighters open show with brief flypast Airshow China offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai ZHUHAI: China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries and hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a 60-second flypast, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot at the site. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. Analysts say it is too early to say to what extent the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, developed for the U.S. Air Force and the J-20's closest lookalike, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010. Experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. Cao Qingfeng, an aircraft engineer watching the flypast, said the "stunning" display was a show of China's strengthening aircraft industry and manufacturing - and Western officials agreed. "This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public," said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. "This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves," he added. The export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear whether or how the J-20 would be displayed after the flypast, or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. Aircraft that are already scheduled to be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones include the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production, the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent from the airshow schedule is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Europe's Airbus Group and Boeing Co of the United States, the rivals who dominate the global supply of airliners. The 150-seater C919 is scheduled to stage an often-delayed maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will now slip to 2017 - three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF Two international think tanks have warned that Chinese investments in Pakistan will not boost the domestic economy. Instead, it will push Islamabad towards a major debt problem. UK announces new visa crackdown on non-EU nationals Legal quagmire looms as Clinton, Trump run neck-and-neck With only about 100 hours to go before Election Day, more than 100 million American voters who are yet to exercise their franchise are being bombarded with messages that paint of dire picture of the United States if they make the wrong choice: Sohrabuddin case: SC rejects review plea against Amit Shah The Supreme Court rejected a petition by social activist Harsh Mander seeking review of the apex court's decision not to permit him to challenge BJP president Amit Shah's discharge from the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case. I am asking you to dream big: Donald Trump to voters Donald Trump called on Americans to 'deliver justice at the ballot box' as he and bitter rival Hillary Clinton spent the closing hours of the presidential election making their final pitches. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreXi JinpingJ-20 stealth fighterChengdu J-20 stealth fighterAirshow ChinaAirbus Group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners With new J-20 warplane, China all set to flex its long-range military muscle Xi Jinping is China’s ‘Core’ leader: Here’s what it means Chinese Premier asks cabinet, government to follow Xi as 'core leader' Dalai Lama’s plan to visit Arunachal infuriates China China to unveil its J-20 stealth fighter at air show China becomes first country to display nuclear submarine to public 1China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest air expo 2With new J-20 warplane, China all set to flex its long-range military muscle 3Xi Jinping is China’s ‘Core’ leader: Here’s what it means 4Chinese Premier asks cabinet, government to follow Xi as 'core leader' 5Dalai Lama’s plan to visit Arunachal infuriates China 6China to unveil its J-20 stealth fighter at air show 7China becomes first country to display nuclear submarine to public About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 BSF Air Pollution US Elections 2016 US Election Results Google Pixel XL UK PM Theresa May in India Smog in Delhi Delhi Pollution Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ReutersNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next China won’t buy Boeing planes, iPhones, or US corn if Trump starts a trade war, a state tabloid says Quartz China's first woman to fly J-10 fighter plane killed in crash International Business Times UK UN slams North Korea for diverting funds to missiles AFP China says aircraft carrier now ready for combat Associated Press Hong Kong lawmakers who insulted China officially disqualified CNN Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video The Latest: Mayor resignation for racist post reply accepted Associated Press Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Mike Pence is going to court over his emails The Week 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Who Are Donald Trump’s Siblings? IBTimes Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Mergatroyd: High school students don't walk out of class because of their political beliefs. They walk out of class because they want to get out of class Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.6k Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Photos of the day - November 15, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump Wants His Kids To Have Top Secret Security Clearances IBTimes Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video AIRSHOW: China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's bi... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Tue Nov 1, 2016 | 7:15pm IST AIRSHOW: China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo left right China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, China, November 1, 2016. China Daily/via REUTERS 1/2 left right China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, China, November 1, 2016. China Daily/via REUTERS 2/2 By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh | ZHUHAI, China ZHUHAI, China China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Next In World News Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev on Tuesday over allegations he extorted a $2 million bribe from top oil producer Rosneft, a case that could expose fault lines in the Russian leader's inner circle. Disputed memo says Britain has no Brexit plan LONDON Britain has no overall strategy for leaving the European Union and splits in Prime Minister Theresa May's cabinet could delay a clear negotiating position for six months, according to a leaked Deloitte memo that the government dismissed as having no credibility. U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says WASHINGTON The U.S. military's top commander in the Pacific tried on Tuesday to reassure allies that Washington will maintain its commitment to Asia and maintain strong military relations with partners, some of whom are worried about President-elect Donald Trump's foreign policy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Banks to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest air expo By Reuters Published: 23:22 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 23:22 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries and hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a 60-second flypast, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot at the site. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. Analysts say it is too early to say to what extent the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, developed for the U.S. Air Force and the J-20's closest lookalike, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010. Experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. Cao Qingfeng, an aircraft engineer watching the flypast, said the "stunning" display was a show of China's strengthening aircraft industry and manufacturing - and Western officials agreed. "This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public," said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. "This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves," he added. The export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear whether or how the J-20 would be displayed after the flypast, or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. Aircraft that are already scheduled to be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones include the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production, the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent from the airshow schedule is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Europe's Airbus Group and Boeing Co of the United States, the rivals who dominate the global supply of airliners. The 150-seater C919 is scheduled to stage an often-delayed maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will now slip to 2017 - three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6. (Reporting by Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh in ZHUHAI, China; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home World news China set to show off stealth jet at national air show China set to show off stealth jet at national air show Airshow China is seen as an opportunity for China, which is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade, to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its military clout to neighbours and the world. By: Reuters | Zhuhai | Published: November 1, 2016 6:23 AM Airshow China is seen as an opportunity for China, which is set to overtake the U.S. as the world’s top aviation market in the next decade, to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its military clout to neighbours and the world. (Reuters) China prepared to unveil its latest military capabilities and new partnerships in civil aerospace at the opening of an air show in the southern city of Zhuhai on Tuesday. Airshow China is seen as an opportunity for China, which is set to overtake the U.S. as the world’s top aviation market in the next decade, to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its military clout to neighbours and the world. Topping Zhuhai’s biennial agenda is the public debut of the Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter. Another stealth model, the export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region’s power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, and experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. “This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public,” said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. “This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves,” he added. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear how the J-20 would be displayed or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. The Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter will be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones. Also highlighted by organisers is what’s described as the largest amphibious plane now in production: the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 – first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China’s claim to parts of the South China Sea in July – is well suited to resupplying outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Airbus and Boeing. The 150-seater is scheduled to stage its maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017, three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6.   Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3 Nitin Gadkari announces 25 driving centres for Jharkhand  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
MenuRotor & Wing International Back to Rotor & WingArchiveContributorsSubscribeShareSearch FacebookTwitterLinkedIn Found inWashington Insider US Navy Trainer Concepts Move Up the Chain Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition executive on options for replenishing the service’s rotorcraft training capability, including a “new” model for buying training services. R&WI Staff Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition executive on options for replenishing the service’s rotorcraft training capability, including a “new” model for buying training services. The Navy’s assistant secretary for Research, Development and Acquisition, Sean Stackley, was due to be briefed in October by officials working on options to replace obsolescent Bell Helicopter TH-57 trainers, which are more than 30 years old. The Navy has been working on a replacement plan for years and currently says it aims to issue a contract in 2017 for an Advanced Helicopter Training System (now also dubbed TH-XX). Work would start in 2018. A key challenge to that plan is how the Navy will write the request for proposals, a necessary precursor to a contract selection. It has no funds to acquire a new trainer fleet and expects to get none. That predicament has industry officials pitching — and some Navy leaders now embracing — a “services contract” business model under which the Navy would pay a contractor team to provide nearly all its training capability and spare itself ownership of elements like aircraft and simulators. The approach has worked in foreign military arenas like the U.K., Singapore, Australia and the U.S. Air Force. But it is new to the Navy (and considered high risk, since all Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard helicopter and tiltrotor aviators go through the training). So the approach needs Stackley’s signoff. The U.S. Navy has been working on replacing its TH-57 trainers.Photo courtesy of the U.S. Navy FAA Seeking Drone Safety Vols The FAA is seeking industry volunteers to serve on a new unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) safety team. The team would be modeled after the FAA Safety Team (or FAASTeam), a successful effort to bring agency specialists together with industry volunteers (such as certificated flight instructors, safety pilots and mechanics) to provide local, recurring training on operations, airspace and regulations. The “UASTeam” would play the same role in the drone community, according to agency leaders, though the approach to organizing it may be different. “With the FAASTeam, we could go out to a local airport and find volunteers,” one agency official said. “With the drone team, we may be going to hobby shops.” Work Progresses on Apache Multi-Year Boeing and the U.S. Army have made progress toward a multi-year contract for AH-64E Apaches, with a second quarter 2017 contract a possibility. The service’s Apache program manager, Col. Jeff Hager, told reporters at the Assn. of the United States Army’s (AUSA) annual conference in Washington last month that the Pentagon’s director of Defense Pricing, Shay Assad, approved proceeding with multi-year negotiations, which could cover 275 Echo models. Hager said the goal is for deliveries between 2017 and 2021. Boeing VP of Attack Helicopters Kim Smith said the company had received its opening offer from the Army before AUSA — which she said was slightly ahead of schedule. Smith said she looks forward to an informal agreement for the multi-year by the end of this year. Then-Army Sec. John McHugh last summer gave the go-ahead to continue pursuing the multiyear contract. R&WI Ad Index In this issue Close Close HomeArchiveAuthorsSubscribe Stay connected with usTwitterFacebookYouTubeLinkedIn November 2016 Feature Lifting the Future Business aircraft developments and innovation could be a prominent… Feature China to Expand Multimission Helicopter Operations the Maryland Way To learn how to support China's targeted growth in helicopters, over… Feature Rotorcraft Summit Highlights Innovation We recap the Rotorcraft Technology Summit held Sept. 19 to 20 in Forth… Public Service Supporting the Supporting Roles The National Guard truly wears two hats: one as the ready reserve… Legal Perspective When are Airmens’ Actions Inadvertent? If you are a pilot or maintenance technician and have ever… Washington Insider US Navy Trainer Concepts Move Up the Chain Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition… Rotorcraft Report Rotorcraft Report CHC Group faces additional challenges to reorganizing its operations… People Spotlight Profiling the latest employee movements in the industry. Editor's Notebook FAST: A Good Acronym In late September, the month seemed to be ending well. Our Rotorcraft… Feedback Feedback Recent comments submitted to the editor. Coming Up Preview what is ahead. Ad Index
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News PODCASTS Sports Space Entertainment FOOD Life Elections Opinions Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Member Guide Travel More Home News PODCASTS Sports Space Entertainment FOOD Life Elections Opinions Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Member Guide Travel Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 350 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence promised hundreds of supporters in Cocoa to reinvigorate the space program. Post to Facebook At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence promised hundreds of supporters in Cocoa to reinvigorate the space program.  Check out this story on floridatoday.com: http://on.flatoday.com/2f5GlMT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program James Dean and Caroline Glenn , Florida Today 5:17 a.m. EDT November 1, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share A crowd turned out to see Mike Pence speak in Cocoa on Monday Buy Photo Crowds line up to see GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence in Cocoa on Monday. (Photo: Tim Shortt/FLORIDA TODAY)Buy Photo 350 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Citing the space program as an example of American leadership in decline, Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence on Monday urged hundreds of supporters at a rally in Cocoa to help propel him and Donald Trump to the White House with just over a week left to vote. “We all know that space is the final frontier,” the Indiana governor and former congressman said at the Space Coast Convention Center, about 25 miles from Kennedy Space Center. “And just as we’ve always done before, America needs to lead the way on the final frontier.” Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton are running nearly even in the race to claim Florida’s critical 29 electoral votes, according to an average of polls by RealClear Politics. It showed Trump ahead by half a percentage point despite Clinton leading five of the nine polls cited. Pence urged rally attendees to vote — it appeared most already had — and spread the word to friends, and made a plea to Republicans to “come home” and support the ticket. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Mike Pence rally in Cocoa  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Jo-Ann Gleifert of Cocoa takes a selfie of herself with Mike Pence. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo The line begins to take shape in the lobby. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Sherry Ashby, of Palm Bay, Jo-Ann Gleifert, of Cocoa, and Lee Nyffenegger, of Rockledge, were among the first to arrive. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Patricia Moody of Vero Beach sang the National Anthem. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Steve Crisafulli, Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo The line stretches outside to see Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteer Michele Harbin holds up a sign by the Trump Pence campaign. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Anna Fink, and her mother, Tammy Fink, of Palm Bay, wait for Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence to arrive.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Sherry Ashby of Palm Bay was the first in line to see Pence, arriving at 7:00am. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mr. Barkley, a suppprt dog for Reggie Ciorrell, of Merritt Island, strikes a cute pose. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Congressman Bill Posey and Dave Weldon, former congresman. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Cameron Goodyear, a veteran from Melbourne, proudly shows this tattoo on his right forearm. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Kevin Rebal, of Pompano Beach, Fl. gets a Pence autograph. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Congressman Bill Posey introduces Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Cameron Goodyear of Melbourne meets Mike Pence. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Heroes in the room. Pence asked any veterans in the room to raise their hands. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mike Pence speaks at a rally in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo A crowd gathered Monday to see Mike Pence speak at a rally in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mr.Barkey, a support dog for Reggie Correll of Merritt Island, waiting for Mike Pence.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Ashby of Palm Bay was first in line at 7:00am. She has been to 13 Trump rallies.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo A line forms as supporters arrive to see Mike Pence speak in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “Florida, we’ve got work to do,” said Pence. “Time’s a-wasting.” Pence’s pledge of support for the space program, which has barely been discussed during the campaign, played well on the Space Coast, briefly prompting a chant of “Space! Space!” Pence, 57, said he remembered black-and-white TV images of the early space programs that served as “anthems of my youth, the inspiration not just of America but of the world.” “Our space program needs new leadership and a new vision,” said Pence. “We cannot afford to fall further behind in space exploration or technology.” He said a Trump-Pence administration would focus NASA missions on deep space exploration, implying, as advisers have said, that NASA spends too much on Earth-focused science such as investigating climate change. FLORIDA TODAY Hillary Clinton to speak in Sanford; Trump set for Orlando Pence promised NASA would promote more partnerships with commercial space firms, beyond contracts already in place to fly cargo and soon astronauts to the International Space Station. The Republican nominees also want to revive a National Space Council, led by the vice president, to coordinate policies and technologies across sectors. “We can be more efficient, we can be more effective, we can use space dollars wisely,” said Pence. “But we’re going to do it. We’re going to make the investments. And we’re going to create a brighter and boundless future for America, and a growing economy on the Space Coast for generations.” While calling for new leadership and vision, it was not clear if the priorities Pence laid out would change human spaceflight programs now targeting launches from Cape Canaveral by 2018. NASA is helping Boeing and SpaceX prepare rockets to fly crews to the station, and developing an Apollo-style rocket and capsule for deep space missions, first around the moon and possibly to Mars in the 2030s. Earlier in Monday's rally, U.S. Rep. Brian Babin, R-Texas, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Space, criticized the Obama administration’s 2010 cancellation of the Constellation program that had intended to return astronauts to the moon after the shuttle program, but was deemed under-funded and too far behind schedule. "We lack focus, we lack leadership, we lack a mission and a goal in our space program," said Babin. "“We have seen our space program slip.” After the rally, Pence met with a group of local aerospace industry representatives before moving on to scheduled events further west along Florida's pivotal "I-4 corridor." Besides space, Pence's stump remarks repeated themes central to the Trump campaign. Saying Clinton was dogged by an “avalanche of scandals,” he discussed the FBI’s recently announced review of new e-mails found on a Clinton aide’s computer. The e-mails emerged months after the FBI closed an investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information, recommending no charges. The issue prompted chants of “Lock her up!” from the crowd, which also called for Trump to “build a wall” to protect against illegal immigration. Pence criticized Clinton as weak on national security and the economy, and said the next president would shape the Supreme Court's balance for decades. “Do not rest, do not relent for the next eight days until you do everything in your power to ensure that the next president to make appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States is President Donald Trump,” he said. FLORIDA TODAY Donald Trump needs to win Florida in order to take race That was a key issue for rally attendee Dan Acker, a 78-year-old Merritt Island resident for whom Pence’s space comments also resonated. The former NASA contractor during the Gemini and Apollo programs called it "ridiculous” that the U.S. now relies on Russia to put astronauts in space. “I was pleased to hear what he said about the space program,” said Acker. Sherry Ashby, 66, from Palm Bay was first in line at 7 a.m. for the noon rally. Echoing many others in the crowd, she pointed to anti-abortion laws, stricter immigration access and looser gun policies as the election’s most important issues. “They [illegal immigrants] never helped make the road or died for their country, and they’re getting more benefits than me who has worked all my life,” she said, calling for the need to secure America’s borders. “I have nothing against immigrants, I have nothing against someone coming into our country, but it’s very clear that you’re supposed to come in and assimilate.” Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace. 350 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2f5GlMT TOP VIDEOS Playalinda Brewing Company Surfing Santa Ale 1:31 2016 VRA Volunteer of the Year nominees 4:19 2016 VRA Organization of the Year nominees 4:27 2016 VRA Citizen of the Year nominees 4:09 2016 VRA Business of the Year nominees 3:46 Car swallowed by hole in street 0:21 Video: KBB’s River Fest 2016 0:43 Surveillance video: Car stolen, owner dragged onto Babcock St. 1:01 Honor Flight veterans reunion 1:40 A tour of Oasis of the Seas cruise ship 2:37 Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party 2:48 Palm Bay's BJ Daniels 0:38 4 interceptions for Tyrese Lyons 0:33 Viera coach Mays on first-round playoff win 0:28 Veterans Day Massing of the Colors 1:53 Veterans Memorial Center ceremony 4:02 Daily City Food Truck Bazaar in Rockledge 0:54 Bob Kimple working with National WWII Veterans Museum 1:31 Heroes and legends sneak peek at KSC 1:21 Tropical bed bugs in Brevard County 1:47 Election 2016 reaction in Brevard County 2:17 Post election mood in Brevard 1:58 Election Reaction 2:17 Cannabis expert talks about medical marijuana in Florida 6:27 Local members of NOW talk about election results 1:31 More Stories County Commission declines to vote on 1-cent-a-gallon gas tax Nov. 15, 2016, 3:24 p.m. Download FLORIDA TODAY's updated smartphone apps June 9, 2016, 11:06 a.m. New Melbourne lighting will brighten shadowy downtown Nov. 15, 2016, 2:44 p.m. Tony Romo on Dak Prescott: 'He's earned the right to be our quarterback' Nov. 15, 2016, 7:09 p.m.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Previous Next S&P 500 Slips, Oil Slammed on OPEC Disappointment InvestorPlace 10/31/2016 Anthony Mirhaydari Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Investors hold off ahead of election Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT The S&P 500 and other major U.S. indices danced around the unchanged line on Monday as the quietest October, in terms of trading activity, came to an end. Large-cap stocks remain within the confines of an extremely tight and narrowing two-month trading range that caps three years of listlessness. With the presidential election next Tuesday and a Federal Reserve policy decision later this week, the listlessness will continue a little longer. Quotes in the article Adherium Ltd ADR = 0.3400 0.0000 0.00% UBS IQ Morningstar Australia Quality ETF ETF ▲ 18.59 +0.01 +0.05% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 107.11 +1.40 +1.32% But elsewhere in the market — particularly in energy — there was action to be had. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite and the Russell 2000 gained 0.3%. Treasuries were mostly stronger, the dollar was unchanged and gold lost 0.2%. The big move on the commodity front was crude oil, which was slammed down 3.8% as OPEC failed to deliver the expected production freeze agreement teased in September.© Provided by InvestorPlace Dow Jones Industrial Average chart Energy Stocks Bludgeoned Crude oil and energy stocks were hammered on a “no deal” result out of the OPEC meeting in Vienna, capping months of on-again/off-again hype for a possible supply freeze deal. This time, a deal featuring a decline in Saudi output was teased in September. But it broke down amid ongoing bullheadedness from the Iranians and Iraqis over their output levels. Furthermore, there is no evidence that non-OPEC members such as Russia are interested in joining in. 5 Energy Stocks Hurt by OPEC's Theatrics Why would they? It’s a classic prisoners’ dilemma: Better to let the other guy cut output and keep yours the same. Further discussions were pushed back to November, keeping the “hint-and-tease” act we’ve seen since February alive a little longer. It’s no surprise then that energy stocks led the way with a 1.2% loss. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) fell 1.7%, pushing up the Nov $86 XOM puts recommended to Edge Pro subscribers to a gain of 135% since added on Oct. 26.© Provided by InvestorPlace Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) stock chart The Nov $6 puts against Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) are up nearly 60% since they were added on Thursday thanks to a 4.8% decline in the common. And the Nov $11.50 puts against the United States Oil Fund LP (ETF) (NYSEARCA:USO) are up more than 130% since added on Oct. 25. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Also, oilfield services provider Baker Hughes Incorporated (NYSE:BHI) fell 6.3% after General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) announced it would combine its oil-and-gas assets with the company in a cash-and-stock deal. Elsewhere in the Market Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE) fell 3.5% on a downgrade from analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch on concerns over market share loss on increased competition from the likes of Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UA) and Adidas AG (ADR) (OTCMKTS:ADDYY). On the upside, utility stocks gained 2% thanks to the yield effect of stronger Treasury bond prices. Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) gained 2.6% thanks to an upgrade by analysts at Deutsche Bank. On the economic front, U.S. consumer spending increased in September as did inflation. The PCE price index gained 1.2% from last year in the largest year-over-year increase since November 2014. The Chicago PMI activity index was below expectations as production fell and new orders hit the lowest reading since May. October marked the third straight monthly loss for stocks, with the Dow down 0.9% thanks to the lifting effect of gains in key stocks like Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). The other indices weren’t as lucky: The S&P 500 lost 1.9%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 2.3%, and the Russell 2000 lost 4.8% as small caps tested down to lows not seen since July. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Doesn't Get Enough Respect Looking ahead, volatility should increase heading into Wednesday’s Fed policy decision and Friday’s nonfarm payroll report — both of which will set the stage for a likely rate hike in December, depending on the market’s reaction to the Election Day outcome. For now, a focus on defensive assets — long volatility, short crude oil — has boosted the holdings of Edge subscribers by 2.4% for the month. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. Free two- and four-week trial offers have been extended to MSN Money readers. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) and Home Depot Inc (HD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Debuts New Taco Bell Logo InvestorPlace Mazda Recall: 70,000 RX-8 Sports Cars Face Fuel Leak Risk InvestorPlace WhatsApp Video Calling: 9 Things to Know InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China set to show off stealth jet at national air show By Reuters Published: 17:58 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 17:58 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China prepared to unveil its latest military capabilities and new partnerships in civil aerospace at the opening of an air show in the southern city of Zhuhai on Tuesday. Airshow China is seen as an opportunity for China, which is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade, to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its military clout to neighbours and the world. Topping Zhuhai's biennial agenda is the public debut of the Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter. Another stealth model, the export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, and experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. "This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public," said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. "This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves," he added. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear how the J-20 would be displayed or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. The Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter will be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones. Also highlighted by organisers is what's described as the largest amphibious plane now in production: the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Airbus and Boeing. The 150-seater is scheduled to stage its maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017, three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Ralph Boulton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Flight Attendants of Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV), represented by the Transport Workers Union (TWU) Local 556, voted to ratify the Tentative Agreement that both parties reached in September 2016. The new contract includes a ratification bonus and annual wage rate increases over the life of the contract. "I am thrilled that our Flight Attendant Team voted to ratify this agreement," said Sonya Lacore, Vice President Cabin Services. "Through this new contract, we now have the opportunity to provide further recognition for the many contributions that our Flight Attendants make to the success of Southwest Airlines. I extend my appreciation for the patience and professionalism demonstrated by our Flight Attendants throughout the negotiation process." The Union reports that 53.86 percent of those who cast ballots voted in favor of the contract agreement, and 89.21 percent of eligible Southwest Flight Attendants voted. Negotiators for Southwest Airlines and TWU 556, which represents more than 14,500 Southwest Flight Attendants, began contract discussions in 2013. The newly-ratified contract becomes amendable on November 1, 2018. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Varadero, Cuba beginning Nov. 13, 2016, and to Havana, Cuba, beginning Dec. 12, 2016, both routes subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-flight-attendants-approve-tentative-agreement-300354227.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Nov 07, 2016, 06:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Reports October Traffic Oct 28, 2016, 12:21 ET Preview: Apply Now For Southwest Airlines' Heart Of The Community Grant My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 13, 2016, 13:00 ETSouthwest Airlines Begins Cuba Service Nonstop From Ft.... Nov 10, 2016, 15:08 ETSouthwest Airlines Honored Among Military Friendly® Employers Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Labor & Union You just read: Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > FedEx plane catches fire in Fort Lauderdale FedEx plane catches fire in Fort Lauderdale Monday, 31 October 2016 (2 weeks ago) A FedEx Corp. cargo plane caught fire on a runway at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, delaying airport operations for hours on Friday. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the landing gear on the Boeing MD-10 collapsed as it touched the ground. The pilot and co-pilot escaped unharmed, and no members of the ground crew were injured. The plane was carrying U.S. mail, as well as FedEx shipments to the Memphis hub. The airport resumed operations on its south runway at 7… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Storyful Studio - 3 weeks ago< > Embed FedEx Plane Catches Fire at Fort Lauderdale Airport 01:02 A FedEx plane caught fire as it arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Florida, on Friday afternoon, October 28. The Federal Aviation Administration said the fire started when the landing gear collapsed as the plane was rolling on the runway.There were no injuries reported.... You Might Like Other recent news in Business Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat RETAIL Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Food prices help ease October retail INFLATION to 4.20% US RETAIL SALES see strong growth Newsonomics: Fake-news fury forces GOOGLE and Facebook to change policy Google's plans to build huge new London HQ for 7,000 employees hailed as 'major vote of confidence' for BREXIT Britain Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK GOVERNMENT input ​Google, FACEBOOK, Twitter, others have 30-item wish list for Trump Eurozone Q3 growth solid despite Brexit vote, Trump ELECTION overshadows outlook VODAFONE beats expectations as it continues to monitor Brexit implications EASYJET profits drop after Brexit's hammering of the pound Twitter Sonny Faust RT @wsvn: LIVE on #Periscope: Breaking: FedEx cargo plane catches fire at Fort Lauderdale. https://t.co/Uqzx4AqStm 3 hours ago 緑の靴の物語 RT @BreakingNews: No injuries in FedEx cargo plane fire at Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., airport, Broward Sheriff's Fire Rescue says - WSVN https:/… 1 day ago Juliana Morris RT @teresainiowa: @prophetcarn a FedEx cargo plane catches fire at fort Lauderdale airport saw on channel 7 news 2 days ago Crime FedEx Plane Catches Fire At Fort Lauderdale Airport... https://t.co/2nCdAdQUcG 4 days ago iPlay.today [Download] FedEx plane catches fire at Fort Lauderdale-#Hollywood International Airport - https://t.co/V72kz9qNBV https://t.co/surFbCztGx 6 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Gwen Ifill Dwayne Johnson Current Topics Sexiest Man Man Alive Paul Ryan Oklahoma City Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper The story appears on Page A11 November 1, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Transport China fully opens civilian airport sector for private capital to fly in Source: Xinhua | November 1, 2016, Tuesday | Print Edition CHINA’S civilian airport market is now fully accessible to private capital as the national aviation authority issues a sweeping rights-granting guideline. The Civil Aviation Administration of China rolled out the red carpet for private capital in all civilian airport projects that are planned in the country’s outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Financing for civilian airports’ construction and operation under public-private partnerships will be encouraged to improve “service quality and efficiency,” according to the guideline, which points to a reduced number of state-owned airports. Private capital is permitted in participating in the construction and operation of civilian airports and their affiliated facilities via franchising, transfer of operation or stock right, and entrusted operation. Private investment no longer needs the agency’s approval to fund terminals, logistics and warehousing, ground services and other operations of entirely civilian airports. Qualified private and foreign investment are now allowed to provide intermediary services such as counseling, designing and maintenance to civilian airports, according to the guideline. The country has also fully opened the market of general aviation airport construction, launchpad for a fledgling industry with a market projected to hit 150 billion yuan (US$22 billion) by 2020. Investment source for general airports is not limited, as well as inter-investment between general airports and other market entities, CAAC said. China will become the world’s first aviation market to exceed US$1 trillion in value in 20 years, according to a forecast by US airplane giant Boeing. The country is predicted to demand 6,810 new airplanes over the next two decades, with the total value of new aircraft worth nearly US$1.03 trillion. However, an insufficient number of civilian airports especially general airports is hampering China’s ability to meet the demand of a booming consumer market, fueled by rising income and more service consumption. Opening the door to private capital is believed to alleviate the government’s financial pressure and accelerate the building of civilian airports. Transport <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly King and queen of crabs HK's High Court disqualifies 2 nation-insulting legislators-elect for violating Basic Law Nail-gun murderer executed Billionaire Warren Buffett invests in 3 big US airlines Evacuations underway in quake-hit New Zealand Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Push for 3D printing Revenue gains 44.5% for couriers China worried over EU’s duties on steel Renault unveils Chinese-made SUV View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > Zhuhai 2016 > Aleris’s Chinese Mill Joins Move Into Higher Grades For Airbus You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Aleris’s Chinese Mill Joins Move Into Higher Grades For Airbus Oct 31, 2016 Bradley Perrett | AviationWeek.com EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement ZHUHAI, China—Just four years after opening, a Chinese aluminum mill of U.S. aerospace supplier Aleris will fully participate in the company’s shift into more advanced production for Airbus. The plant will supply higher-grade aluminum for wing skins and introduce machining to cut costs of the final parts, said Ingo Kroepfl, vice president for Aleris’s aerospace business. Aleris itself is being bought by Zhongwang International Group, the parent of Chinese aluminum maker China Zhongwang, through a U.S. subsidiary. The transaction, announced Aug. 29, will apparently make the group the second Chinese company qualified to supply aluminum for Western aerospace programs. Capacity of the Zhenjiang mill may need to rise, but not specifically because of long-term supplies for Airbus under the July agreement, which takes effect in 2017, said Kroepfl. Aleris’s main aerospace plant, in Koblenz, Germany, will supply most of the aluminum that the company will supply to Airbus under the agreement, but the Zhenjiang facility will for the first time play a substantial role in a contract with the European airframe maker. That will include making plate in high-performance aluminum for wing skins: 2000-series material for the underside and 7000 series for the upper skin. Aleris has not previously supplied aluminum alloy of the grades that Airbus needs for wing skins. Introducing the Zhenjiang plant to making them so early, at around the same time that the experienced Koblenz plant begins doing so, suggests that the Chinese mill has matured quickly since opening in 2013. Growth in aerospace manufacturing in Japan led Aleris to set up the $350 million Zhenjiang plant. By reducing transportation expenses, supplying Asian part makers from Asia can cut the cost of the aluminum by a significant single-digit percentage, said Kroepfl. Proximity also improves the economics of returning material removed in fabrication—chips and cut-offs that could otherwise be thrown away. Machining material before supplying it to companies that make the final parts is a new activity for Aleris. The aluminum maker can keep most of the excess material, which then does not need to be transported at all. The originating plant can also easily segregate the chips, so a batch of collected waste material is all of the same grade. Since the part is closer to the final shape, the part fabricator will need to do less machining, though this saving is offset by the cost of Aleris’s preliminary machining. The Zhenjiang mill also supplies Boeing, Bombardier and domestic Chinese programs. It makes only plate, which is at least 6.35 mm (on-quarter of an inch) thick; anything thinner is sheet, which Koblenz can handle, at widths of up to 3.45 meters (11 ft.). At Zhenjiang, Aleris can make plate up to about 150 mm thick, while Koblenz has been upgraded for 254 mm product. The ultimate capacity of the plant, set by the throughput available from the hot mill, is 250,000 tons a year, but its other equipment currently limits it to 35,000 tons a year. That may rise, said Kroepfl. The first change would be to increase heat-treating capacity, he said. Separately, Aleris is discussing a new product, aluminum-scandium alloy, with several airframe companies. Like aluminum-lithium it is more expensive than conventional aerospace aluminum, but fabricating parts with it can be cheaper, said the company. It is also less dense and therefore lighter. Aleris has developed the material as a direct replacement for the common conventional alloy known as 2024. Koepfl declines to discuss specific prospective applications for aluminum-scandium, such as the A330neo. Zhongwang International’s intended purchase of Aleris from private equity investors is only the latest example of Chinese companies buying Western businesses with valuable aerospace know-how—though Aleris also supplies other industries, such as automobile manufacturing. Achieving aluminum characteristics demanded by Western aircraft companies is not easy, so the acquisition may have offered a shortcut for China Zhongwang. Rival Southwest Aluminum was contracted by Airbus in 2011 to supply aluminum plate. Editor's note: This article has been updated to clarify the arrangement for the acquisition of Aleris. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Testing Chief Warns Of JSF Software Delays 146   Bombardier Outlines Transformation Plan 25   Engineers Plan To Go Local For Mars Habitat Building Materials 65   Viewpoint: Empty Cockpits 67 Advertisement Connect with ShowNews Email your latest news that you have planned for NBAA and Zhuhai to ShowNews' Editor-In-Chief, John Morris Sign up to receive the ShowNews edition of the Daily Digest newsletter. Interested in advertising? Learn More Advertisement Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
null
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment SilverArrow acquires 51% share of Switzerland's PrivatAir By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 31, 2016 SilverArrow Capital Group has acquired the majority share (51 percent) of Swiss-based PrivatAir, SA, the company said. PrivatAir is an international premium airline and business aviation group with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland and operating offices in Duesseldorf, Germany and Lisbon, Portugal. PrivatAir operates a wide-range of aircrafts ranging from Boeing B767, B757, BBJs to Airbus A319 and business jets for airlines like Lufthansa and SAS. SilverArrow Capital is a group of private investment firms focusing on industrial growth sectors, real-estate and infrastructure projects supported by a global advisory and operations team. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Penton's Aviation names excellence awards winners Aurora to establish drone training in SW Virginia » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
null
  Chron.com Houston Chronicle Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Menu Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Commentary: The new energy company Posted by FuelFix.com Date: October 31, 2016 By Reid Morrison The U.S. oil and gas industry has experienced a sea change as it navigates an unpleasant shift in commodity prices since the highs of 2014. And as the industry muscles through a slow recovery, exploration and production, oilfield services, and drilling companies  are finding they have stressed balanced sheets, income statements, and organizations. As with the rest of the industry, these segments are engaged in cost cutting, asset sales, portfolio rationalization and strategic transactions in an effort to position themselves in a sustained low commodity price environment. Reid Morrison is the global energy advisory leader at the accounting and consulting firm PwC and a principal in  PwC’s Houston office. With $100 per barrel of oil a distant memory, and hope for a fast recovery all but gone, this has forced an evolution within the industry—an evolution that has the potential to create a new type of energy company, one that looks laser focused on its core areas compared to a conglomerate competing in numerous industries and geographies. The determining factor of the change: Where are we an average player versus where can we truly be best-in-class? The creation of this new energy company will require a mindset that fosters a strategic nimbleness in which companies focus on where they are exceptional and have the honesty to acknowledge where they are average. This means companies must take a hard look at the individual parts of their enterprise to determine where they have the capabilities to win in an up and down market. An up market skews the capability and performance measures, and a down market reveals the unpleasant truth. With crude oil prices fluctuating between $40 and $50 per barrel, leaders oil and gas companies cannot afford to be anything but exceptional. To adapt in this new environment, it’s going to take courage to take a fresh look at longstanding business practices. Some might not like what they find, but the industry can learn a valuable lesson and benefit from the recent downturn by getting operationally smarter. In the price run-up of 2012-14, companies allocated billions of dollars of capital, investing in areas, functions or assets where they were average performers. The rising commodity price covered up parts of their company that were average, and the conventional thinking was,  “We have to do it all because that is how we have always done it.” The current moment offers the industry a chance to put itself on more sound strategic footing, albeit with a different mix of partners, capabilities, and business models. Mutually beneficial results can occur when companies confine themselves to areas of excellence and partner with others who have exceptional capabilities that are complimentary. That’s what economists call the law of comparative advantage. One example of this is Apple. Apple uses its ecosystem of first-tier suppliers to manage the technical design process, while Apple maintains control of the “user experience” and interface, integration of devices and applications, and design. Another example is Boeing, which controls aircraft design, component integration, sales order commitment and capital funding processes, while relying on its strategic partners in its supply chain network to source materials and design and build components. Getting to excellence won’t be fast or easy, and as someone who works across all three segments of the oil and gas  industry, I can say many companies have trouble disentangling “excellence” from the mindset of what is familiar. There is such a bias for in-sourcing work that it can override a more objective, fact-based assessment of who does what best, regardless of company affiliation. The industry should look to work with strategic partners to complement their existing capabilities, much like Boeing and Apple have done. But despite all of the current uncertainty, there is one thing that still holds true: The industry is evolving. To keep up, companies should focus on where they’re exceptional. The days of being average, of being all things to all people, of being a Jack of all trades but a master of none, are disappearing in the rearview mirror. The law of comparative advantage is moving the industry in a new direction, creating the New Energy Company. By forming strength-based strategic relationships with best-in-class oilfield services and drilling companies, exploration and production players can remove costs, get access to those little innovations that add up to make a big difference, have partners with deep digital capabilities, shorten cycle times and boost returns on invested capital. All in all, this puts energy companies on a better footing to operate profitably in a “leaner for longer” environment.   SHOW MORE View Comments Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Tool Rollbacks and Clearance WalmartPosted 11 hr 52 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Microfiber Midway Briefs 2-Pack for $8 + free... eBayPosted 11 hr 50 min ago SHOP NOW Rollback Bike Deals at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping WalmartPosted 12 hr ago SHOP NOW HDTVs at Walmart: Deals from $75 + free shipping WalmartPosted 12 hr 6 min ago Houston’s Top Docs Newsletter Get FuelFix straight to your email. Subscribe Oil & Gas Jobs Anadarko cutting 58 jobs in East Texas November 07, 2016 U.S. oil and gas rig count up again; Permian booms October 21, 2016 Two more rigs in U.S. oilfields; third increase in a row October 07, 2016 IHI E&C terminates dozens of Houston employees this week October 06, 2016 Noble Energy warns workers of layoffs to come September 29, 2016 The Gift of History! About Us Contact Us Newsletters Privacy Policy Your California Rights Brought to you by the Houston Chronicle. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
16.11.2016 04:28   новости на русском azərbaycan dilində Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Main page Latest News Analytics Politics Business Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Azernews.az World news Weird / Interesting Photo Galleries Voice of Diaspora Your Corner TODAY.AZ / World news Uzbekistan Airways sees fall in passenger transportation 31 October 2016 [14:18] - TODAY.AZ By Azernews By Gunay hasanova Uzbekistan National Airways carried 1.882 million passengers in January-September 2016, which is 5 percent less than in the same period of 2015. The company reported that some 856,700 passengers were transported to the CIS countries (4.2 percent decrease), 624,600 passengers to the far abroad countries (0.8 percent increase), 400,600 passengers - on domestic flights (14.4 percent decrease). The volume of cargo transportations of the airline amounted to 30,600 tons compared to 31,000 tons in January-September of 2015 (a 1.6 percent decrease). “Cargo aircraft of the airline carried out 734 flights in January-September 2016, which is 46 flights more than during the same period last year,” the message said. During the reporting period, Uzbekistan Airways opened Tashkent-Voronezh regular flight. Uzbekistan Airways is the monopoly carrier in Uzbekistan and is wholly owned by the state. Its fleet currently consists of 30 aircraft of western production, including 12 Boeings (four 767-300, five 757-200, two 767- 300-ER and one Boeing-787-800 Dreamliner), 13 Airbuses (three A-310 and ten A-320-200), three medium-range RJ-85 planes and two Boeing-767-300BCF cargo planes. Uzbekistan Airways conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, America, Middle East, Asia, and in 22 cities of countries of Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 destinations on local airlines. In 2015, the Uzbek airline decreased the transportation of passengers by 2 percent, or to 2.572 million passengers compared to 2014. The volume of freight transportations decreased by 2.8 percent, to 41,800 tons in 2015. URL: http://www.today.az/news/regions/155633.html Tweet Print version Views: 479 Connect with us. Get latest news and updates. Follow @TRENDNewsAgency Recommend news to friend Your name: Your e-mail: Friend's name: Friend's e-mail: See Also 15 November 2016 [14:26] Iranian President supports idea of visa-free regime with Russia 15 November 2016 [12:52] Turkish PM to visit Russia in December 15 November 2016 [12:38] Iran to abandon gasoline imports 15 November 2016 [11:39] ADB allocates $120M to improve water supply in Uzbekistan 15 November 2016 [10:43] Vladimir Putin holds phone talks with US President-Elect Donald Trump 14 November 2016 [18:00] Turkey to simplify granting citizenship to foreign investors 14 November 2016 [17:43] FM: Iran interested in purchase of Russian weapons 14 November 2016 [15:11] Foreign investments in Kazakhstan increase 14 November 2016 [14:56] President: Turkey may hold referendum on joining EU 14 November 2016 [10:43] Turkish FM slams EU chief’s remarks on terror arrests Most Popular China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop Azerbaijan, Pakistan eye military cooperation SOCAR to broad its activities in Egypt Contact us: editor@today.az Copyright © 2005-2014 Today.Az Advertising
