null
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 22 March 2017 Malindo Air to get new Boeing planes by david tan Kirana: ‘The new technology allows the aircraft to burn less fuel. LANGKAWI: Lion Group is spending US$23bil to buy new Boeing 737 Max and Boeing 737 Next Generation aircraft for Malindo Air. Co-founder of Lion Group, Rusdi Kirana said Malindo Air would be the first in the world to use the Boeing 737 Max, which could generate 20% savings in fuel cost. “The first of the Boeing 737 Max will be delivered over a 10-year period starting in May. “The Boeing 737 Next Generation (NG) are in the process of being delivered,” Kirana said after making the announcement at Lima 2017. Malindo Air chief executive officer Chandra Rama Muthy said the Boeing 737 Max offered lower operating costs with better fuel efficiency due to its new engines and aerodynamic improvements, including the advanced technology winglets. “The new technology allows the aircraft to burn less fuel and lowers operational costs, allowing us to offer competitive fares,” he added. Chandran added that the new aircraft was able to cover further destinations flying for 7 hours and 30 minutes. “This will help attract tourists to our country as it will drive down the costs of air fare. “It is a single-aisle aircraft that will generate a 20% lower fuel use than the first Next-Generation 737s, making it the lowest operating cost in its class – 8% per seat less than its nearest competitor,” he added. Malindo Air currently has 16 ATR72-600 and 26 Boeing 737NG next generation aircraft as of 2017. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , Stocks , Earnings , Corporate News , Investing , Malindo Related Stories Related Stories Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Malindo Air collaborates with ERL for check-in services Airlines to charge for food, seats and other facilities to up ancillary income Price war among airlines intensifying, lower fares seen Malindo Air partners Qatar Airways to connect passengers to a 100 destinations You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Thousands stretch away the stress Erdogan says Bulgaria's pressure on Turks "unacceptable" Hard-working Ricciardo hopes for reward for effort Property Related advertisement Latest News Taiwan unveils RM128bil stimulus amid uncertainty over US, China Executing it right EU says considering lower requirements for fintech services Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Most Viewed in Business Executing it right Ringgit continues downward trend against us$ early Thursday Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Highlights of Bank Negara Annual Report 2016 Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Bank Negara: 1992 forex losses investigation underway Malaysia Airlines seeks new widebody planes as jets fill up Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA Eco World International’s IPO oversubscribed nearly 9 times advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Business Rocket Lab moves HQ to Huntington Beach, near Boeing complex, and is hiring March 21, 2017 Updated 4:09 p.m. 1 of 5 Rocket Lab has moved its headquarters from Los Angeles to Huntington Beach.(Photo courtesy of Rocket Lab) 1 of 5 Rocket Lab has moved its headquarters from Los Angeles to Huntington Beach. Its rockets launch from New Zealand. (Photo courtesy of Rocket Lab) 1 of 5 1 of 5 1 of 5 Rocket Lab has moved its headquarters from Los Angeles to Huntington Beach.(Photo courtesy of Rocket Lab) View slideshow Rocket Lab has moved its headquarters from Los Angeles to Huntington Beach.(Photo courtesy of Rocket Lab) By HANNAH MADANS / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Rocket Lab, a small satellite launch company, has moved its headquarters to Huntington Beach from Los Angeles. The new facility, at 14520 Delta Lane adjacent to the Boeing complex, will triple the company’s production rate. “The Huntington Beach area is well known and has big heritage in the industry,” founder and chief executive Peter Beck said. “We are building upon the great tradition of Boeing and putting into place plans to encourage the relocation of more high tech and aerospace businesses,” said Fred Wilson, Huntington Beach city manager, in a statement. The Rocket Lab facility will be used for electronics and engine manufacturing and some offices. The property is roughly 150,000 square feet, according to Beck. The company has about 150-200 employees, but only around 10 are based in the Huntington Beach office, Beck said. The company is looking to quadruple that number in a few months. Jobs at the company’s careers page included avionics manufacturing engineer and electronics technician. Boeing, meanwhile, announced in November plans to move 2,400 jobs away from Huntington Beach by 2020. Rocket Lab was created in 2006 in Auckland, New Zealand, with the goal of offering frequent launch opportunities for low-Earth orbit. In 2013 the group established its headquarters in Los Angeles. The company is focusing on its Electron orbital launch program. It has launched more than 80 sounding, or instrument carrying, rockets and was the first private company to reach space from the Southern Hemisphere. Rocket Lab operates its launch site in New Zealand. The Electron is a small rocket – only 18 meters long – which typically carries small satellites. “The space industry is growing. Most of it is targeted at more satellites,” Beck said. “The trouble is that in the industry launches are slow and inaccessible. We’re trying to build a strong launch vehicle to carry small satellites.” Private space company’s, including Elon Musk’s SpaceX and Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic, also have been established in recent years to push forward affordable space initiatives. Beck said the goal is to produce one rocket a week in Huntington Beach. He said no other projects are in the works. “Building a launch vehicle from scratch is usually done by a country not a company,” Beck said. The company on Tuesday said it has raised $148 million, including a recent Series D financing round, raising its value to unicorn status or $1 billion dollars. Contact the writer: hmadans@ocregister.com or Twitter: @HannahMadans Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Fire damages Huntington Beach apartment building, leaves 4 pets dead Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured In London, another ‘lone wolf’ terrorist attack Where do Southern California Republicans stand on GOP health care bill? 7 of 9 puppies taken from Cypress woman accused of running bogus rescue are adopted User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Education » Orange Coast College honors anti-Trump instructor Olga Cox, but she turns it down Trustees pass $270 tuition hike for Cal State students Tuition hike passes Cal State finance panel; formal trustees' vote comes next BUSINESS » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim Food » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Here's what's new at Knott's Berry Farm's Boysenberry Festival 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Gorsuch confirmation hearings HEALTH CARE » Uninsured people in California and the U.S. are at their lowest rates SLIDESHOW » 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Street Style: What they're wearing at Ducks games CARTOONS » Cartoons: FBI probe VIDEO/SLIDESHOW » 50 years ago Saturday, Pirates of the Caribbean opened at Disneyland Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Aircraft Briefs-March 21, 2017 Aircraft Briefs-March 21, 2017 Mar 21, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: An exclusive look on board Asiana's Airbus A380 Advertisement MBA Aircraft Solutions was retained by China Airlines to sell three Airbus A340-300s. Intrepid Aviation concluded an agreement with Philippine Airlines for the long-term lease of two new Boeing 777-300ERs, and placed the remaining two 777’s under its 2014 purchase agreement with Boeing. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery to the Philippine flag carrier in December 2017 and will support its growth and fleet modernization objectives. Boeing delivered the 450th 737-800 to Irish low-cost carrier Ryanair. Air Partner’s Aircraft Remarketing division (formerly Cabot Aviation) arranged the sale of two Boeing 747-400s on behalf of China Airlines. The aircraft were sold March 3 to Jet Midwest Group, a full-service commercial aircraft, engine and spare parts trading company offering complete end-of-life creative product support solutions. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles MRO Briefs-March 17, 2017 MRO Briefs-March 22, 2017 MRO Briefs-March 10, 2017 MRO Briefs-March 7, 2017 MRO Digest News Briefs March 23, 2016   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 13, 2017 Article Aireon satellite-based ADS-B goes live on Iridium NEXT satellite Space-based ADS-B provider Aireon has taken full control of its ADS-B receiver installed on an Iridium NEXT satellite, following the launch of the first 10 satellites in January this year....More Mar 10, 2017 Article Satcom study unveils higher than expected benefits for airlines A study released at the World ATM Congress in Madrid this week suggests that satellite communication (satcom) in the cockpit has saved airlines more than $3 billion over the last 15 years....More Mar 9, 2017 Article World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017 World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate A new AirBridgeCargo Boeing 787-8 freighter airplane sits on the tarmac in October at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport after flying in from the manufacturing plant in Everett. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) ‘Queen of the skies’ 747 will soon be just a flying truck Tue Mar 21st, 2017 2:45pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Samantha Masunag, Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES — The wide-bodied Boeing 747 was once known as the queen of the skies, an instantly recognizable behemoth revered for its luxury and spaciousness. As time passed, however, the original jumbo jet was outstripped by more efficient twin-engine planes. Now the 747’s days as a passenger plane are numbered. Delta and United — the last two U.S. airlines that fly 747s — have said they will retire those planes from their fleet by the end of the year, 48 years after the jet first took flight. Today, Boeing Co. produces just six 747s a year. The Chicago-based aerospace giant says it is eyeing the cargo market for new customers. The winding-down of 747 production is also a reminder of Southern California’s diminished role as a builder of big planes and their parts. The most prominent supplier in the region is a fuselage-panel plant in the Los Angeles-area city of Hawthorne that once employed thousands. Today, the factory has 300 employees. “The 747 was a fabulous airplane,” said Scott Hamilton, founder of aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. LLC. “But like any technology, it moves on.” At the time, the big jet represented a spectacular gamble for Boeing. Up until the 747’s debut, flying was a cramped — or more cramped — experience in narrow-body planes. When the plane rolled off an assembly line in the late 1960s, it was already larger and had longer range than later “airbus” aircraft, such as the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011. Aspiring 747 pilots were specially trained to taxi the large aircraft by riding in a mock-up of the plane’s flight deck boosted on three-story-tall stilts in a moving truck. Pilots maneuvered the “simulator” by radioing directions down to the truck driver. Boeing poured financial resources into the 747’s development, which almost bankrupted the company as cost overruns were exacerbated by a recession that broke just as the plane made its debut, said Suresh Kotha, professor of management at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. The company had to cut deals with suppliers to produce parts on their own dime. Production began while the massive Everett assembly plant was still under construction; the plant’s construction alone cost $200 million, according to the book “Boeing 747: A History.” Expected orders disappeared, and airlines that did buy the plane opted to install lounges in the 747’s famous hump rather than fill the plane to its 400-seat capacity. American Airlines even placed a piano bar near the back of its planes. “It had unparalleled spaciousness,” Hamilton said. “The fliers of today are used to stepping on a 747 or 777 that has wide bodies. Back then, you’d step onto the airplane and go, ‘Wow.’” At the time, commercial aerospace was still a major industry in Southern California. Northrop Corp. won a Boeing subcontract to produce the plane’s fuselage panels in 1966. The company’s Hawthorne plant made the basic fuselage assemblies, while another facility in the coastal city of Ventura built the structure that connected the fuselage skin with the wing. Plants in Anaheim and Long Beach produced the plane’s flooring. In 1969, the Hawthorne plant employed 5,000 workers, as well as an additional 2,400 who were indirectly involved in 747 production. Lockheed and Douglas later ceded the commercial market to Boeing, and the region focused more on space and defense, said Peter Westwick, adjunct professor of history at USC and editor of the book “Blue Sky Metropolis: The Aerospace Century in Southern California.” “Northrop ended up being the one to keep building these commercial aircraft,” he said. “And Northrop is not usually seen as one of the main players.” In 2005, Boeing rival Airbus unveiled its own jumbo jet, the 555-seat A380. Boeing tried to counter the move by announcing plans for updated versions of the 747, but airlines weren’t interested in what they saw as an outdated plane. Boeing shifted its strategy and began promoting a future of more point-to-point travel to smaller airports, versus the old hub-and-spoke system that maximized huge planes, Kotha said. More important, technology shifted to favor more fuel-efficient jets. Lighter engines were developed using more titanium and capable of generating more thrust, with more reliable turbine blades. Twin-engine planes were eventually certified to fly over the ocean. Planes such as the Boeing 777 and 787, and Airbus A330 and 350, combined the perks of a wide body with greater fuel-efficiency. A typical 290-seat Boeing 787-9 would use about 18,400 gallons of fuel to fly from Los Angeles International Airport to London’s Heathrow Airport, according to an analysis from Leeham Co. A 405-seat 747-8 passenger plane making the same trip would use about 33,000 gallons. Now Airbus is facing a similar sales cliff with its massive A380. The company recorded no net orders last year and is working through a dwindling backlog of orders. Boeing, meanwhile, is hoping to squeeze out some last years from the 747 as a cargo plane. In October, UPS ordered 14 new 747-8 cargo jets for its air shipping service, with an option to purchase an additional 14. Boeing spokeswoman Jessica Kowal said the UPS order indicates that customers still see value in the 747 for its carrying capacity and its hinged nose door for accommodating larger loads. “We continue building 747-8s, and there are no plans to discontinue that work,” she said. “While the previous economic downturn slowed the market, we are working with customers across the globe and expect activity to increase to match growth of the cargo market.” Analysts say the international air cargo market has grown, especially with the rise of e-commerce. But unless Boeing is able to secure additional orders beyond that of UPS, the plane could be out of production, Kotha said. Also encountering some turbulence is the 747’s most prestigious assignment — the heavily modified Air Force One plane that transports U.S. presidents. Boeing has initial contracts amounting to $170 million to develop a new version, based on the latest 747-8, but President Trump has challenged the jet’s price tag and the two sides have held discussions on possible cost savings. Over time, the vast 747 supplier base in California has shrunk. In 1993, there were about 320 suppliers in the state; today, there are only 118 factories in California that support the program. The plane’s fuselage panels are still produced in Hawthorne and transported via rail cars to Boeing’s facility in Washington. In 2000, Northrop Grumman sold its commercial aero-structures business, including the Hawthorne plant, to the Carlyle Group, a private investment firm. The plant was later purchased by Triumph Group. At the current production rate, Triumph will be under contract with Boeing through the end of the decade, Boeing said. The factory’s neighborhood reflects the shifting focus of Southern California’s reinvigorated aerospace industry. Elon Musk’s SpaceX has moved in along Jack Northrop Ave.; at one end of the block, the first rocket booster the company landed back on Earth towers over nearby buildings. Large tubes for the SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition run along most of the street. Triumph’s buildings are largely hidden behind a black fence, with the company’s name and logo on a few modest signs. “Any future depends on whether UPS exercises options for … another 14 (planes),” Hamilton said. “But basically once Air Force One is delivered, and once UPS is delivered, there’s really no future left for the 747.” A brief history of the original jumbo jet 1966: Pan American places the first order for Boeing’s 747. The airline orders 25 planes. 1966: Northrop Corp. announces it was selected to build the fuselage of the 747 in Southern California. 1970: The Boeing 747 enters commercial service, taking passengers from New York to London on Pan American. 1974: NASA acquires a 747 jetliner from American Airlines and converts it into the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft to carry the space shuttle back and forth across the country. 1990: Two 747-200s are modified to serve as Air Force One, replacing the Boeing VC-137s that had served as the presidential aircraft for almost 30 years. 2006: A modified 747-400 freighter debuts as the platform for the U.S. Air Force’s Airborne Laser Program, which was intended to destroy ballistic missiles with a laser mounted in the plane’s nose. The plane is later designated YAL-1 but is eventually cancelled. 2007: Airbus’ jumbo jet, the A380, enters service. The double-deck plane seats 555 people. 2014: Boeing delivers its 1,500th 747. 2015: Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic says it will use a modified version of a 747 nicknamed Cosmic Girl to serve as the carrier aircraft for its satellite-launching rocket, LauncherOne.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Intercepted Podcast Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ Unofficial _Sources f t ✉ ⎕ 77 Photo: Olivier Douliery/Press Pool/Getty Images Donald Trump Is Filling Top Pentagon and Homeland Security Positions With Defense Contractors Lee Fang Lee Fang 2017-03-21T18:30:46+00:00 Photo: Olivier Douliery/Press Pool/Getty Images President Donald Trump has weaponized the revolving door by appointing defense contractors and their lobbyists to key government positions as he seeks to rapidly expand the military budget and homeland security programs. Two Department of Homeland Security appointments Trump announced Tuesday morning are perfect examples. Benjamin Cassidy, installed by Trump as assistant secretary for legislative affairs, previously worked as a senior executive at Boeing’s international business sector, marketing Boeing military products abroad. Jonathan Rath Hoffman, named assistant secretary for public affairs, previously worked as a consultant to the Chertoff Group, the sprawling homeland security consulting firm founded by former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff. The firm has come under fire for advising a variety of firms seeking government contracts, including for full-body scanners deemed invasive by privacy activists. Hoffman also led a state chapter of a neoconservative military-contractor advocacy organization during the 2016 presidential campaign. Neither position requires Senate confirmation. Personnel from major defense companies now occupy the highest ranks of the administration including cabinet members and political appointees charged with implementing the Trump agenda. At least 15 officials with financial ties to defense contractors have been either nominated or appointed so far, with potentially more industry names on the way as Trump has yet to nominate a variety of roles in the government, including Army and Navy secretaries. Before their confirmations, Jim Mattis and John Kelly, the secretaries of the departments of Defense and Homeland Security, were primarily paid by defense firms. Mattis was paid $242,000, along with up to $500,000 in vested stock options, as director of General Dynamics, a company that produces submarines, tanks, and a range of munitions for the military. Mattis also received speaking fees from several firms, including Northrop Grumman. Kelly previously served in a number of roles at defense contracting consulting and lobbying firms and worked directly as an adviser to Dyncorp, a company that contracts with the Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. Defense firms have eagerly watched as Trump recently unveiled a budget calling for $54 billion in additional military spending next year, as well as an additional $30 billion for the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security for this fiscal year, which ends on September 31. About $15.5 billion of the $30 billion is slated to be spent on new military equipment. The spending spree will provide a brand new opportunity for defense lobbyists to get business for their clients. And the most effective lobbying generally involves contacting former colleagues in positions of power. Major lobbying groups for the arms companies, including the National Defense Industrial Association and the Aerospace Industries Association, welcomed the selection of Secretary Mattis, who has already scheduled meetings with industry executives. Secretary Kelly has pledged to work more closely with the private sector, promising greater collaboration with private firms to accomplish his agency’s goals. To carry out this private-sector friendly agenda, defense officials have taken major roles throughout Trump’s administration. Pat Shanahan, nominated last week by Trump to serve as deputy secretary of defense, is a vice president at Boeing who formerly led the company’s missile defense subsidiary. Disclosures show that Elaine Duke, the nominee for deputy secretary of homeland security, previously consulted for Booz Allen Hamilton, General Dynamics, and the Columbia Group, a small contractor that builds unmanned naval drones. The nominee to lead the Air Force, former New Mexico Congresswoman Heather Wilson, worked as a consultant to a Lockheed Martin subsidiary after retiring from public office. The company sought Wilson’s help to maintain a $2.4 billion a year contract to manage Sandia National Laboratories, the premiere nuclear weapons research facility, and to keep the contract closed to competition. “Lockheed Martin should aggressively lobby Congress, but keep a low profile,” Wilson urged the company in a memo revealed later by an inspector general report. Trump’s pick for national security council chief of staff, retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, has worked at a variety of defense contracting companies. After serving in senior roles in Iraq’s provisional government after the 2003 invasion, Kellogg left the government for the private sector. He told the Washington Post in 2005 that he joined Oracle to “establish a homeland security business unit” at the firm, and later joined CACI International, a company with major contracts in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Following CACI, Kellogg joined Cubic Defense in 2009 to develop the company’s combat training business. A list of temporary political appointees recently published by ProPublica reveals a number of less-known influence peddlers who have taken senior roles in the administration. Chad Wolf and Lora Ries, two recently appointed advisers at the Department of Homeland Security, are formerly registered defense lobbyists. Wolf lobbied for Harris Corp. and the United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Ries previously lobbied for a range of defense and homeland security contractors, including Altegrity, Boeing, Implant Sciences Corp., General Dynamics, L1 Identity Solutions, and TASC Inc. In the White House, one of the newest members of the National Economic Council staff is Michael Catanzaro, formerly a registered lobbyist working for both Boeing and Halliburton. Palanatir Technology’s Justin Mikolay, formerly a chief in-house lobbyist for the company who worked to win over billions of dollars in Army contracts, was quietly appointed to serve as a special assistant in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Several appointees are associated with SBD Advisors, a consulting that firm that advertises its ability to facilitate “engagements between the technology and defense sectors,” and is advised by a high profile team of former government leaders, including former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff retired Adm. Mike Mullen and former National Security Agency Director of Operations Ron Moultrie. SBD Advisors’d Sally Donnelly and Tony DeMartino work as temporary political appointees at the Office of the Defense Secretary, according to the list assembled by ProPublica. Kristan King Nevins, recently appointed as chief of staff to Second Lady Karen Pence, also previously worked at SBD Advisors as the director of communications. The Trump administration is the “military-industrial complex personified,” said William Hartung, director of the Arms & Security Project at the Center for International Policy. Hartung noted that while the administration is bringing arms industry officials into government, it is also demanding a massive increase in military spending and appears to be escalating conflicts in Syria and Yemen. “In short, the Trump proposals are an armsmaker’s dream come true,” he said.  Related Contact the author: Lee Fang✉lee.fang@​theintercept.comt@lhfang ˅ ⎕ 77 Comments The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
Philadelphia Home News Restaurants Health Arts & Events Shopping Magazine Business Real Estate Politics Weddings LGBTQ The Scene Best of Philly Poll Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe Search Search … Navigation ▼ Latest News Innovation & Tech Startups Philly Economy Boeing Is Asking Pa. for $30M to Boost Delco Factory The redevelopment funds could help the company land a big military contract. By Fabiola Cineas  |  March 21, 2017 at 12:26 pm comment on this post The Boeing V-22 Osprey, one of the Delco plant’s products. Image via Wikimedia Commons. Boeing is sending out an S.O.S. Last week, after Trump announced his budget proposal, Boeing workers at Delaware County’s Ridley Park manufacturing plant grew concerned that they might lose their jobs. Trump’s budget called for the production of a military aircraft produced in Boeing’s Arizona factory. Now the company is seeking a state grant to refashion a vacant industrial building at the Boeing Philadelphia complex, the Inquirer reports. They’ve applied for exactly $30 million in state funding for the $64.9 million redevelopment project, that would transform the 23,000 space into an aircraft-modification workshop. If they don’t receive the funds the location might “be overlooked for a lucrative, job-sustaining military contract,” according to the application. And Boeing says the new facility would create significant new employment over the next 10-20 years and sustain about 450 jobs, according to the Inquirer, in addition to the $135 million in annual economic impact that the Ridley plant already generates for the state. Workers at the Philadelphia plant produce the V-22 Osprey and CH-47 Chinook, two military aircrafts, but orders of the Osprey have dwindled due to cost and other issues, the Inquirer said. As a result, the plant has dismissed about 400 workers since 2015 through layoffs and buyouts. Boeing spokesperson Cindy Anderson told the Inquirer that the company is making other modifications to boost V-22 Osprey program and save jobs. Follow @fabiolacineas on Twitter. Read More About: Boeing, military aircrafts « Previous Post Next Post » comment on this post You May Also Like Trump’s Budget Proposal Leaves Delco Boeing Workers in Limbo Around The Web Be respectful of our online community and contribute to an engaging conversation. We reserve the right to ban impersonators and remove comments that contain personal attacks, threats, or profanity, or are flat-out offensive. By posting here, you are permitting Philadelphia magazine and Metro Corp. to edit and republish your comment in all media. Magazine Subscribe and Save up to 89%! Subscribe Most Popular Business 10 Philadelphia Area Billionaires on Forbes’ 2017 “Richest” List — Business I Love My Job: Actor-Composer Turned Realtor James Sugg — Business Boeing Is Asking Pa. for $30M to Boost Delco Factory — Business Phillymag.com Women Say They Were Drugged at the Dolphin in South Philly — News Lower Merion Girls Attacked While Walking to Rita's Water Ice in Philly — News A Hawaiian Restaurant Finally Opens in Philly Tomorrow - Philadelphia Magazine — Foobooz Sponsor Content < > Map Out The Ultimate Weekend Workout With These Amazing Bike Trails Weekend warriors and serious cyclers unite! It’s time to switch up the scenery in your biking routine. Meander around lakes, bike over bridges and pedal your way through Howard County’s More >> Next Article: Connect with BizPhilly Follow Us on Twitter Editor Fabiola Cineas | Email Get Our Free Newsletter Sections News Restaurants Health Art & Events Shopping & Style Magazine Sunday Magazine Real Estate Weddings Gay & Lesbian Best of Philly Blogs News Foobooz Birds 24/7 Citified BizPhilly Be Well Philly Philadelphia Wedding G Philly Property The Scene Shoppist Ticket Company About Newsletters Advertise Careers Diversity Policy Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Customer Care Give a Gift Search … Facebook Twitter Established 1908 Philadelphia Magazine 1818 Market Street, Philadelphia PA 19103 Copyright © 2017 Metro Corp. All rights reserved. Member, American Society of Magazine Editors and City and Regional Magazine Association.
finance Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Login / Join Mail Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Full Menu News U.S. News World News Politics Sports Science & Tech More To Enjoy Year In Review Entertainment Celebrity Movies Music TV Finance Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Collective More To Enjoy Quotes Credit Card Compare Property Lifestyle Style Beauty Wellness Food Travel Living Collective More To Enjoy Holiday Gift Finder Horoscopes 52 Weeks Of Chic Games Casino Puzzle Card Board Strategy Action Video Weather Shop Search AOL News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Best From News Tributes pour in for slain London cop Read Full Article Trump Jr. bashes London mayor in tweet after attack Read Full Article US embassies to identify groups for visa screening Read Full Article Best From Entertainment Hugh Jackman reveals NSFW film of him that exists Read Full Article HGTV gives hit 'Fixer Upper' a spinoff Read Full Article People post #WeAreNotAfraid in wake of London attack Read Full Article Best From Lifestyle Hugh Jackman reveals NSFW film of him that exists Read Full Article New Zealand parrot has a contagious laugh  Read Full Article HGTV gives hit 'Fixer Upper' a spinoff Read Full Article Best From Sports Warriors, Thunder end up in massive brawl mid-game Read Full Article Best From Finance Mylan recalls 81,000 EpiPens Read Full Article HGTV gives hit 'Fixer Upper' a spinoff Read Full Article Mass. man sentenced in $3 billion fraud scheme Read Full Article Best From Games Teen makes a website where kittens punch Trump Read Full Article Drug shortage in 2011 tied to increased deaths Read Full Article Mylan recalls 81,000 EpiPens Read Full Article Join AOL My Account Downloads Site Map About Us Advertising About Our Ads Privacy Terms © 2017 AOL Inc. Why this one email cost Boeing $4M Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Heather Wilde Mar 21st 2017 11:03AM How formatting a spreadsheet turned into a headache for 36,000 Boeing employees. When was the last time you sent someone an attachment in an email? Have you noticed that when you type the word "attach" and don't add something, Gmail even helpfully reminds you that you forgot something? For many of us, this is an everyday occurrence--so frequent, we don't even think twice about it. For security professionals, it is the stuff of nightmares. Last week, Boeing notified employees of a minor security breach from February when one of their workers requested help from his spouse in formatting a spreadsheet. Not so terrible, except this spreadsheet contained sensitive information about 36,000 employees, including employee names, ID numbers and accounting codes in the visible columns, in addition to birth dates and social security numbers in hidden columns. More From Inc.com: 10 Gadget Rumors That Are Probably 100 Percent True While this was just a careless mistake, Boeing was quick to act and cleaned up the mess immediately. They've destroyed all copies of the spreadsheet, informed the employees who are affected (and the Washington Attorney General), and offered identity theft protection to their employees. IBM recently performed a worldwide security study which shows average cost of a data breach is $4 million. Each lost or stolen record containing sensitive information incurs an average cost of $158. Companies like Boeing have playbooks and insurance for this type of thing. What can you do to keep yourself out of harm's way? RELATED: Check out the best airports in the world: 16 PHOTOS 15 best airports in the world See Gallery 15 best airports in the world 15. Copenhagen Airport (CPH) Yearly passengers: 26.6 million Previous rank: 18 Why it's awesome: Copenhagen is one of the busiest hubs in northern Europe and is a major base of operations for Scandinavian Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle. Skytrax reviewers lauded the airport for its clear and well-placed signs and the efficient, though sometimes crowded, facilities. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Copenhagen Airport. 14. Tokyo Narita International Airport (NRT) Yearly passengers: 39.1 million Previous rank: 11 Why it's awesome: Narita is the first of the two Tokyo airports to appear on the list. Located 35 miles outside of Japanese capital, Narita handles most of the international traffic going in and out of the city. The airport serves as a major hub for ANA, Japan Airlines, Delta, and United. Skytrax reviewers lauded the airport for its efficient and friendly staff, clean facilities, and abundant dining options. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2016, provided by Narita International Airport. 13. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) Yearly passengers: 22.3 million Previous rank: 14 Why it's great: Vancouver takes home the prize as the top-ranked airport in North America for the eighth year in a row, and for good reason. Customer reviewers on Skytrax cited YVR's friendly staff, high level of organization, and easy access to downtown Vancouver as some of the best things about the airport. Vancouver International also boasts a floatplane terminal, as well as a sizable collection of art from the Pacific Northwest. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figures are for 2016, provided by Vancouver International Airport. 12. Kansai International Airport (KIX) Yearly passengers: 25.2 million Previous rank: 9 Why it's awesome: Located on an artificial island in the Osaka Bay, Kansai International is a major hub for ANA and Japan Airlines. Reviewers on Skytrax praised Kansai for its modern architecture, clean facilities, and helpful staff. The airport also boasts a Sky View observation deck that affords passengers spectacular views of incoming and outgoing flights. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2016, provided by Kansai International Airport. 11. Amsterdam Schiphol Airport (AMS) Yearly passengers: 58.3 million Previous rank: 13 Why it's awesome: Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is one of the busiest airports in Europe and serves as a hub for KLM, Transavia, and Delta. Opened in 1916, Schiphol is noted for its wide variety of leisure activities and has a library in which fliers can cozy up with a good book while waiting for their flights. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. 10. Frankfurt Airport (FRA) Yearly passengers: 61 million Previous rank: 12 Why it's awesome: Frankfurt Airport is the fourth-busiest airport in Europe and one of the most important transit hubs in the world. FRA is home base to Lufthansa's fleet of more than 270 jets. Skytrax reviewers praised the airport for the ease of transit between terminals and the abundant shopping and dining options. Some, however, have complained of lengthy lines at immigration. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. 9. London Heathrow Airport (LHR) Yearly passengers: 75 million Previous rank: 8 Why it's awesome: Heathrow is the world's third-busiest airport and the largest of the five primary airports serving London. Heathrow is in the midst of a major renovation with the addition of a new Terminal 2 building. It's eight-year-old Terminal 5 building was named the best airport terminal in the world by Skytrax. Heathrow serves as the main hub for British Airways and Virgin Atlantic. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. 8. Zurich Airport (ZRH) Yearly passengers: 27.7 million Previous rank: 7 Why it's awesome: Just 8 miles from the heart of Zurich, the airport serves as the home for Swiss International Air Lines and as a hub linking Switzerland's largest city with the rest of the country. For passengers with an extended layover, Zurich Airport offers bicycle and inline-skate rentals and excursions to the Swiss Museum of Transport Lucerne. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2016, provided by Zurich Airport. 7. Central Japan International Airport (NGO) Yearly passengers: 9.8 million Previous rank: 6 Why it's awesome: Built on an artificial island in the middle of Ise Bay near the city of Nagoya, Central Japan International — also known as Centrair — is a focus city for Japan Airlines and ANA. Centrair holds the distinction as the best regional airport in the world. It has a 1,000-foot sky deck, where passengers can watch ships sail into the Port of Nagoya. There's also a traditional Japanese bathhouse, where you can have a relaxing soak while watching the sunset over the bay. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2014, provided by Skytrax. 6. Hamad International Airport (DOH) Yearly passengers: 30 million Previous rank: 10 Why it's awesome: Hamad International opened for business in 2014 and is now home to Qatar Airways. The airport and its two terminals sit on 5,400 acres of land and cost $16 billion to construct. Skytrax describes the facility as the "the most architecturally significant terminal complex in the world, as well as being the most luxurious." Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by the Qatari government. 5. Hong Kong International Airport (HKG) Yearly passengers: 68.3 million Previous rank: 5 Why it's awesome: Built on an artificial island off the coast of Hong Kong, HKG has become one of the most popular facilities in the world since it opened in 1998. One of the busiest airports in Asia, Hong Kong International serves as the home to Cathay Pacific, Hong Kong Airlines, and Dragonair. Be sure to play around at the SkyCity Nine Eagles golf course near Terminal 2. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. 4. Munich Airport (MUC) Yearly passengers: 42.3 million Previous rank: 3 Why it's awesome: Located northeast of downtown Munich, MUC is one of the busiest airports in Europe and the second-busiest in Germany, after Frankfurt. Munich serves as a major hub for Air Berlin, Lufthansa, and Condor, and it features airy, glass-heavy architecture. A nearby visitors park features mini golf and a display of historic aircraft. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2016, provided by Munich Airport. 3. Incheon International Airport (ICN) Yearly passengers: 49.3 million Previous rank: 2 Why it's awesome: Incheon maintains its place as once of the world's elite airports with a third-place finish. Located on an island just outside of the South Korean capital, Incheon is home base to Korean Air and is the 24th-busiest airport in the world. It opened in 2001. Incheon's highly regarded facilities feature an array of shopping and dining options, in addition to a bevy of cultural performances. The airport even has a Korean culture museum. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Incheon Airport. 2. Tokyo Haneda International Airport (HND) Yearly passengers: 75.3 million Previous rank: 4 Why it's awesome: Haneda is one of two major international airports that serve the Tokyo area. Located a few miles from the heart of the Japanese capital, Haneda has proved to be a popular port of entry for business travelers and tourists. The world's fifth-busiest airport, Haneda is known for its service efficiency, cleanliness, and shopping. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. 1. Singapore Changi International Airport (SIN) Yearly passengers: 55.4 million Previous rank: 1 Why it's awesome: For the fifth year in a row, Changi takes the crown as the world's best airport. Changi serves as home to Singapore Airlines, Silkair, and Tigerair, and it's the 16th-busiest airport in the world. The Singaporean airport has received praise from flyers for its beautiful architecture, efficient operation, luxurious amenities, and dining and shopping options. Flyers passing through are treated to movie theaters, a multimedia entertainment deck, spas, and a wild corkscrew slide. Source: Skytrax World Airport Awards. Yearly passenger figure is for 2015, provided by Airports Council International. Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE Go old school In this paperless age of the internet, it seems like we've gotten used to storing all our data in the cloud. However, some things are better left offline. For certain types of information, especially things that contain personally identifiable information like social security numbers, the safest methods of delivery are still in-person or by fax. For those of you (like me) who don't own a land line anymore (much less a fax machine), Regus Business Center and FedEx Office both have many locations around the world where you can use an actual fax machine. Encrypt, encrypt, encrypt I know that probably 95 percent of you are shaking your heads and saying "She can't be serious!" (I am.) If you absolutely must use the interwebs to transfer your sensitive documents, you can be a little bit smarter about it. First, ensure that you're uploading things over an SSL connection. Next, that you've encrypted and password protected your attachments with a secure program like 7zip, or the excellent Cryptup plugin for Gmail. Finally, make sure you never send the password to the file with the attachment itself. Deliver passwords verbally or via some non-email method. Use the right tools Sending sensitive files within email is just generally a bad idea overall, though. Instead, there are plenty of programs that exist to help pick up the slack. Dropbox and Box are my two favorites, as both are certified for HIPAA-level data compliance, so your data is safe to store and share with them. No matter what you do, no solution is 100 percent foolproof. New breaches are being reported almost daily, and excellent sites like Troy Hunt's HaveIBeenPwned can give you a leg up in prevention. Making such a costly mistake can sink your business, and as an entrepreneur, every penny counts. More from Inc.com: 3 Ways to Build Culture by Building Habits How to Take Control of Your Inbox, Once and For All 5 Tips for Using Collateral to Secure a Small-Business Loan Read Full Story Markets US Globals Currencies S&P 500 2,348.45 4.43 0.19% DJIA 20,661.30 -6.71 -0.03% NASDAQ 5,821.64 27.82 0.48% DAX 11,920.90 16.78 0.14% NIKKEI 225 19,085.31 43.93 0.23% HANG SENG 24,327.70 7.29 0.03% USD (per EUR) 1.08 0.00 -0.03% USD (per CHF) 0.99 0.00 0.02% JPY (per USD) 110.71 -0.66 -0.59% GBP (per USD) 1.25 0.00 0.34% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Lies you've been told about losing weight Cheat Sheet The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months The highest paying cash back card is here Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits An astonishing 21-month 0% APR credit card If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 15 worst suburbs to move to if you’re trying to save money 11 secrets walmart shoppers need to know 10 cities where young people can’t afford to buy a home 15 Least Stressed Cities in America 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States Recommended For You 1 HGTV gives hit 'Fixer Upper' a spinoff, finds 'Flip or Flop' solution 2 Mylan recalls 81,000 EpiPens outside US after reports of failure 3 Massachusetts man gets six years in prison for $3 billion fraud 4 Trump's former pick for labor secretary just left his job as a fast-food CEO 5 Costco now delivers to your door 6 TSA, DHS will bar electronic devices on some overseas flights 7 12 terrible things that could happen if you don't do your taxes 8 The one number you should know before buying a house Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,348.454.430.19% DJIA20,661.30-6.71-0.03% NASDAQ5,821.6427.820.48% DAX11,925.2521.130.18% NIKKEI 22519,085.3143.930.23% HANG SENG24,327.707.290.03% USD (per EUR)1.080.00-0.02% USD (per CHF)0.990.000.02% JPY (per USD)110.74-0.63-0.57% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.35% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Stocks: 6 things to know before the bellCNNMoney Will business travelers skip Mideast airports?CNNMoney Deductibles would likely rise under GOP billCNNMoney Trump's Wall Street cop is a big defender of itCNNMoney Sears has 'substantial doubt' that it can surviveCNNMoney Stocks: 5 things to know before the bellCNNMoney Trump's new pick for labor secretary faces SenateCNNMoney Trump's first pick for Labor Dept. out as fast food CEOCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Thank These Riveting Robots for Planes That Don't Fall Apart subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 13 hours Today, Google Maps rolls out real-time sharing location, so you can share your whereabouts with any of your contacts bit.ly/2nKoCkG Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Alex Davies. Alex Davies Transportation Date of Publication: 03.21.17. 03.21.17 Time of Publication: 10:30 am. 10:30 am Thank These Riveting Robots for Planes That Don’t Fall Apart If you feel like you’ve taken a beating after spending eight hours on a plane, try spending a shift on the assembly line that rolls out the flying metal tubes you so hate. It takes two humans to install each of the more than 60,000 rivets that hold a Boeing 777 together: one firing the rivet gun, the other holding the steel bucking bar that forces the fastener into place. The benefits of this tiring job include repetitive stress injuries to the arms, back, and shoulders. To improve life on the line, Boeing took a note from Kenny Chesney: no shoulders, no back, no problems. In other words, it brought in robots. Boeing installed the Fuselage Automated Upright Build system at its 777 factory in Everett, Washington, in December, 2015. It started out assembling the front section of each fuselage; this month, it takes on the rear as well. After drilling all those holes, the robots work in pairs, mimicking the humans they replace. They save Boeing money healthcare costs and improved productivity. “If you drill a good hole, it’ll drill 50,000 good holes,” says Brad Zaback, who oversees the 777 program. The benefits of this system, which took Boeing a year to develop, go beyond ache-prevention. Where Boeing used to rely on floor-mounted assembly rigs, the FAUB system is mobile, rolling around the assembly line on autonomous guided vehicles. After the human employees position fuselage panels in place, the robots roll in and rivet them together. Although the bots experienced some trouble at first, they’ve settled in after more than a year on the line. “They’ve really taken over that job,” says Zaback. “They are going faster and faster.” So the next time you’re at 30,000 feet, be thankful for the robo-twins who helped you get there. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Aviation Boeing engineering Manufacturing Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation Flight Lab Flight Lab: Inside the Model Plane Shop Where NASA Flies the Future Jack Stewart autonomous vehicles AutoX Slaps $50 Webcams on a Car to Make It Drive Itself Jack Stewart Flight Lab Flight Lab: Take a Ride in a 747 That NASA Turned Into a Huge Telescope Oh Good Keep Riding the Subway, by All Means, But Know It’s Not as Green as You Think Aarian Marshall aviation The TSA’s New Ban on Laptops in Cabins May Not Be the Worst Thing Alex Davies Privacy Phone Companies Will Soon Banish Robocalls. For Real This Time Klint Finley We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 13 hours Today, Google Maps rolls out real-time sharing location, so you can share your whereabouts with any of your contacts bit.ly/2nKoCkG Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 13 hours Today, Google Maps rolls out real-time sharing location, so you can share your whereabouts with any of your contacts bit.ly/2nKoCkG Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Spring Event Fall Event Webinars Newsletter Jobs Skip to content DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Career Advice Diversity Management News Toggle navigation Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to real all comments Register Now DiversityInc's 2017 Top 50 Announcement Dinner & Learning Sessions May 2 | Cipriani Wall Street | New York City Boeing Celebrates Rollout of First 737 MAX 9 The airplane is scheduled to fly in the coming weeks, and delivered to customers in 2018. By DiversityInc Staff / March 21, 2017 Boeing (a DiversityInc Noteworthy Company) marked a milestone as the first 737 MAX 9 made its debut in front of thousands of Boeing employees. The 737 MAX 9 is the second member of Boeing’s industry leading 737 MAX family, with a maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles. The airplane now begins system checks, fueling and engine runs on the flight line. Once completed, the airplane will begin flight testing in the coming weeks – the final phase of verification of the operational characteristics and overall performance of a new airplane. “The 737 MAX team continues to do a fantastic job getting us to these important milestones right on schedule,” said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager of the 737 MAX program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “Our primary focus is delivering an aircraft that has the legendary reliability our 737 customers depend on, plus the optimized flexibility and range capability they desire.” The 737 MAX 9 is scheduled to enter service in 2018. The 737 MAX 8 is on track to deliver to customers in the second quarter of 2017. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and discussions continue with customers on growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,600 orders to date from 83 customers worldwide. For more information, visit: http://www.boeing.com/commercial/737max-9#/ Tags: 737 Max 9 Sponsored Content The Boeing Company Recommended Articles KPMG Elects Bill Thomas as Global Chairman Americas Region Chairman will succeed John Veihmeyer upon completion of his term. Bayer Animal Health Supports Research on Prevention of Vector-Borne Diseases The 12th edition of the Companion Vector-Borne Diseases World Forum Symposium took place in Athens, Greece, to facilitate a global exchange on vector-borne diseases among animal health experts. EY Wins Three Awards for Excellence in Hedge Fund Services The firm received these distinctions for its superior performance and breadth of offerings to hedge fund clients in the past year. TD Bank Provides $19.2 Million to Trinity Financial for Washington Village Redevelopment Residents of Connecticut's oldest public-housing complex will have a new place to call home. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. *Your email address will not be published « Previous Article     Next Article » MOST POPULAR Tamir Rice 911 Operator Suspended for Eight Days Republicans, Leaders to Trump: Apologize to Obama for Wiretapping Claim Uber President Quits After Six Months Unemployment Rate for Blacks Increases During Trump Presidency Proposed Budget Hurts Trump Voters WEBINAR LIBRARY   Member-Only! Accountability, Diversity Metrics in Scorecards and Dashboards Should Senior Leaders Address Racial Tensions in the U.S.? Rebooting Your Executive Diversity Council Career Advice: How to Ask for a Raise 5 Successful Strategies for Recruiting Veterans Sign Up Your email will not be added to any promotional lists. Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine CAREER ADVICE Changing Jobs Within Your Company Could be a Good Move Tina Fey Shares Her Success as a Working Mom with David Letterman How to Avoid the ‘Motherhood Penalty’ and Recoup Income How to Apply Your New Mom Skills When You Go Back to Work Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 TRENDING NOW Philadelphia Cinco de Mayo Celebration Cancelled Amid Fear of Immigration Raids 33 comments Proposed Budget Hurts Trump Voters 11 comments Black People More Likely to Be Wrongfully Convicted in U.S., Says Report 10 comments Tamir Rice 911 Operator Suspended for Eight Days 8 comments Republicans, Leaders to Trump: Apologize to Obama for Wiretapping Claim 8 comments ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Products and Services Benchmarking DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Magazine Specs DiversityInc Best Practices Spring Event Sponsorship Information Fall Event Sponsorship Information Publicity Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2017 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved. × This post has been shared. Thank you! Send To Up To 5 Email Recipients* Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (5 recipients max.) Your Name* Your Email Address* Send email Cancel ×
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:30 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Travel Malindo Air first airline to operate Boeing 737 Max plane Tuesday March 21, 2017 06:22 PM GMT+8 ICYMI UK parliament attacker was born in Britain, May says Nearly three-quarters Malays clueless about Act 355, survey finds Hamilton wants to see more women, less ‘dudes’ in paddock The Edit: ‘Power Rangers’ yay or nay? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Malindo Air said it currently operated a jet fleet of all Boeing Next-Generation 737s and would take delivery of up to four Boeing 737 MAXs this year. — Picture via Facebook/ Malindo AirKUALA LUMPUR, March 21 — Malindo Air will be the first airline to operate the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in commercial service. In a statement today, Malindo Air said, it currently operated a jet fleet of all Boeing Next-Generation 737s and would take delivery of up to four Boeing 737 MAXs this year. Malindo Air Chief Executive Officer, Chandran Rama Muthy, said the airline was proud to be the world’s first carrier to fly passengers on this state-of-the-art innovation. “This new aircraft allows Malindo Air to go to further destinations at a distance of seven hours 30 minutes and help attract tourists to Malaysia. “As tourism is a key revenue generator for the country, this new aircraft will play a key role in providing lower fares on air travel,” he said. — Bernama                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Emirates to let travellers keep laptops, tablets until boarding Malindo Air announces fourth anniversary promotions Paris is most popular destination for first-time travellers Airbnb’s rivals in China hold hands in a nervous new market Netflix and Spotify get onboard Qantas Emirates to turn onboard bar and lounge into flying yacht Netflix and Spotify get onboard Qantas Malindo Air first airline to operate Boeing 737 Max plane Google Street Maps takes cameras into the bowels of the earth: Volcanoes Wisteria wonderland: Japan’s most beautiful garden blooms once a year Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Malindo Air announces fourth anniversary promotions Malindo Air tawar RM2,899 pergi balik ke Jeddah Malindo Air launches KL-Jeddah route Malindo Air expands network to Jeddah and Guangzhou Malindo Air launches four times weekly Kota Kinabalu-Taipei flights Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing, Ryanair Celebrate Delivery of Airline's 450th Next-Generation 737-800 Irish-low cost carrier is largest all-Boeing operator in Europe News provided by Boeing Mar 21, 2017, 05:05 ET Share this article DUBLIN, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Ryanair celebrated the delivery today of the airline's 450th Next-Generation 737-800. This significant milestone has been reached in less than two decades, with the Irish low-cost carrier taking an average delivery of 25 737-800s per year since 1999.   "Ryanair is proud to partner with Boeing and has operated an all-Boeing fleet since 1994, said Ryanair's Chief Operations Officer, Mick Hickey. Our current order of 737-800s and the 737-MAX 200 'Gamechanger' will allow us to grow our fleet to 585 aircraft and our passenger numbers to 200 million per annum by 2024, maintaining our position as Europe's largest, and greenest and cleanest airline." With more than 80 unfilled orders for Next-Generation 737-800s, Ryanair is also the launch customer for the 737 MAX 200, with 100 unfilled orders. The 737 MAX 200 can accommodate up to 200 seats, increasing revenue potential and providing airlines with up to 20 percent better fuel efficiency per seat than today's most efficient single-aisle airplanes. "Ryanair has consistently demonstrated the outstanding economic, reliability and safety capabilities of the Next-Generation 737-800, using this airplane as the foundation to become one of the biggest airlines in the world," said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "To deliver the 450th 737-800 is truly a significant milestone in both companies shared history and we look forward to supporting Ryanair on the next phase of its incredible journey with the introduction of the 737 MAX 200." Ryanair carried 119 million passengers last year with 1,800 daily flights to more than 200 destinations. The Dublin based carrier is the largest 737-800 customer in the world and the largest Boeing operator in Europe. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes International Communications +44 (0)20-8235-5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-ryanair-celebrate-delivery-of-airlines-450th-next-generation-737-800-300426791.html SOURCE Boeing Mar 13, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Boeing, CDB Aviation Lease Finance Announce Order for 30 737 MAX 8 airplanes My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 13, 2017, 11:00 ETBoeing, CDB Aviation Lease Finance Announce Order for 30 737 MAX... Mar 09, 2017, 08:00 ETBoeing 737 MAX 8 Earns FAA Certification Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Boeing, Ryanair Celebrate Delivery of Airline's 450th Next-Generation 737-800 News provided by Boeing Mar 21, 2017, 05:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,663 +1.67 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,819 -2.58 -0.04% S&P 500 2,349 +0.43 +0.02% 9:37 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops after profit outlook was below expectations 9:36 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Press Release Boeing, Ryanair Celebrate Delivery of Airline's 450th Next-Generation 737-800 By Published: Mar 21, 2017 5:05 a.m. ET Share Irish-low cost carrier is largest all-Boeing operator in Europe DUBLIN, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing BA, +0.07% and Ryanair celebrated the delivery today of the airline's 450 [th] Next-Generation 737-800. This significant milestone has been reached in less than two decades, with the Irish low-cost carrier taking an average delivery of 25 737-800s per year since 1999.   "Ryanair is proud to partner with Boeing and has operated an all-Boeing fleet since 1994, said Ryanair's Chief Operations Officer, Mick Hickey. Our current order of 737-800s and the 737-MAX 200 'Gamechanger' will allow us to grow our fleet to 585 aircraft and our passenger numbers to 200 million per annum by 2024, maintaining our position as Europe's largest, and greenest and cleanest airline." With more than 80 unfilled orders for Next-Generation 737-800s, Ryanair is also the launch customer for the 737 MAX 200, with 100 unfilled orders. The 737 MAX 200 can accommodate up to 200 seats, increasing revenue potential and providing airlines with up to 20 percent better fuel efficiency per seat than today's most efficient single-aisle airplanes. "Ryanair has consistently demonstrated the outstanding economic, reliability and safety capabilities of the Next-Generation 737-800, using this airplane as the foundation to become one of the biggest airlines in the world," said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "To deliver the 450 [th] 737-800 is truly a significant milestone in both companies shared history and we look forward to supporting Ryanair on the next phase of its incredible journey with the introduction of the 737 MAX 200." Ryanair carried 119 million passengers last year with 1,800 daily flights to more than 200 destinations. The Dublin based carrier is the largest 737-800 customer in the world and the largest Boeing operator in Europe. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes International Communications +44 (0)20-8235-5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-ryanair-celebrate-delivery-of-airlines-450th-next-generation-737-800-300426791.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References BA +0.13 +0.07% Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $177.11 +0.13 (+0.07%) Volume 26596 Open $177.15 High $177.36 Low $176.99 P/E Ratio 23.13 Div Yield 3.21 Market Cap 107.6B
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club Customer Service Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Special Reports Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Special Reports History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More Home News U.S. Once the queen of the skies, the 747 will soon be just a flying truck  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By SAMANTHA MASUNAG | Los Angeles Times (Tribune News Service) | Published: March 20, 2017 LOS ANGELES — The wide-bodied Boeing 747 was once known as the queen of the skies, an instantly recognizable behemoth revered for its luxury and spaciousness. As time passed, however, the original jumbo jet was outstripped by more efficient twin-engine planes. Now the 747’s days as a passenger plane are numbered. Delta and United — the last two U.S. airlines that fly 747s — have said they will retire those planes from their fleet by the end of the year, 48 years after the jet first took flight. Today, Boeing Co. produces just six 747s a year. The Chicago-based aerospace giant says it is eyeing the cargo market for new customers. The winding-down of 747 production is also a reminder of Southern California’s diminished role as a builder of big planes and their parts. The most prominent supplier in the region is a fuselage-panel plant in the Los Angeles-area city of Hawthorne that once employed thousands. Today, the factory has 300 employees. “The 747 was a fabulous airplane,” said Scott Hamilton, founder of aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. LLC. “But like any technology, it moves on.” At the time, the big jet represented a spectacular gamble for Boeing. Up until the 747’s debut, flying was a cramped — or more cramped — experience in narrow-body planes. When the plane rolled off an assembly line in the late 1960s, it was already larger and had longer range than later “airbus” aircraft, such as the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011. Aspiring 747 pilots were specially trained to taxi the large aircraft by riding in a mock-up of the plane’s flight deck boosted on three-story-tall stilts in a moving truck. Pilots maneuvered the “simulator” by radioing directions down to the truck driver. Boeing poured financial resources into the 747’s development, which almost bankrupted the company as cost overruns were exacerbated by a recession that broke just as the plane made its debut, said Suresh Kotha, professor of management at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. The company had to cut deals with suppliers to produce parts on their own dime. Production began while the massive Everett, Wash., assembly plant was still under construction; the plant’s construction alone cost $200 million, according to the book “Boeing 747: A History.” Expected orders disappeared, and airlines that did buy the plane opted to install lounges in the 747’s famous hump rather than fill the plane to its 400-seat capacity. American Airlines even placed a piano bar near the back of its planes. “It had unparalleled spaciousness,” Hamilton said. “The fliers of today are used to stepping on a 747 or 777 that has wide bodies. Back then, you’d step onto the airplane and go, ‘Wow.’” At the time, commercial aerospace was still a major industry in Southern California. Northrop Corp. won a Boeing subcontract to produce the plane’s fuselage panels in 1966. The company’s Hawthorne plant made the basic fuselage assemblies, while another facility in the coastal city of Ventura built the structure that connected the fuselage skin with the wing. Plants in Anaheim and Long Beach produced the plane’s flooring. In 1969, the Hawthorne plant employed 5,000 workers, as well as an additional 2,400 who were indirectly involved in 747 production. Lockheed and Douglas later ceded the commercial market to Boeing, and the region focused more on space and defense, said Peter Westwick, adjunct professor of history at USC and editor of the book “Blue Sky Metropolis: The Aerospace Century in Southern California.” “Northrop ended up being the one to keep building these commercial aircraft,” he said. “And Northrop is not usually seen as one of the main players.” In 2005, Boeing rival Airbus unveiled its own jumbo jet, the 555-seat A380. Boeing tried to counter the move by announcing plans for updated versions of the 747, but airlines weren’t interested in what they saw as an outdated plane. Boeing shifted its strategy and began promoting a future of more point-to-point travel to smaller airports, versus the old hub-and-spoke system that maximized huge planes, Kotha said. More important, technology shifted to favor more fuel-efficient jets. Lighter engines were developed using more titanium and capable of generating more thrust, with more reliable turbine blades. Twin-engine planes were eventually certified to fly over the ocean. Planes such as the Boeing 777 and 787, and Airbus A330 and 350, combined the perks of a wide body with greater fuel-efficiency. A typical 290-seat Boeing 787-9 would use about 18,400 gallons of fuel to fly from Los Angeles International Airport to London’s Heathrow Airport, according to an analysis from Leeham Co. A 405-seat 747-8 passenger plane making the same trip would use about 33,000 gallons. Now Airbus is facing a similar sales cliff with its massive A380. The company recorded no net orders last year and is working through a dwindling backlog of orders. (EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE) Boeing, meanwhile, is hoping to squeeze out some last years from the 747 as a cargo plane. In October, UPS ordered 14 new 747-8 cargo jets for its air shipping service, with an option to purchase an additional 14. Boeing spokeswoman Jessica Kowal said the UPS order indicates that customers still see value in the 747 for its carrying capacity and its hinged nose door for accommodating larger loads. “We continue building 747-8s, and there are no plans to discontinue that work,” she said in a statement. “While the previous economic downturn slowed the market, we are working with customers across the globe and expect activity to increase to match growth of the cargo market.” Analysts say the international air cargo market has grown, especially with the rise of e-commerce. But unless Boeing is able to secure additional orders beyond that of UPS, the plane could be out of production, Kotha said. Also encountering some turbulence is the 747’s most prestigious assignment — the heavily modified Air Force One plane that transports U.S. presidents. Boeing has initial contracts amounting to $170 million to develop a new version, based on the latest 747-8, but President Trump has challenged the jet’s price tag and the two sides have held discussions on possible cost savings. Over time, the vast 747 supplier base in California has shrunk. In 1993, there were about 320 suppliers in the state; today, there are only 118 factories in California that support the program. The plane’s fuselage panels are still produced in Hawthorne and transported via rail cars to Boeing’s facility in Washington. In 2000, Northrop Grumman sold its commercial aero-structures business, including the Hawthorne plant, to the Carlyle Group, a private investment firm. The plant was later purchased by Triumph Group. At the current production rate, Triumph will be under contract with Boeing through the end of the decade, Boeing said. The factory’s neighborhood reflects the shifting focus of Southern California’s reinvigorated aerospace industry. Elon Musk’s SpaceX has moved in along Jack Northrop Ave.; at one end of the block, the first rocket booster the company landed back on Earth towers over nearby buildings. Large tubes for the SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition run along most of the street. Triumph’s buildings are largely hidden behind a black fence, with the company’s name and logo on a few modest signs. “Any future depends on whether UPS exercises options for … another 14 (planes),” Hamilton said. “But basically once Air Force One is delivered, and once UPS is delivered, there’s really no future left for the 747.” ——— A brief history of the original jumbo jet 1966: Pan American places the first order for Boeing’s 747. The airline orders 25 planes. 1966: Northrop Corp. announces it was selected to build the fuselage of the 747 in Southern California. 1970: The Boeing 747 enters commercial service, taking passengers from New York to London on Pan American. 1974: NASA acquires a 747 jetliner from American Airlines and converts it into the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft to carry the space shuttle back and forth across the country. 1990: Two 747-200s are modified to serve as Air Force One, replacing the Boeing VC-137s that had served as the presidential aircraft for almost 30 years. 2006: A modified 747-400 freighter debuts as the platform for the U.S. Air Force’s Airborne Laser Program, which was intended to destroy ballistic missiles with a laser mounted in the plane’s nose. The plane is later designated YAL-1 but is eventually cancelled. 2007: Airbus’ jumbo jet, the A380, enters service. The double-deck plane seats 555 people. 2014: Boeing delivers its 1,500th 747. 2015: Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic says it will use a modified version of a 747 nicknamed Cosmic Girl to serve as the carrier aircraft for its satellite-launching rocket, LauncherOne. ——— ©2017 Los Angeles Times Visit the Los Angeles Times at www.latimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. A Boeing 747 aircraft, used as an Air Force E-4B National Airborne Operations Center, turns to align itself for takeoff Aug. 27, 2015, at Offutt Air Force Base, Neb. JOSH PLUEGER/U.S. AIR FORCE article continues below  related articles Trump nominates Boeing executive to be Pentagon's second-in-command Air Force: Full costs on Air Force One not yet known Boeing jumbo-jet era ending in US as United retires 747 fleet  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news While Trump promotes military buildup, some look at another round of base closings US military likely to send as many as 1,000 more ground troops into Syria, officials say Womack Army Medical Center to look back on tragedy that killed 24 soldiers, injured 170 Second soldier charged in Fort Stewart murders Trump's inability to fill key positions makes America weak Trump earned $153M and paid $36.5M in taxes in 2005 news videos editors' picks Brussels bombing survivor works to get her Air Force goal back on track DOD denies it tried to shelve study that found $125 billion in waste Chinese missile-test sites appear to mirror US bases in Japan trending read commented DOD denies it tried to shelve study that found $125 billion in waste Report: Airman AWOL for 45 years was nabbed during morning walk Attorney: Rape accuser was jealous of Navy SEAL's wife The weird, wonderful world of Torment: Tides of Numenera Chinese missile-test sites appear to mirror US bases in Japan stripes rewards Europe survey Stripes Book Club follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes Rewards Customer Service Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 March 2017 by Military News Sustainability Communications Professionals Invited to 3BL Media ‘Best Practices’ Webcast Featuring Team Behind Boeing’s 2016 Environmental Report, March 30 at 11 a.m. ET NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 09 /CSRwire/ – The team who wrote and published Boeing’s 2016 environmental report will join 3BL Media for the next “Best Practices” webinar to share their formula for using multimedia and storytelling to convey the aerospace giant’s sustainability progress with audiences around the world.   “Beyond the Data: Sustainability Reporting Through Storytelling and Multimedia” is scheduled for 11 a.m. ET on March 30. There is no cost to attend, and the content is appropriate for CSR and sustainability professionals, and the communications executives who support them. REGISTER HERE Boeing, hailed by the the Carbon Disclosure Project as one of the world’s leading companies in reporting climate-change risks, recently published “Build Something Cleaner,” a 60-page environmental report that is a sharp departure from traditionally text-heavy corporate missives.   “Relying on 50 photographs, six videos and impactful infographics, Boeing’s environmental communications team has cracked the code on storytelling that connects with employees and customers just as effectively as investors and policymakers,” said Dave Armon, chief marketing officer at 3BL Media, who will act as moderator for the webcast. “We look forward to hearing how Boeing crafted its sustainability communications strategy and the resources used to publish and distribute the content for maximum engagement.” Two Boeing executives responsible for Environment, Health & Safety communications, Stephanie Miller and Mary Hanson, will join Armon for a discussion around the $96 billion company’s process for producing dynamic content that tells a holistic story including design and development, manufacturing and operations, and responsible retirement and recycling of equipment no longer in service. Innovations, like the cultivation of salt water plants to make renewable jet fuel, will also be included in the presentation. “In 2011, fewer than 20 percent of S&P 500 companies produced sustainability reports. That total jumped to 89 percent last year,” said Armon, citing Governance & Accountability Institute research. “Interest in sustainability is only going to grow, so communications professionals owe it to themselves to learn from experts the best practices for making this content easy to consume and share.” About Boeing Since July 15, 1916, Boeing has been making the impossible, possible. From producing a single canvas-and-wood airplane to transforming how we fly over oceans and into the stars, The Boeing Company has become the world’s largest aerospace company. About 3BL Media Based in Northampton, Massachusetts, 3BL Media is a corporate communications platform exclusively for the distribution of corporate social responsibility and sustainability news and content. Founded in 2009, the company works with corporations and non-profits to distribute multi-format media assets through social, traditional and new media channels. 3BL Media has grown organically and through acquisition, operating a network of focused, authoritative sites including 3blmedia.com, justmeans.com, csrwire.com, socialearth.org, ethicalperformance.com and reportalert.com. Content issued by 3BL Media clients also appears on hundreds of thousands of Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters terminals. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Environment, Health, jet, officer, service, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Holland America Line’s ms Eurodam Makes Industry History with 11th Consecutive Score of 100 on United States Public Health Inspection Next PostNext Publication of the 2016 Nestlé in Society Creating Shared Value and Meeting Our Commitments Report Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Report: South Carolina workers not affected by Boeing layoff Dan Catchpole Tue Mar 21st, 2017 11:17am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Workers at Boeing’s plant in North Charleston, South Carolina, have not been affected by the layoffs announced Friday by the aerospace giant, reports the Charleston Post & Courier’s David Wren. The company has cut its South Carolina employees by about 8.4 percent since a high point last year. It now employs about 7,570 people in the Palmetto State. Boeing is offering buyouts to South Carolina workers, however. At least 1,800 workers in Puget Sound took buyouts earlier this year. The company offered a new round of buyouts to some employees on Thursday. More layoffs are expected next month, according to union officials. Want to learn more? Check out my latest story on the layoffs and buyouts. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing plans to lay off 170 workers in region; offers buyouts Dan Catchpole Tue Mar 21st, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. announced more layoffs and a new round of buyouts late last week for workers around Puget Sound. The company continues to trim its workforce as it cuts costs to make up for market pressures and to make good on promises to boost profits and payouts for shareholders. At least 170 people received layoff notices Friday — 111 members of the Machinists union and 62 white-collar workers represented by the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA). It is not clear how many non-union workers were laid off. Boeing is following through on the plan outlined to employees in December, Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Paul Bergman said. “In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements.” Cutting labor costs includes managers and executives, and involves layoffs, buyouts, attrition and leaving open positions empty, he said. On Thursday, the company offered buyouts to some white-collar workers, including many SPEEA members in Washington and Oregon. “Our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition this year will determine any additional need for voluntary or involuntary layoffs,” the announcement to workers said. The planned last day for workers taking the deal is June 23. Boeing executives have indicated they aim to cut jobs this year at about the same rate as 2016, when the company reduced its workforce by 8.5 percent. The company’s commercial airplane division was cut by about 5 percent. At the end of February, Boeing had 147,683 workers. About half work at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, and 71,036 are in Washington. Today, SPEEA represents about 18,650 Boeing workers, most in Puget Sound. That is about 500 fewer members than it had at the start of the year. Since early 2016, it has lost about 1,700 members. In late January, 167 SPEEA members were laid off by Boeing Commercial Airplanes, and 34 were let go by Boeing Defense, Space and Security. About 300 more took buyouts offered to union members that month. Another 1,500 Machinists union members took the buyouts. The company will not say how many non-union employees took the buyout. “We’ve been told that no one who’s asked for a voluntary layoff has been turned down,” SPEEA spokesman Bill Dugovich said. More layoffs are expected in late April, he said. A spokeswoman with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District Lodge 751, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers, said the company has not said whether more job cuts are coming or when. However, workers at Boeing Defense, Space and Security’s helicopter plant near Philadelphia are expecting layoff notices in April, an official with United Aerospace Workers Local 1069 told the Philadelphia Inquirer on Friday. The union represents about 1,370 of 4,500 workers at Boeing’s Ridley Park plant, where it assembles powerful twin-rotor Chinooks and V-22 Ospreys. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS Weather Traffic Sports Radio Ways to Listen Podcasts On-Demand Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle AM 770 KTTH Mobile Apps KIRO Radio App 710 ESPN Seattle App Promotions Contests and Events Voices KIRO Radio Dave Ross Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney MyNorthwest MyNorthwest Blog News Local News National News Politics Chokepoints Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Features Tools Weather Traffic Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Latest News Chokepoints Say sayonara to long delays at Mukilteo ferry terminal Seattle Mariners Mariners' Marc Rzepczynski looking to be more than a lefty specialist Local News Seattle has 'culture block' when it comes to the homeless crisis Local News Former Teatro Zinzanni site is a sign of things to come for Uptown Brent Stecker Video: Jean Segura homers in 2nd game back with Mariners UW Mike Hopkins heads out on his own as new Huskies basketball coach Local News Would you house a homeless family in your backyard? Local News Why Seattle has so many potholes this season Local News Can Seattle really stomach more taxes? Danny Dave and Moore 'New Contract Luke’: Willson talks his return to Seahawks after look at volatile world of free agency Seattle Mariners Mariners notebook: Shawn O'Malley back in camp after appendectomy Jason and Burns Rantz: Be very suspicious of Sammamish 'hate' incident Local News 1 dies, 1 recovers from hantavirus in King County Dave Ross Does this politician even know who he's dealing with? Seattle Seahawks Report: Seahawks to sign S Bradley McDougald to 1-year deal Local News Ornate hidden past of Seattle Center's ‘orphan’ arena quietly being demolished John Clayton Clayton: Marshawn Lynch has everyone guessing, but NFL return wouldn't be easy for Beast Mode Local News What it takes to become a C-level tech exec in Seattle Local News Home moving 'ramping up' around Seattle Local News Do arguments against the Burke-Gilman Trail gap hold up? Seattle Mariners Mariners notebook: Shawn O'Malley sidelined by appendicitis Local News Starbucks baristas want equal family leave as corporate Seattle Mariners Notebook: Mariners give Puerto Rico permission to use closer Edwin Diaz in WBC final Local News King, Snohomish counties at odds with feds over immigration Local News Seattle's First Hill streetcar slower, but is it safe? Ron and Don Babies of Homelessness: The mission to help kids in Seattle Local News 'It's ridiculous': Heartbroken family members plead for tougher DUI laws Brock and Salk Should the Seahawks trade Richard Sherman for the right offer? 53 percent say yes in poll Local News Problem with growing Tacoma homeless camp goes beyond trash Local News King County council member skeptical about new arts tax plan   Home Local News Sports Traffic Weather LIVE Radio Podcasts Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason Rantz Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach KIRO Radio 97.3 FM Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule 710 ESPN Seattle Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule AM 770 KTTH Listen LIVE Podcasts On-Air Schedule Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Local News Boeing stays true to its plan, lays off Everett workers By MyNorthwest.com, Staff report   | March 21, 2017 @ 9:19 am More than 150 people at Boeing's Everett plant received layoff notices March 17. (Brad Nettles/The Post and Courier via AP, File) Comments Share Tweet Share Share The Boeing Co. said it plans to trim its workforce this year by a similar amount as last year. Now it looks like those plans are coming true. Related: Boeing senior VP nominated for role at Pentagon At least 170 Boeing workers in the Puget Sound area received layoff notices on March 17. The bulk of them went to machinists, with more than 60 going to engineering workers, the Daily Herald reports. It’s not clear how many went to non-union workers. The company also offered buyouts to several white-collar workers, including several in Washington and Oregon. Reducing labor costs will also include leaving open positions vacant, the Herald reports. The cuts come as the company tries to stay competitive by cutting costs. In February, aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia told KIRO Radio’s Chris Sullivan that the economic drivers that were pushing the industry over the last decade are disappearing. There isn’t a large market for what Boeing is offering — at least when it comes to the twin-engine market. “Some of the real catalysts we’ve enjoyed for growth are going away,” he said. “But I really don’t see any downward pressure. The number one thing to remember is the spine of this thing is people flying and traffic growth numbers are still quite positive.” Aboulafia said Boeing will have to rely on its smaller, more popular planes like the 737 for the next few years. Late in 2016, Boeing announced it was lowering production and staffing levels in Everett in response to lower-than-expected demand for its 777 jets. The news was announced shortly before the company announced it was halting its staggered work schedule for Everett employees. If the cuts this year are similar to last year’s, employees can expect a reduction in its workforce by about 8.5 percent. Exactly how many of those cuts will be from pink slips will be determined by the number of people who leave through voluntary attrition. Comments Share Tweet Share Share Most Popular Rantz: Be very suspicious of Sammamish 'hate' incident Would you house a homeless family in your backyard? Can Seattle really stomach more taxes? More Seattle has 'culture block' when it comes to the homeless crisis Former Teatro Zinzanni site is a sign of things to come for Uptown Would you house a homeless family in your backyard? Why Seattle has so many potholes this season Can Seattle really stomach more taxes? About the Author MyNorthwest.com The team that brings you MyNorthwest.com Top Stories Former Teatro Zinzanni site is a sign of things to come for Uptown Seattle has 'culture block' when it comes to the homeless crisis Nominate a military member for special Mariners recognition Sponsored Articles Cooking with spirits: Spicy and sweet chicken thighs & bloody mary soup Health science research improves lives and creates jobs 5 reasons to visit Leavenworth this Spring Comments Comment guidelines: No name-calling, personal attacks, profanity, or insults. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate comments by reporting abuse. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Latest News Chokepoints Say sayonara to long delays at Mukilteo ferry terminal Seattle Mariners Mariners' Marc Rzepczynski looking to be more than a lefty specialist Local News Seattle has 'culture block' when it comes to the homeless crisis Local News Former Teatro Zinzanni site is a sign of things to come for Uptown Brent Stecker Video: Jean Segura homers in 2nd game back with Mariners UW Mike Hopkins heads out on his own as new Huskies basketball coach Local News Would you house a homeless family in your backyard? Local News Why Seattle has so many potholes this season Local News Can Seattle really stomach more taxes? Danny Dave and Moore 'New Contract Luke’: Willson talks his return to Seahawks after look at volatile world of free agency Seattle Mariners Mariners notebook: Shawn O'Malley back in camp after appendectomy Jason and Burns Rantz: Be very suspicious of Sammamish 'hate' incident Local News 1 dies, 1 recovers from hantavirus in King County Dave Ross Does this politician even know who he's dealing with? Seattle Seahawks Report: Seahawks to sign S Bradley McDougald to 1-year deal Local News Ornate hidden past of Seattle Center's ‘orphan’ arena quietly being demolished John Clayton Clayton: Marshawn Lynch has everyone guessing, but NFL return wouldn't be easy for Beast Mode Local News What it takes to become a C-level tech exec in Seattle Local News Home moving 'ramping up' around Seattle Local News Do arguments against the Burke-Gilman Trail gap hold up? Seattle Mariners Mariners notebook: Shawn O'Malley sidelined by appendicitis Local News Starbucks baristas want equal family leave as corporate Seattle Mariners Notebook: Mariners give Puerto Rico permission to use closer Edwin Diaz in WBC final Local News King, Snohomish counties at odds with feds over immigration Local News Seattle's First Hill streetcar slower, but is it safe? Ron and Don Babies of Homelessness: The mission to help kids in Seattle Local News 'It's ridiculous': Heartbroken family members plead for tougher DUI laws Brock and Salk Should the Seahawks trade Richard Sherman for the right offer? 53 percent say yes in poll Local News Problem with growing Tacoma homeless camp goes beyond trash Local News King County council member skeptical about new arts tax plan Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Real Estate Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Madrona adds two to team March 20, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Madrona Venture Group has hired Maria Karaivanova as a principal and Alice Ryder as director of investor relations and business development. Previously, Karaivanova worked at Cloudflare where she served as head of business development while Ryder was vice president of investor relations at King Digital Entertainment. PRESS RELEASE SEATTLE, WA – March 20, 2017 – Madrona Venture Group, an early-stage venture capital firm, announced today two new additions to the team. Maria Karaivanova is joining Madrona as a Principal focused on sourcing and evaluating new investment opportunities, working with portfolio companies to explore and evaluate business strategies and developing investment themes for the firm. Alice Ryder is joining as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development and will work with Madrona’s investors, as well as continue to develop Madrona’s program for connecting C-level executives with portfolio companies for partnerships, customer relationships and advisory roles. Each brings a deep background of business, technology and finance experience to the firm, and has helped rapidly scale very successful businesses like Cloudflare, King Digital and Clearwire. “Both Maria and Alice embody what we look for at Madrona, experts in their field who have a passion for working effectively with entrepreneurs and innovative ideas,” said Tim Porter, managing director, Madrona. “While they have been on board just a short time, each of them has already made meaningful contributions, and we are looking forward to working together in the coming years.” Maria has nearly a decade of deep technology experience, garnered through roles at some of the world’s leading technology companies, including Cloudflare, Intel and Boeing. Maria comes to Madrona after five years as head of business development and an executive team member at Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based web performance and security company, where she helped build the company from 25 employees to unicorn status. While at Cloudflare, Maria built a global ecosystem of over five thousand partners and launched strategic partnerships with Google, Rackspace and other leading cloud platforms, delivering significant revenue and distribution. Prior to Cloudflare, Maria was an investor at Intel Capital with a focus on enterprise technologies and cloud security. She was also part of the Intel-McAfee strategic engagement team helping to integrate security into firmware. Before that, Maria held various positions at Boeing specializing in intellectual property management and international business development for the Chinook, Apache and F-15 programs, and unmanned aircraft. She started her career as an analyst at Citibank. “Seattle has emerged as the cloud capital of the world and Madrona Venture Group is at the core of its innovation fabric,” commented Maria. “I couldn’t be more excited to work alongside the Madrona team to bring innovative ideas to life across the Pacific Northwest and to support the remarkable entrepreneurs across our portfolio.” Maria has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BSBA in Finance with high honors from Saint Louis University. She is a frequent speaker at technology conferences and an occasional angel investor. Maria lives in Seattle with her husband and son. As Director of Investor Relations, Alice Ryder will work with Madrona’s limited partners who have invested nearly $1.3 billion into funds that are more than 85% invested in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, she will help foster business development by continuing to build out the C-suite program that connects CIOs, CTOs and CEOs with Madrona portfolio companies. Through this program over the past two years, portfolio companies have engaged new customers and made valuable partnerships with national brand name companies. Alice comes to this role with a strong background in finance and partnerships, built over 10 years in companies representing a diverse set of businesses in the technology industry. Alice was most recently VP of Investor Relations at King Digital Entertainment, the maker of Candy Crush and other successful mobile games, where she helped ready the company for its IPO and worked closely with King’s global investor base through its public life, which culminated in a $5.9 billion sale to Activision Blizzard. Prior to King she was VP of Investor Relations for Clearwire. She has also held similar roles at Expedia and Nextel Partners. Alice began her work in technology investing as a banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. “I’m excited to dive into the world of venture investing which is so important to the continuing growth of the technology industry,” said Alice. “The Pacific NW is full of engineering, entrepreneurial and business talent from wireless to software to infrastructure, and Madrona is at the center of it all. I’m looking forward to working with the team to help create new opportunities for growth in the area.” Alice holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. About Madrona Venture Group Madrona (www.madrona.com) has been investing in early-stage technology companies in the Pacific Northwest since 1995 and has been privileged to play a role in some of the region’s most successful technology ventures. The firm invests predominately in seed and Series A rounds across the information technology spectrum, including consumer Internet, commercial software and services, digital media and advertising, networking and cloud computing, and mobile. Madrona manages approximately $1 billion and was an early investor in companies such as Amazon.com, Apptio, Rover.com, and Redfin. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, BBH Capital, Morgan Stanley are hiring by Eamon Murphy Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital, say sources: Reuters by Reuters News B Capital hires five and promotes one by Iris Dorbian CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Flow raises $13 mln from Bain Capital Ventures by Luisa Beltran Platinum Equity to acquire Staples’ Australia and New Zealand business by Iris Dorbian Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 23 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing delivers 450th 737-800 to Ryanair By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 21, 2017 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has delivered the 450th next-generation 737-800 to Irish low cost carrier Ryanair, the company said. This significant milestone has been reached in less than two decades, with Ryanair taking an average delivery of 25 737-800s per year since 1999. With more than 80 unfilled orders for next-generation 737-800s, Ryanair is also the launch customer for the 737 MAX 200, with 100 unfilled orders. The 737 MAX 200 can accommodate up to 200 seats, increasing revenue potential and providing airlines with up to 20 percent better fuel efficiency per seat than today´s most efficient single-aisle airplanes. Ryanair carried 119 million passengers last year with 1,800 daily flights to more than 200 destinations. The Dublin based carrier is the largest 737-800 customer in the world and the largest Boeing operator in Europe. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Related posts FedEx Express to begin Liege-Memphis flight March 22, 2017 FedEx Express (FedEx) will begin operating a new flight linking TNT´s European air hub in... FCM Travel Solutions partners with AirPlus International in the US business travel market March 22, 2017 AirPlus International Inc. and FCM Travel Solutions have formed a partnership in the United States... Flexjet marketing team wins 5 Cleveland ADDY awards March 22, 2017 Flexjet LLC has received five 2016 American Advertising (ADDY) Awards at the American Advertising Federation... Burnham Sterling supports financing for Avianca Holdings March 22, 2017 Burnham Sterling & Co. LLC , a financial advisory firm specializing in transportation assets, has... Orbit Communications' 3D Audio boosts pilots' awareness, reduces workload, increases flight safety March 22, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI) has announced that 3D Audio is now being offered... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « ARI acquires UAM Code 3 Emergency Partners to open urgent care facility at McCarran airport » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Toggle navigation Crosscut.com Politics State Local Government Environment National Transportation Education Social Justice Public Safety Urban Planning Non Profits Crime Culture Arts Heritage Media Sports Food Books Faith Design Mossback Tech & Biz Enterprise Aerospace Civic Tech Internet Startups Medicine Green Tech Bio Tech Small Business About Events Search for: Sign Up Donate Search Crosscut: Submit Signup for Crosscut Updates Sign Up Donate to Crosscut: Submit Support Crosscut General Tuesday 21, March 2017 Seattle: launchpad of the modern Space Age? by Knute Berger What do you see? Credit: Mr,W5er 3nee/Flickr Boeing put Seattle on the map as an aerospace place, but a new generation of local companies is trying to take us into space, including Paul Allen’s Seattle-based Vulcan Aerospace, which is building the world’s largest plane — the Stratolaunch — which can boost satellites into orbit from the air. And there’s Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin in Kent, devoted to making space readily available to the private sector. Planetary Resources in Redmond is laying ambitious plans to mine the solar system’s asteroids. These and other companies caused the New York Times to wonder if Seattle is becoming the “Silicon Valley of Space Start-ups.” These ventures are impressive, all rooted in technology and software, and backed by entrepreneurs who have billions of dollars with which to place interplanetary bets. But this year will mark an event from another realm that could be argued to have truly launched the Space Age here. An event made up of mystery, mass hysteria and the Northwest’s penchant for … weirdness. One June 24, 1947 — 70 years ago this year — an experienced pilot and fire-suppression equipment salesman named Kenneth Arnold was flying near Mount Rainier while headed for Yakima. Not far beyond the community of Mineral, he saw a bright flash; looking north along the Cascades Range, he saw a formation of what he later described as shiny objects zipping along the mountains faster than any known aircraft — each “like a saucer if you skip it across the water,” he said. They came from the direction of Mount Baker and sped by Mount Rainier — he could see them dodge behind a crag, seeming to follow the contours of the land. When he later stopped in Pendleton, Oregon, and told his story to the press, the term “flying saucer” was born, and Arnold’s sighting made headlines around the world. Suddenly, people were seeing flying saucers everywhere — in Portland, Seattle, Boise. It set off what the National Military Establishment (soon to be renamed the U.S. Defense Department) called “a veritable celestial chain reaction.” From that day on, flying saucers and UFOs were part of mass culture. And while people explained them away — they were experimental military aircraft, weather phenomena, balloons, hallucinations, swamp gas — the sightings proliferated. The military investigated and denied its involvement. So, what were these objects? Quickly people speculated they were alien spacecraft operated by a superior civilization — or at least, little green men. A number of key things quickly happened. In July 1947, a couple of weeks after Arnold’s sightings, a saucer was reported to have been “captured” near Roswell, New Mexico. Rumors grew that the alien crew and technology had been recovered. Also that summer was the so-called Maury Island incident, in which two Tacoma men claimed that half a dozen doughnut-shaped saucers flew over Puget Sound and dumped metal debris that killed their dog. The men who reported it soon recanted and swore it was a hoax, but only after they were supposedly visited by a man wearing a black suit who warned them to keep quiet. It is apparently the first appearance of the now legendary “men in black” meme. Martin L. Shough, a UFO researcher, has said that Arnold’s sighting is in “a unique position of pre-eminence in both the history and the semiotics of saucerdom.” James Randi, a skeptical debunker of the UFO and other paranormal phenomena, has grumped that Arnold “started the UFO craze, which has generated millions of words of fantasy fiction and is still very much with us, like the common cold.” It is astonishing how much of the symbolism of the Mount Rainier incident flows into science fiction, popular culture and technological innovation. One sign of influence is our own Space Needle, which was designed to look like a flying saucer hovering within sight of Rainier. As I learned researching the Needle’s history, chief architect John Graham exhorted his designers to make the top “flatter, more like a flying saucer … more disky.” The fact that a flying saucer was the symbol of Seattle’s 1962 Space Age fair was no accident. Why would a flying saucer represent our future? Because if aliens were flying them to visit Earth, those flights reflected an advanced — and real — technology we could aspire to. As our infant efforts to get into space proved — undertaken precisely at the time the Needle was being built — we had the potential to reach the stars just as advanced civilizations were now reaching us. There’s been much speculation about why the saucer craze took off. Post-WWII technologies that had been secret were being introduced, such as atomic weapons and advanced rocket science. The Cold War generated paranoia and anxiety. Some have theorized that our fear and fascination with UFOs reflected worries about the alienation of living in a high-tech world. In the late 1950s, the psychoanalyst C.G. Jung speculated that “in the threatening situation of the world today, when people are beginning to see that everything is at stake, the projection-creating fantasy soars beyond the realm of earthly organizations and powers into the heavens, into interstellar space, where the rulers of human fate, the gods, once had their abode in the planets….” The element of mythology is also deep in the rain-soaked psychic and physical landscape of southwest Washington, a corner of the Northwest that has produced odd cultural phenomena. Native Americans spoke of Sasquatch roaming its deep forests — there’s even a law against hunting Bigfoot in Skamania County. New Age spiritualist JZ Knight in Yelm and the ancient entity she channels, Ramtha, have said that a civilization of lizard men live inside Mount Rainier. This region is where skyjacker D.B. Cooper vanished with his loot and skydived into legend. Flying saucers at Mount Rainier, they fit right in. The article originally appeared in the February issue of Seattle Magazine. Show comments + - Like this article? Help us write more like it. Donate Knute Berger Knute Berger is Mossback, Crosscut's chief Northwest native. He also writes the monthly Gray Matters column for Seattle magazine and is a weekly Friday guest on Weekday on KUOW-FM (94.9). His newest book is Pugetopolis: A Mossback Takes On Growth Addicts, Weather Wimps, and the Myth of Seattle Nice, published by Sasquatch Books. In 2011, he was named Writer-in-Residence at the Space Needle and is author of Space Needle, The Spirit of Seattle (2012), the official 50th anniversary history of the tower. You can e-mail him at knute.berger@crosscut.com or follow him on twitter @KnuteBerger. More Articles by Knute Berger Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Support Crosscut You May Also Like March 23, 2017 On Aurora Avenue: 'Radical hospitality' by Tess Riski General March 23, 2017 4 things to do in Seattle this weekend by Cambria Roth General March 22, 2017 Black Like Me: An artist explores the N-word through her work by Florangela Davila General March 22, 2017 Seattle not suing Trump...yet? by David Kroman General Support Crosscut Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Our Sponsors Our Sponsors Support Crosscut Crosscut.com Politics Culture Tech & Biz Events About Contact © 2017 Crosscut.com, All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Transformers Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Like Elon Musk, this entrepreneur is betting on Mars but his business model is more like Disney than SpaceX Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 12:47 PM ET SHARES "Mars is simply the next continent humans will settle," mused Bas Lansdorp, chief executive of Mars One, in an interview with CNBC on Monday. Lansdorp is one of a growing number of entrepreneurs aiming to send humans to Mars and create a human settlement on the red planet in the next few years but his company is very different from Elon Musk's SpaceX. Mars One is split into two companies; the not-for-profit Mars One Foundation and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange-listed Mars One Ventures, which you can buy shares in. It is not building its own rockets or equipment but instead contracting other companies like Lockheed Martin to make the technology needed. Lansdorp even said the firm has had talks with SpaceX about buying one of its rockets. If space travel is going to take off, then it seems suppliers like Airbus and Boeing might be better investments for investors. But Lansdorp said investors wanting a piece of Mars One are buying into a content company, not a technology firm. show chapters One way trip to Mars planned for 2032: Mars One CEO    Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 4:22 AM ET | 03:18 "Buying into Mars One, is buying into content, while buying into Boeing or Airbus is buying into technology. I think that throughout last 30 years, we see that content has become more valuable. High impact content like the Olympics, Formula 1 and big blockbuster movies are going up in value. That is exactly what Mars One is," Lansdorp said. "Content is one of the highest value commodities around at the moment." He is not wrong. Netflix said it planned to spend $6 billion on content this year, an increase from the year before. In a separate TV interview with CNBC on Monday, Lansdorp compared the content that Mars One will produce as being as successful as major films like Disney's "Frozen". The idea is to create shows that Mars One can sell. Firstly, Mars One will produce content around the selection of the four astronauts that will go to Mars in 2032 – the current scheduled year for the first manned mission. Lansdorp described this as "super interesting content" but admitted that the first programs are more about raising awareness around the brand and mission rather than making money. Will it take off? However, Mars One has had many critics since it was founded in 2011. Joseph Roche, an applicant to become an astronaut for the company, said the company had far fewer applications than the 200,000 it claimed. In 2015, he spoke out against the selection process and accused the company of selecting its top 10 candidates based on how much money they donated to the company. In a statement at the time, Lansdorp said the allegations were "not true" and maintained that there were 200,000 candidates. "This was really a nonsense story about Mars One, and anyone can check it. On our community platform you can find people who dropped out in the first round while they made significant contributions to Mars One. You can also find that 60 person of our current round 3 candidates have never contributed a single dollar to Mars One beyond the small application fee they paid. And that is fine: we select our candidates for their quality, not based on what they contribute," Lansdorp told CNBC in a follow-up email. Another setback came that same year when Mars One couldn't reach an agreement with Endemol, a production company behind reality TV show "Big Brother", to create a program around the astronaut selection and training process. And in 2014, a research paper by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology questioned the feasibility of Mars One's mission, suggesting that the first settlers would die within a few months. The research also cast doubt over the mission's $6 billion budget and said there would need to be significant improvements to landing technology. Bryan Versteeg | Mars One An outside view of conceptual Mars One habitats Lansdorp said that the mission can be done in that budget because there is no return trip to earth which would have added significant costs. It has so far raised about 6 million euros via its stock exchange listing. The CEO also admitted that landing technology does need to be "scaled up" to account for the Mars atmosphere, but current technologies being tested by the likes of SpaceX could be used. Lansdorp did say there were big challenges in developing new space suits to survive Mars however. The mission is also reliant on people leaving earth and never coming back. But Lansdorp compared it to previous human exploration endeavors. "It's comparable to the exploration of the earth, be it Europeans migrating to the U.S. on a one way boat ticket or maybe a better comparison is people in west of Africa settling across the world on all continents in 40,000 years," Lansdorp told CNBC. 'Change the world' The criticism has not stopped the entrepreneur's determination and believes that when people see how hard it is to live on Mars, which is the second most habitable place in our solar system, it will spur them to take care of earth more and hopefully inspire people into education. "It will change the world more than we can imagine right now. It will bring people on earth closer together, it will inspire people to pursue more education to start a new company, inspire kids to become astronauts again," Lansdorp said. "The most important thing is that by going to Mars, which is the second best place for humans to live in the solar system, by going to Mars and showing Earth how bad the second best planet is, will change the way humans look after this planet." Clarification: This article has been updated since first published following clarification from Mars One. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > BOC Aviation orders 13 more Boeing 737 MAX 8s BOC Aviation orders 13 more Boeing 737 MAX 8s Mar 21, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 BOC Aviation Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-March 20-24, 2017 Advertisement Singapore-headquartered lessor BOC Aviation has placed an order for 13 Boeing 737 MAX 8s. BOC Aviation managing director and CEO Robert Martin said the aircraft were selected for their lower operating costs and fuel efficiency. BOC will use the 737 MAX 8s to build its future delivery pipeline. Including this latest transaction, BOC Aviation has ordered a total of 331 Boeing aircraft, including 209 737NGs and 74 737 MAX 8s.                                                                                                                                                         This is the second recent aircraft order from BOC, which announced a deal for two more Airbus A320-200s on March 17. BOC Aviation has a portfolio of 483 aircraft (owned, managed and on order). As of Dec. 31, 2016, its customer base spanned 68 airlines in 32 countries. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Lessor SMBC Aviation Capital orders 70 Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Travel Service leases 16 more Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Travel Service finalizes order for five more Boeing 737 MAX 8s   SpiceJet orders more Boeing 737 MAX 8s   LOT Polish Airlines to lease up to 11 Boeing MAX 8s   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 13, 2017 Article Aireon satellite-based ADS-B goes live on Iridium NEXT satellite Space-based ADS-B provider Aireon has taken full control of its ADS-B receiver installed on an Iridium NEXT satellite, following the launch of the first 10 satellites in January this year....More Mar 10, 2017 Article Satcom study unveils higher than expected benefits for airlines A study released at the World ATM Congress in Madrid this week suggests that satellite communication (satcom) in the cockpit has saved airlines more than $3 billion over the last 15 years....More Mar 9, 2017 Article World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017 World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. LOGIN press enter to search Video 26°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 26°C Light Rain Rain until tomorrow morning, starting again tomorrow afternoon. Thu 26℃ - 31℃ Fri 26℃ - 32℃ Sat 27℃ - 32℃ Sun 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news Index politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY Index Youth OPINION Index ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL Index News Destinations VIDEO Index VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION Index TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS academia interview Academia Opinion Mysteries behind the big aircraft order Bachrul Hakim Airline business practitioner Jakarta | Tue, March 21, 2017 | 03:13 pm The suspect of a bribery case in the procurement of aircraft engines for national flag carrier Garuda Indonesia, businessman Soetikno Soedarjo talks to journalists after being questioned as a witness in the case for another suspect former Garuda CEO Emirsyah Satar on Tuesday, Feb. 28. (Antara/Reno Esnir) Topics aircraft Garuda-Indonesia bribery corruption-eradication-commission Rolls-Royce Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    The recent Rolls Royce engines bribery case implicating the former CEO of Garuda Indonesia Airline was shocking. The one that made this case more special than many other graft cases was its modus operandi, which was carried out across borders and between continents. But for those familiar with the way Garuda has been doing its business of late, this reminded them of other more interesting things. The time that this case took place was when Garuda bought a large number of aircraft in 2009, the biggest procurement in Garuda’s history. Garuda has formulated its mission and related strategic plans since 2007. Garuda even published a book titled From One Dollar to Billion Dollars Company, which showed how the airline’s strategic plans were focused on efforts to increase the company’s value by accumulating the company’s assets. Garuda had pre-estimated the company’s value, when the planned aircraft purchases would have been in the company’s inventory. Suppose one aircraft costs around US$200 million, by owning 50 planes Garuda’s assets would have reached US$10 billion. In 2009, Garuda ordered 50 Airbus aircraft including A330300/200, powered by Rolls Royce Trent 700 engines, and another 10 Boeing B777-300ER aircraft. The planes arrived one after another by 2012, which coincided with the time the market went sluggish. Garuda’s flights to/from Japan, Asia and Australia suffered losses and the frequency of many flights had to be reduced. Since the new planes kept arriving, they had to stay on the ground, whereas the old ones went on operating almost empty. So why did Garuda order so many aircraft? Didn’t it make a market study beforehand? In December 2014, when the signals of losses became more apparent, the CEO offered his resignation unexpectedly. According to speculation, he had just realized that his strategic plans that he had considered till then as solutions, were in fact only problems. At the beginning of 2015, the new management announced a loss of $371.9 million for the year 2014, indicating the poor performance of the previous management. This loss, as well as the Rolls Royce bribery case, and the excess in new aircraft were all the legacy received by the new management from the predecessor. At that time, Garuda had already received 29 new planes, namely 22 A330s and seven B777s, but the utilization rate was only six hours a day. Meanwhile, the remaining 31 planes were still waiting to be delivered. This resignation can be considered as the acknowledgment of the former management’s failure. In normal conditions, the new management was supposed to either evaluate or, if necessary to revise the old fleet plan policies. But what was done by the new management was the contrary, to play it safe and to go on with the old policies. In that year, Garuda was still planning to buy another 90 aircraft with an estimated value of $19.9 billion. Among those 90 aircraft, there were 30 Airbus XWB and 30 Boeing B787 Dreamliners, whose specifications were more or less the same as those of A330 and B777. With 29 planes in hand already considered a surplus, what would it do with 60 more aircraft? On the other hand, the impact of the overcapacity began to be felt. The new management tried to overcome these problems in various partial ways, which resulted in the following outcomes. As a regular/scheduled airline, Garuda was well known as an airline that rarely accepted charter requests. But since 2013 Garuda has accepted many charter requests, operating to/from China at very low prices. Did Garuda consider it better to keep the planes flying at discounted rates than leave them sitting idle in the hangars? Every year Garuda used to charter approximately 15 big aircraft from a third party, for efficiency reasons, to transport around 100,000 pilgrims to Mecca roundtrip in three months’ time. But from 2013 till now, most of the Garuda pilgrims were transported by Garuda’s own 10 aircraft, and only rest were flown by chartered ones. As the haj period lasted only three months, where on earth did these 10 Garuda planes fly during the remaining nine months of the year? The wide-body/long-range aircraft were deployed to operate short domestic routes. For example, the Airbus A330 operated Jakarta-Surakarta (an hour flight), or the Boeing B777 flew JakartaDenpasar (an hour 35 minutes). These aircraft were capable of flying for more than 10 hours, carrying 250 to 300 passengers, cruising a distance of more than 13,000 kilometers non-stop. So by operating the wrong planes on the wrong routes, Garuda took risks of paying excessive operational costs. First, these bigger aircraft paid higher handling costs. Second, higher fuel consumption. These aircraft consume fuel economically only if they fly longer distances at a fixed certain altitude. Third, these aircraft were designed to land after long flights. So the shorter the distance and the more frequently they land, the higher the cost for maintenance and repair of the respective landing gear. And last, the aircraft were only one-third occupied, or about 100 passengers, which represents the real potential of the respective local market. With simple logic we know that the only solution to solve the overcapacity problems is either to offload the excess aircraft or to find a suitable market where these aircraft can operate profitably. Neither option is easy to choose, especially when we consider the presence of these newly bought excess planes. The general impression we have so far is the propensity of the present management not to touch this sacred item. Why? Well, this is what we call mystery! --------------- We are looking for information, opinions, and in-depth analysis from experts or scholars in a variety of fields. We choose articles based on facts or opinions about general news, as well as quality analysis and commentary about Indonesia or international events. Send your piece to [email protected] For more information click here. Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the official stance of The Jakarta Post. Related News The Loner: Yudhoyono's squandered decade Second e-ID card hearing probes budgeting aspects SOE Ministry not sole decisionmaker in Garuda’s procurements: Minister You might also like : Automatic information exchange: The lessons Indonesia facing decreased macroeconomic volatility INSIGHT: In memoriam: Richard H. Solomon, peacemaker EDITORIAL: Wanted: Safety, fair fares most viewed most shared Saudi king and Indonesia's hypocrisy, opportunism Indonesia still struggles to close gender equality gap: UNDP Papua asks for 10 percent in Freeport divestment 5 barges destroy coral in Karimunjawa Korea to issue e-visas for Southeast Asians to tackle THAAD fallout Foreigners eager to revisit Jakarta Caledonian Sky destroyed more than 18,000 m2 of pristine Raja Ampat reefs, survey concludes Anti-cement plant rally goes on after farmer’s death Indonesia to produce more gardening tools to reduce imports Bekasi to verify data on 1,700 foreign workers follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories News KPK names Andi Narogong a suspect in e-ID graft case SE Asia Accused killer of Cambodian political pundit found guilty Life 1st trailer of Netflix’s ‘Death Note’ live action Travel Anime theme park to open on Awajishima island TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate sponsored Test teams use 737 MAX to put their stamp on the sky Boeing Tue Mar 21st, 2017 1:30am Marketplace You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MAX is on the map. Boeing Test & Evaluation teams got creative during a recent 737 MAX flight test, taking a route that drew “MAX” in the skies over Washington, Idaho and Montana. The letters are viewable using a flight-tracking website such as FlightAware. The effort was part of a flight test to check the range and efficiency of the 737 MAX, and the letters are viewable using a flight-tracking website. Flight Test engineer Andreas Weisweaver said it took coordination among the test team, flight dispatch, test pilots and air traffic control to plot the 37 waypoints — longitudinal and latitudinal coordinates — that would allow the team to spell “MAX” in the sky. “Demonstrating the airplane’s extended endurance capabilities requires a long flight, so we thought we’d make it interesting,” Weisweaver said. Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Non Lethal Weapons Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On - "Non Lethal Weapons Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022". Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- In this report, the global Non Lethal Weapons market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1015802-global-non-lethal-weapons-sales-market-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Global Non Lethal Weapons market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Non Lethal Weapons sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Taser International Non Lethal Technologies Textron Systems Boeing BAE Systems Raytheon Bazalt LRAD General Dynamics Mossberg Heckler And Koch Smith And Wesson Colt's Manufacturing Remington Arms Zarc International Penn Arms On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Gases And Sprays Explosives Directed Energy Weapons Electro Shock Weapons Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons for each application, including Law Enforcement Military Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1015802-global-non-lethal-weapons-sales-market-report-2017 Table Of Contents - Major Key Points Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales Market Report 2017 1 Non Lethal Weapons Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Non Lethal Weapons 1.2 Classification of Non Lethal Weapons by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Gases And Sprays 1.2.4 Explosives 1.2.5 Directed Energy Weapons 1.2.6 Electro Shock Weapons 1.2.7 Other 1.3 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Law Enforcement 1.3.3 Military 1.4 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Non Lethal Weapons Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Non Lethal Weapons (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Non Lethal Weapons (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Non Lethal Weapons Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Non Lethal Weapons Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Non Lethal Weapons (Volume) by Application ............ 9 Global Non Lethal Weapons Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Taser International 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Taser International Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Non Lethal Technologies 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Non Lethal Technologies Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Textron Systems 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Textron Systems Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Boeing 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Boeing Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 BAE Systems 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 BAE Systems Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Raytheon 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 Raytheon Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Bazalt 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Bazalt Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 LRAD 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 LRAD Non Lethal Weapons Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 General Dynamics 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Non Lethal Weapons Product Category, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B ...........CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1015802 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/non-lethal-weapons-market-by-manufacturerstypesregions-and-applications-research-report-forecast-to-2022/174567 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 174567 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS 9th Wideband Global SATCOM satellite expands military communications capabilities of US and Allies by Staff Writers Cape Canaveral FL (SPX) Mar 21, 2017 An artist rendering of a Boeing-built WGS block II satellite. Boeing's ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite is now in orbit where it will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand, and will also serve Australia (which funded the WGS-6 satellite). Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for U.S. and allied partners around the globe," said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing Department of Defense/Civil Satellite Programs. "WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today." WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and tenth WGS satellites include upgraded digital channelizers that nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. 45th SW supports successful Delta IV WGS-9 launch The U.S. Air Force's 45th Space Wing supported United Launch Alliance's successful launch of the WGS-9 spacecraft aboard a ULA Delta IV rocket from Space Launch Complex 37 here March 18, 2017, at 8:18 p.m. ET. The Air Force has been breaking barriers since 1947 and the successful WGS-9 launch marks an important occasion for the Wideband constellation as it is a major milestone in a 20-year multilateral partnership. In January 2012, the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand signed a multilateral Memorandum of Understanding with the United States, agreeing to fund the procurement of the ninth WGS satellite. The U.S. is responsible for funding the launch, operation and sustainment of WGS-9. International partners will receive a proportional share of the bandwidth provided by the WGS constellation based on financial contribution. The WGS constellation is the highest-capacity military communications system in the U.S. Department of Defense arsenal. WGS supports a wide variety of missions for Combatant Commanders around the world to perform missions, from search and rescue efforts to military operations. Air Force Space Command's Space and Missile Systems Center is the Air Force's center for acquiring and developing military space systems. The addition of WGS-9 to the constellation will increase speed, reliability, and effectiveness for the warfighter, which enables the U.S. and international partners to more efficiently coordinate on missions in the air, on land and by sea. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, 45th Space Wing commander and mission Launch Decision Authority, the fourth major launch operation on the Eastern Range this year, and second successful launch in just two and a half days, culminates many long hours and hard work by the entire mission team. "Thanks to the amazing commitment, focus on the mission, and teamwork the men and women of the 45th Space Wing share with our mission partners at SMC and ULA, we successfully launched the next satellite in the WGS constellation," he said. "This mission demonstrates the Air Force's commitment to deliver secure and reliable satellite communications around the globe to U.S. forces and our allies. It also once again showcases why the 45th Space Wing is the 'World's Premiere Gateway to Space.'" Aerojet Rocketdyne Supports ULA Launch of Wideband Global SATCOM Spacecraft for the U.S. Military Aerojet Rocketdyne played a major role in successfully launching and placing the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) spacecraft into orbit for the U.S. military. The mission was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket. Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion systems included the RS-68A booster engine, the RL10B-2 upper-stage engine, 14 helium pressurization tanks, and a 100 lbf bipropellant apogee-raising engine aboard the WGS-9 spacecraft. "The WGS satellites provide critical communication capabilities for our nation's warfighters," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "We are honored that our propulsion systems are called upon to place these critical payloads into orbit - payloads that will help protect our nation and allied forces." Aerojet Rocketdyne's role in the launch began when a single RS-68A engine ignited to boost the Delta IV off the pad, providing 702,000 pounds of lift-off thrust. The RS-68A is the world's most powerful liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine. The RS-68 family of engines has now flown 35 commercial and government missions with 100 percent mission success. After the upper stage separated from the launch vehicle, a single RL10B-2 upper-stage engine ignited to place the payload into orbit. The RL10B-2 delivers 24,750 pounds of thrust to power the Delta IV upper stage, using cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants. The RL10B-2 was developed from the RL10 family of upper-stage engines, which has accumulated one of the most impressive track records of accomplishments in the history of space propulsion. More than 475 RL10 engines have supported launches over the last 50 years, playing a vital role in placing military, government and commercial satellites into orbit, and powering scientific space probes on every interplanetary mission in our solar system. ARDE, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne based in New Jersey, manufactures the pressure vessels on the first and second stages of the launch vehicle. Once separated from the launch vehicle, WGS-9 will perform multiple burns on Aerojet Rocketdyne's High Performance Apogee Thruster (HiPAT) rocket engine to complete the orbit raising from Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit to its final geosynchronous orbital position. The HiPAT rocket engine has a 100 percent mission success track record spanning over 115 missions, including all WGS spacecraft. Tweet Delta IV rocket launches military communications satellite Cape Canaveral FL (UPI) Mar 19, 2017 A Delta IV rocket, carrying a $445 million U.S. military satellite, blasted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday after a 34-minute delay. The 22-story rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, took off at from Launch Complex 37 at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Saturday evening, powered by a thrust of 1.7 million pounds. The delay was due to a problem with ULA ground support equipment. ... read more Related Links WGS at Boeing Read the latest in Military Space Communications Technology at SpaceWar.com Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Trump, NASA and a rare consensus: mission to Mars Russia to Build First New-Generation 'Federation' Spacecraft by 2021 COBALT Flight Demonstrations Fuse Technologies to Gain Precision Landing Results NASA Selects New Research Teams to Further Solar System Research N.Korea rocket test shows 'meaningful progress': South SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth N. Korea's Kim hails engine test as 'new birth' for rocket industry Delayed European rocket launch to go ahead after strike Mars Volcano, Earth's Dinosaurs Went Extinct About the Same Time Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins Mars Rover Tests Driving, Drilling and Detecting Life in Chile's High Desert China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Russia probes murder of senior space official in jail The strangeness of slow dynamics How fullerite becomes harder than diamond Ecosystem For Near-Earth Space Control Why water splashes: New theory reveals secrets Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Visualizing debris disk "roller derby" to understand planetary system evolution Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in 911 briefs (March 22, 2017) Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 at 6:08 PM Mar 21, 2017 at 6:08 PM The Record Cyclist killed in hit-and-run identified STOCKTON — A bicyclist killed in a hit-and-run collision last week in southeast Stockton was identified as Afiba Sekou Woodard, 42, of Stockton, the San Joaquin County Coroner’s Office said. Woodard was riding a bicycle in the 3000 block of Boeing Way near the Highway 99 Frontage Road at 9:04 p.m. Friday when he was struck by a red big rig pulling a flatbed trailer, police said. The driver fled the scene. The truck driver was described as a Middle Eastern man between the ages of 25 and 32 years old, 5 feet 9 inches tall and 220 pounds with an unshaven beard, authorities said. He was last seen wearing a dark blue shirt, a reflective vest and denim shorts. The investigation into the collision is ongoing. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” Girl shot in back in drive-by STOCKTON — A 13-year-old girl was shot in the back during a drive-by shooting Monday night on the porch of a home in central Stockton, authorities said. The shooting occurred about 10:40 p.m. in the 200 block of North Airport Way between Channel Street and East Miner Avenue. The girl was on the front porch with family members when an occupant of a vehicle fired a single round toward the home, striking the girl once in the upper back, police said. A relative drove the girl to an area hospital, where she was treated for a non-life-threatening injury, authorities said. Police provided no motive and no description of the shooter. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” Man stabbed, does not cooperate STOCKTON — A man sustained serious injuries in a stabbing Monday night in south Stockton and then refused to cooperate with police. Officers responded to a report of a stabbing at 8:30 p.m. in the 600 block of South Eugenia Street, one block west of Stribley Park. They arrived to find the victim suffering from multiple stab wounds, authorities said. The victim was transported to a hospital, where he was listed in serious but stable condition, police reported. Officers said the victim refused to give them details about the stabbing. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register March-April 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Why Landing on a U.S. Aircraft Carrier Is About to Get Much Easier Dave Majumdar March 21, 2017 TweetShareShare Naval aviators from Carrier Air Wing Eight (CVW-8) are preparing to deploy onboard USS George H.W. Bush (CVN-77) with a revolutionary new type of software that makes landing on a carrier much easier. Dubbed Magic Carpet—for Maritime Augmented Guidance with Integrated Controls for Carrier Approach and Recovery Precision Enabling Technologies—by the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), the new system, which aviators call Precision Landing Modes (PLM), drastically reduces workloads in the cockpit during carrier approaches. “PLM is probably the biggest advancement to carrier aviation since the IFLOLS (improved Fresnel lens optical landing system) was installed,” Lt. Jaime ‘Eeyore’ Moreno, a landing signals officer (LSO) onboard Bush told the Pentagon’s Naval Aviation News service. Naval aviators flying Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets and EA-18G Growlers during Bush’s pre-deployment work-ups found that the PLM drastically improved landings onboard the giant carrier. Even night carrier traps—which are traditionally considered the single most demanding tasks faced by carrier aviators—are much easier with the PLM installed. “Flying at night on the first PLM would have been fine, although we started with day flights,” Lt. Zach Pleis, CVW-11 LSO, who had used the system onboard USS Nimitz (CVN-68) in November told Naval Aviation News. “I think it went better than our [Powered Approach Control Augmentation System] players because PLM pilots are developing habit patterns of flying a centered ball vice bumping it up.” Indeed, the Magic Carpet system has been so successful, that the Navy is deploying it before it has completed development. According to NAVAIR, Magic Carpet was first tested at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, and onboard Bush in April 2015. After the demonstration greatly exceeded expectations, NAVAIR made the decision to accelerate the program so that it would become operational before the original 2019 due date. “All results showed benefits in touchdown dispersion reduction of more than 50 percent when compared to current landing control techniques,” James Denham, a NAVAIR senior aeromechanics engineer told Naval Aviation News. The current Magic Carpet build does not have all of the redundant features that are envisioned for the final version. However, NAVAIR will use the early feedback from the initial Magic Carpet capability deployments to refine the software for the 2019 version. “Now we have the opportunity to incorporate desired enhancements for the final software release scheduled in fiscal 2019,” Denham said. Eventually, Magic Carpet will become a standard part of the F/A-18E/F and EA-18G flight control software. For naval aviators, it will mean a safer and easier aircraft to fly. For naval aviation as an enterprise, Magic Carpet will improve its overall effectiveness with much higher boarding rates, reduces tanker requirements and more tactical training time for aviators. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Why America Can't Win the War in Afghanistan America shouldn't send its troops overseas to participate in an unwinnable foreign war. Daniel L. Davis Trump's Statecraft To-Do List: Deter Duterte Can American statecraft sway Manila’s support for China? Richard Javad Heydarian The U.S. Army Can't Get Ambushed by the Future More money without new leadership won’t fix the Army. Douglas Macgregor Latest Issue March-April 2017 Prisoner of the Caucasus Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Why History Proves a War Between China and America Would Be a Total Disaster Is Russia Getting Ready to Build a Massive Nuclear-Powered Aircraft Carrier? Why No Nation Wants to Go to War Against America's Military in a Fair Fight How America Should Confront China's Unchecked Maritime Bullying The Shocking Way a War Between China and America Could Begin Why a War Between China and Japan Would Be Sheer Chaos How America's Military Would Kill Russia's Tanks in a War Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ד אדר תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Lockheed Targets $5 Billion in F-35 Savings after Trump Pressure Lockheed Targets $5 Billion in F-35 Savings after Trump Pressure Tuesday, March 21, 2017 at 6:21 pm | כ"ג אדר תשע"ז An F-16, below, escorts two F-35 jets, above, at Hill Air Force Base in Utah. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File) (Bloomberg) - Lockheed Martin Corp. is working with suppliers to squeeze $5 billion from the F-35 fighter jet’s costs as the company negotiates the Pentagon’s biggest order yet of a weapon that has been criticized by President Donald Trump. “President Trump and his administration have made clear they are focused on being smart buyers,” Lockheed Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson told reporters at a briefing Tuesday in Arlington, Virginia. The president “put a sharper focus on price.” Business has been anything but usual for Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, since Mr. Trump assumed office. The new president has followed through on his vows to seek higher military spending but also has used his social media bully pulpit to gain leverage in contract talks for the F-35, the priciest U.S. weapons system. Mr. Trump criticized the jet’s costs as “out of control” late last year and suggested an upgrade of Boeing’s Super Hornet as a possible replacement for at least some of the Navy models of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter — prompting a review by U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis. But later the president claimed credit for the $728 million in savings on a $8.2 billion contract for the latest batch of F-35 jets. In his first address to Congress, Mr. Trump praised the stealth fighter as a “fantastic” aircraft. While the president isn’t involved in talks under way for the 11th and largest production lot of the plane, his presence looms large, Lockheed Chief Financial Officer Bruce Tanner said in an interview. “I’d like to think that just creates momentum to get Lot 11 done quicker than we have in the past,” he said. “I don’t know that it changes the process, per se.” The Office of Management and Budget in the blueprint of Mr. Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget listed the purchase of additional F-35 Joint Strike Fighters that would enable the Air Force to “counter the growing number of complex threats” the U.S. faces. The final Obama administration budget planned to increase F-35 purchases in the next fiscal year to 70 from 63 this year. Then, the number would grow to 80 in fiscal 2019. There’s also a pending “block buy” of 450 aircraft in coming years as the Pentagon seeks a total fleet of 2,443, including 1,763 for the Air Force. By decade’s end, Lockheed has pledged to build the Air Force version of the plane for $85 million or less, Hewson said. “What Trump has said about the F-35 and his ….. language with Marillyn Hewson suggest the company has overcome the concerns Trump had about his biggest program,” Loren Thompson, an analyst with the Lexington Institute, said before Hewson’s remarks. The nonprofit has received funding from major defense contractors, including Lockheed. Lockheed will soon know if that’s the case. The Pentagon’s F-35 program manager, Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan, told a House panel last month that he was “in the throes of negotiating” the next order of 120 airplanes, the costs for which would be more than $10 billion. The fighter is Lockheed’s largest program, accounting for 23 percent of total sales. A Lockheed official told reporters Tuesday the 11th contract may be as high as a 130 aircraft. The highly sophisticated fighter, the first to be developed to serve the vastly different missions of the various military services, is finally approaching full-rate production, years late. The defense company has dealt with gremlins ranging from an engine fire to malfunctioning software. But during Hewson’s tenure, Lockheed has kept the Joint Strike Fighter essentially on schedule and close to budget after the Pentagon in 2010 executed the program’s largest reorganization. That added billions of dollars to the development phase and several years for completion, which could occur by mid-2018. Hewson, 63, has focused on improving Lockheed’s operations and repairing relations with the Pentagon since becoming CEO at the start of 2013. On her watch, the company’s share price almost tripled to $272.03 through the close of trading Monday. She was upbeat Tuesday about international markets, noting that 40 percent of new sales were generated by customers abroad last year. Overseas buyers will be responsible for more than half of F-35 sales over the next few years, she said. There, too, Hewson paid tribute to what she called the “Trump effect.” Members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are rethinking their plans because of the president’s demand that they spend more on defense, an effort that could mean another $100 billion in defense spending, she said. Despite the maelstrom that surrounded Mr.Trump’s interest in the F-35, Lockheed CFO Tanner expressed cautious optimism that the company can reach another deal this year and then move into an annual tempo of new contract agreements. And a chance phone call about the program initiated by Mr. Trump at which Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg was present hasn’t been a factor, Tanner said. “They are honorable people,” he said. “Everyone has come out afterwards and said there was nothing underhanded that took place, and I believe that.” Filed under: Donald Trump, Military Print Email Gmail Related Pentagon, Lockheed Near Deal On $9 Billion F-35 Contract Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Lockheed Shares Fall as Trump Writes F-35 Program Is ‘Costly’ Boeing CEO Sees “Near Term” Plane Deal After Trump Meeting Lockheed Martin Cutting 4,000 Jobs, Closing Plants More in Business Bank Leumi and Chinese Insurance Giant Ping An to Cooperate in Promoting Israeli High-Tech in China FOCUS: Currency Fallout Seen as Israel Closes in on Citi’s Bond Index One Day After Steep Stock-Market Drop, S&P and Nasdaq Rise as Investors Seek Bargains Existing-Home Sales Slowed in February After Surge in January Sears Has ‘Substantial Doubt’ About Its Future OP-ED The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh What the FDA Gets Wrong About E-Cigarettes The Intelligence Committee’s Hearing On Russia Won’t Satisfy Democrats Features Nichum Aveilim 24 Adar/March 22 This Day In History 24 Adar/March 22 Beware the Ice of March Sudoku – March 22, 2017 Get Moving The Odd Side – March 21, 2017 This Day In History 23 Adar/March 21 World of Wonder – March 21, 2017 Small Change Nichum Aveilim 23 Adar/March 21 Sudoku – March 21, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 21, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 20, 2017 Sudoku – March 20, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 34°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,817.92 +24.10 (+0.42%) S&P 500 2,348.68 +4.66 (+0.20%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9262 GBP 0.8008 ILS 3.6440 CHF 0.9918 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Pay $220k to visit global top spots by private jet As part of the itinerary, guests will get off the private jet and take a helicopter tour outside Hong Kong. AirCruises' first trip, created in partnership with Peninsula hotels, departs on Aug 31 and hits all 10 cities where the Asian hotelier has properties, from Los Angeles and Beijing to Paris.PHOTO: THE PENINSULA HOTELS Artists' concept of Crystal's exclusive class lie-flat seats. The company's custom-built Boeing 777 will have 84 such seats, compared with the jet's usual 350 seats.PHOTO: CRYSTAL AIR CRUISES Travellers on Crystal's jet will enjoy the use of a lounge and bar on board. The plane has a separate dining area with an on-board chef and a full wine cellar. PHOTO: CRYSTAL AIR CRUISES PublishedMar 22, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4763 Copy Hospitality industry players offering global vacations built around exclusive charters NEW YORK • So you want to see many of the world's greatest sights… in 29 days? Good news: For the first time ever, it is a realistic proposition. But there is a catch: You will have to do it on a private jet. And it will cost US$159,000 (S$222,260) per person. At least that is what Mr Edie Rodriguez, chief executive of Crystal Cruises, is proposing with its soon-to-launch AirCruises. RUBBING SHOULDERS It's not these people's first times in these global gateways so our goal is to make the trip interesting, not just by the things they do but also by the people they meet. MR ROBERT CHENG, Peninsula's group vice-president of marketing. Its first Around The World: Iconic Sights tour will stop in Easter Island, Uluru, Lhasa, Jaipur, Victoria Falls and Prague (among others) - between Oct 21 and Nov 18. Crystal is not alone. Luxury hotel companies from Peninsula hotels to Aman resorts and Four Seasons Hotels are getting in on private jet tours. The latter has partnered with global star chef Rene Redzepi for a US$135,000 culinary dream trip that spans much of Europe and Asia. So are safari outfitters such as Great Plains Conservation and AndBeyond, which is using private jets to link otherwise difficult to connect destinations, such as Kenya and Botswana. The safaris are from US$75,000 to US$116,500 per person. Top-notch operators Abercrombie & Kent and National Geographic are offering global vacations built around exclusive charters. And the list keeps growing. "Private jet travel inquiries have grown by at least four or five times in the last few years," said Mr Michael Holtz, a travel specialist at SmartFlyer who is an expert on complicated aviation matters. "But up until about three years ago, only one or two companies were offering private jet trips at all, and none of them was really marketing in a big way." And why should they? There is no sense in turning your company into a household name if almost all households cannot afford your product. That has started to change, though. Fractional ownership companies have put the Uber twist on the private jet industry, putting private aviation within reach for a far wider demographic. And luxury hotel companies - all vying for a brand image that ties them ever closer to ultra high net worth spending - swooped in to capitalise on a new market and a new world of opportunity. The first to tap the market was Four Seasons. "We began offering Private Jet trips aboard a third party vendor in 2012," president and CEO J. Allen Smith told Bloomberg. "The response was overwhelmingly positive but the missing piece for our guests was an end-to-end seamless Four Seasons experience." So he led the company to create a fully branded private jet - a 52-seat Boeing 757 - in 2015, along with a custom 24-day, nine-stop, US$119,000 debut itinerary. "It was a first for the hospitality industry and met with tremendous enthusiasm," said Mr Smith. "Every trip sold out that year." When Crystal launches AirCruises this autumn, it will catapult the private jet tourism business into a stratospheric new level of luxury. Whereas Four Seasons and other hotel companies largely lease their aircraft from outside vendors, Crystal's parent company, Genting Hong Kong, is buying two Boeing planes - a custom-built 777 and a 787 Dreamliner. The combined sticker price? US$545 million. Boeing 777s usually seat 350; this one will have just 84 lie-flat beds, a separate dining area with an on-board chef, a full wine cellar and the highest staff-to-guest ratio anywhere in the skies. Its first trip, created in partnership with Peninsula hotels, departs on Aug 31 and hits all 10 cities where the Asian hotelier has properties, from Los Angeles and Beijing to Paris. "We're extending the Peninsula experience into the actual jet," said Mr Robert Cheng, Peninsula's group vice-president of marketing. He described how general managers will join travellers on flights to their hotel's destination, offering their local expertise well ahead of check-in. Also part of the deal are special galas and events that put travellers in contact with local movers and shakers: gallery owners, designers, chefs and other people who "make a city tick on a global scale". Mr Cheng put it best: "It's not these people's first times in these global gateways so our goal is to make the trip interesting, not just by the things they do but also by the people they meet." BLOOMBERG A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on March 22, 2017, with the headline 'Pay $220k to visit global top spots by private jet'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  TOURISM AIRLINES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4763 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles suo_st-nr_300x200.jpg Connected city fringe living cc_a125543_2017mar08_300x200_article2.jpg 5 reasons to drive a hybrid car in Singapore Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Rehoming Your Preloved Items? Come To Qsquare market Now! Check Out Super Sales @ Qsquare Market Now! Road Safety Is #1 Important! Get Car Camera Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor How Profit Accelerators Grew John Carter’s Account by 98% in 2 months Home | Street Talk Tags: Lockheed | F-35 | Donald Trump | defense Lockheed Plans $5 Billion in F-35 Savings After Trump Focus (Dreamstime) Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 04:22 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Lockheed Martin Corp. is working with suppliers to squeeze $5 billion from the F-35 fighter jet’s costs as the company negotiates the Pentagon’s biggest order yet of a weapon that has been criticized by President Donald Trump. “President Trump and his administration have made clear they are focused on being smart buyers,” Lockheed Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson told reporters at a briefing Tuesday in Arlington, Virginia. The president “put a sharper focus on price.” Business has been anything but usual for Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, since Trump assumed office. The new president has followed through on his vows to seek higher military spending but also has used his Twitter bully pulpit to gain leverage in contract talks for the F-35, the priciest U.S. weapons system. Trump criticized the jet’s costs as “out of control” late last year and suggested an upgrade of Boeing’s Super Hornet as a possible replacement for at least some of the Navy models of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter -- prompting a review by U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis. But later the president claimed credit for the $728 million in savings on a $8.2 billion contract for the latest batch of F-35 jets. In his first address to Congress, Trump praised the stealth fighter as a “fantastic” aircraft. Looming Large While the president isn’t involved in talks under way for the 11th and largest production lot of the plane, his presence looms large, Lockheed Chief Financial Officer Bruce Tanner said in an interview. “I’d like to think that just creates momentum to get Lot 11 done quicker than we have in the past,” he said. “I don’t know that it changes the process, per se.” The Office of Management and Budget in the blueprint of Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget listed the purchase of additional F-35 Joint Strike Fighters that would enable the Air Force to “counter the growing number of complex threats” the U.S. faces. Purchase Plans The final Obama administration budget planned to increase F-35 purchases in the next fiscal year to 70 from 63 this year. Then, the number would grow to 80 in fiscal 2019. There’s also a pending “block buy” of 450 aircraft in coming years as the Pentagon seeks a total fleet of 2,443, including 1,763 for the Air Force. By decade’s end, Lockheed has pledged to build the Air Force version of the plane for $85 million or less, Hewson said. “What Trump has said about the F-35 and his body language with Marillyn Hewson suggest the company has overcome the concerns Trump had about his biggest program,” Loren Thompson, an analyst with the Lexington Institute, said before Hewson’s remarks. The nonprofit has received funding from major defense contractors including Lockheed. Lockheed will soon know if that’s the case. The Pentagon’s F-35 program manager, Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan, told a House panel last month that he was “in the throes of negotiating” the next order of 120 airplanes, the costs for which would be more than $10 billion. The fighter is Lockheed’s largest program, accounting for 23 percent of total sales. A Lockheed official told reporters Tuesday the 11th contract may be as high as a 130 aircraft. Full Production The highly sophisticated fighter, the first to be developed to serve the vastly different missions of the various military services, is finally approaching full-rate production, years late. The defense company has dealt with gremlins ranging from an engine fire to malfunctioning software. But during Hewson’s tenure Lockheed has kept the Joint Strike Fighter essentially on schedule and close to budget after the Pentagon in 2010 executed the program’s largest reorganization. That added billions of dollars to the development phase and several years for completion, which could occur by mid-2018. Hewson, 63, has focused on improving Lockheed’s operations and repairing relations with the Pentagon since becoming CEO at the start of 2013. On her watch, the company’s share price almost tripled to $272.03 through the close of trading Monday. She was upbeat Tuesday about international markets, noting that 40 percent of new sales were generated by customers abroad last year. Overseas buyers will be responsible for more than half of F-35 sales over the next few years, she said. There, too, Hewson paid tribute to what she called the “Trump effect.” Members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are rethinking their plans because of the president’s demand that they spend more on defense, an effort that could mean another $100 billion in defense spending, she said. Another Deal Despite the maelstrom that surrounded Trump’s interest in the F-35, Lockheed CFO Tanner expressed cautious optimism that the company can reach another deal this year and then move into an annual tempo of new contract agreements. And a chance phone call about the program initiated by Trump at which Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg was present hasn’t been a factor, Tanner said.  “They are honorable people,” he said. “Everyone has come out afterwards and said there was nothing underhanded that took place, and I believe that.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Lockheed Martin Corp. is working with suppliers to squeeze $5 billion from the F-35 fighter jet's costs as the company negotiates the Pentagon's biggest order yet of a weapon that has been criticized by President Donald Trump. Lockheed, F-35, Donald Trump, defense 836 Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 04:22 PM 2017-22-21 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump's Jawboning Won't Deliver Enough Jobs Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 68 comments IF THIS IDIOT THINKS HE IS SMARTER THAN TRUMP, HE HAS ANOTHER THOUGHT... How Many Government Agencies Should Trump Eliminate? Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 41 comments Cut the Education and Energy Departments completely.... Sears Warns of 'Going Concern' Doubts Wednesday, 22 Mar 2017 | 17 comments I would be sympathetic except that Sears got on the ultra-liberal... Barron's: Kill Border Tax Before It Kills Us Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 11 comments Barons, in its self serving way, attempts to redefine the purpose of a... Yale's Stephen Roach: G-20 Meeting Was 'Disappointing' and 'Disturbing' Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 10 comments News that the Normandy invasion was not repelled was probably... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway videoshop Most Shared Culture All the Things Ivanka Trump Has Done in the White House Since Saying She Won’t Be Officially Working in the White House March 21, 2017 7:40 PM by Patricia Garcia Photo: BILAN/EPA/REX/Shutterstock Seems like Melania Trump isn’t the only one moving into the White House. On Monday, reports surfaced that Ivanka Trump is officially getting some West Wing office space, alongside a security clearance. According to Politico, the first daughter’s new office will be located next to senior adviser Dina Powell’s, meaning she’s only a short walk away from her father, President Donald Trump, and the Oval Office. While the move seems like the latest effort in consolidating Ivanka’s influence in her father’s administration, her attorney insists she still doesn’t have an official role, is not being sworn in, and is not pocketing a salary, according to Politico. Ivanka’s big new move is seen by many as a way of flaunting federal anti-nepotism laws, which prohibit public officials from hiring family members to work in agencies or offices they oversee. And to be fair, nepotism does not seem to rank highly among Donald Trump’s concerns: His children have always been among the highest profile executives at his company, and he himself succeeded his father in the family business. Ivanka’s husband, Jared Kushner, a senior advisor, was also among the first additions to his White House administration. Regardless, the West Wing news still comes as a something of a change in narrative for Ivanka—following her early and oft-cited insistence that her only role in her father’s administration would be that of “a daughter”—if not exactly a surprise. She was clear about her interest in fighting for paid parental leave and women’s empowerment, but Ivanka’s very public (if rarely acknowledged) role during the first months of her father’s presidency has reached far beyond those issues. Below, eight political things Ivanka Trump has done in the White House ever since she first said that she won’t officially be working for the White House. The time she sat down with Japan’s prime minister days after the election. Just one week after the election, Ivanka sat in for a meeting between her father and Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Trump Tower. The specifics of the meeting were not disclosed (the press was not invited). Shortly after, The New York Times reported Ivanka’s company was about to close a deal with Japanese apparel company Sanei, whose parent company is owned by the Japanese government. The deal disintegrated after the Times report. That time she hosted a White House roundtable with Justin Trudeau. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s White House visit in February included a roundtable discussion organized by Ivanka Trump. The meeting, which inspired a flurry of Ivanka and Trudeau memes, was attended by various female CEOs and was used to unveil their joint project, the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs. She later posed for a photo sitting at the president’s desk at the Oval Office with Donald Trump and Trudeau standing by her side. Loading View on Instagram When she accompanied her father on a visit to a Boeing factory. Ivanka and her husband joined Donald Trump to meet with Boeing’s CEO and workers at the South Carolina factory of the airline manufacturer, in what was Trump’s first official presidential visit outside of Washington, D.C. Loading View on Instagram The time she lobbied Congress. For the past few months, Ivanka has quietly been meeting with legislators from both sides of the aisle in Washington, D.C., to try to get a new childcare policy on the Republican agenda. (While it’s refreshing to see the issue making the rounds in Washington, her proposed plan has a few problems, mainly that it benefits wealthy parents over needier ones.) When she met with the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. According to Ivanka’s Instagram account, the meeting included a “meaningful discussion on small business and access to capital.” Loading View on Instagram And then she sat next to Angela Merkel during a White House meeting. German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s visit to the White House was awkward, to say the least. Not only did Donald Trump joke during their joint press conference that they had both been wiretapped by former President Obama, but he later appeared to refuse to shake her hand for a photo. Things ran smoother later that day when Merkel attended a meeting on workforce development, where instead of having an “official” White House staffer by her side (as is custom), the German chancellor had Ivanka. The time she set up a trust for her brand—handled by her in-laws. In order to avoid potential conflicts of interest, Ivanka handed over control of her lifestyle and fashion brand to her employee Abigail Klem, and set her assets in a trust run by her brother-in-law, Josh Kusher, and her sister-in-law, Nicole Meyer. This week, a San Francisco retailer Modern Appealing Clothing filed a lawsuit against Ivanka’s company, claiming she had an unfair advantage and was “exploiting the power and prestige of the White House.” Since January, sales of Ivanka’s clothing and jewelry lines have increased 332 percent, compared with last year, despite being dropped from several retailers including Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus. And then there’s the new office. Aside from permanently setting up her new workspace on the second floor of the West Wing, Ivanka will also be granted a security clearance and will start receiving government-issued communication devices this week. While she still has no official role, the move sends a strong message of Ivanka’s plans to solidify her role in the White House. “I will continue to offer my father my candid advice and counsel, as I have for my entire life,” she said in statement. “While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees.” Several ethics experts and lawyers have pointed out that the ambiguous nature of Ivanka’s role means she won’t actually be subject to any ethics rules a government official would typically have to comply with. It’s a stunning move that places Ivanka in a position of great power while facing little accountability. This type of long game power play? In her own words—there is no modern precedent. Recommended For You Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Masthead Vogue Podcast Log In|Register Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Comfort zone: Trump focuses his travel on states he won The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post) By John Wagner By John Wagner March 21 Follow @WPJohnWagner LOUISVILLE — At the end of one of his worst days in Washington, a triumphant President Trump strode onto the stage in a packed arena here to the adoration of thousands of supporters in a state where he scored one of most lopsided victories last fall. “We’re in the heartland of America, and there is no place I would rather be than here with you tonight,” Trump thundered at the outset of a 42-minute speech, which included no mention of testimony earlier Monday that eviscerated his false claim of being wiretapped by President Barack Obama. The visit to Kentucky was part of a striking pattern over his first two months as president: With few exceptions, whether for official business or campaign rallies, Trump heads only to states where he won. Since his Jan. 20 inauguration, Trump has traveled to Kentucky and Tennessee for large-scale rallies, to South Carolina to celebrate a new Boeing plane, to Pennsylvania to address fellow Republicans, and to Florida for multiple retreats at his Mar-a-Lago estate and for a tour of a Catholic school. Trump’s only trips outside the Washington area to states he lost have been to military installations or to play golf. Trump is hardly the first president to include swing states on his itinerary with an eye toward the next election. But the degree to which he has chosen to return to places where he is most welcome — and his sagging poll numbers are not so pronounced — has no recent precedent, said Robert Dallek, a presidential historian and biographer. Supporters wait for President Trump to arrive at a rally in Louisville on Monday. (Andrew Harnik/AP) “It’s as if the campaign still hasn’t ended,” Dallek said. “What he doesn’t seem to understand — or doesn’t seem to care — is you work hard to bring the country together.” Trump’s red-state travels as president follow a nine-state “thank you” tour after his election that included rallies only in states he won. [Whom to trust on health-care reform? Trump supporters put their faith in him.] The domestic travels of Vice President Pence also have heavily favored states where the Republican ticket prevailed, with several stops devoted to pitching the House GOP plan to overhaul the Affordable Care Act. Pence’s red-state destinations have included Texas, Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio, Wisconsin and Florida. The exceptions: a visit to West Point in New York and to the national gathering of a Jewish group in Nevada, a state the Trump-Pence ticket narrowly lost to Democrat Hillary Clinton. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, principal White House deputy press secretary, said it should not be a surprise that the president is visiting more states where he won, given that there are more of them than those he lost. “The fact that he has spent more time in states he won is just understanding basic math,” she said. Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said much of the vice president’s travel has been dictated by where groups that he addresses happen to be meeting. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post) A growing number of Democratic officials in blue states, however, question Trump’s commitment to representing the entire country. Democrats already have decried several Trump proposals, including the health-care rollback that would halt a Medicaid expansion embraced by more governors in their party than by Republicans. And they worry that states Trump won also might get special consideration for promised infrastructure spending and federal office buildings. “It’s like he wants to be a president for red America only,” said Maryland House Majority Leader C. William Frick (D-Montgomery). “No one’s holding their breath that he’s going to make it a priority to help places like Maryland, New York or California.” [President Trump faces his hardest truth: He was wrong] Trump’s only visits to Maryland since the election have been for flights on Air Force One originating at Joint Base Andrews and for a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference, an annual gathering that happened to be at National Harbor, just down the Potomac River from Washington. Blue-state partisans also point to other perceived slights. In keeping with tradition, Trump recently welcomed the nation’s governors to the White House as part of a conference in Washington of the bipartisan National Governors Association. But during a question-and-answer session, Trump called almost exclusively on Republicans for queries, according to several people in the room. “He should be soliciting perspectives from both Democrats and Republicans,” said Jared Leopold, communications director for the Democratic Governors Association, adding that doing so would be helped by travel to states that Trump lost. Four of Trump’s recent predecessors, including Obama, made it to all 50 states by the time they left office. In Obama’s case, however, he did not hit his final state — South Dakota — until late in his eight-year tenure. At both government and campaign events held out of state, Trump tends to reminisce about his performance in the campaign, sometimes at great length. And he routinely promises to bring jobs to the area he visits. “This is a state I truly love,” Trump proclaimed during a rally last month in Melbourne, Fla. “This is a state where we all had a great victory together. . . . I’m here because I want to be among my friends and among the people.” During a government-sponsored appearance last week outside Detroit focused on the auto industry, Trump similarly professed his love for Michigan, saying, “You did me a big favor, because you gave me a victory. . . . And you’re going to be very happy, believe me. You’re going to be very, very happy.” [FBI director confirms probe of possible coordination between Kremlin and Trump campaign] On Monday, the news coming out of Washington could hardly have been worse for the Trump administration: FBI Director James B. Comey testified to the House Intelligence Committee that he had no information to support statements by Trump on Twitter more than two weeks earlier that Obama had ordered surveillance of Trump Tower in New York. Comey also confirmed publicly for the first time that the FBI is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, including possible coordination between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign. None of that seemed to matter in Freedom Hall here, where Trump supporters packed into an arena with a stated capacity of more than 18,000 people. In November, Trump carried Kentucky with nearly 63 percent of the vote. One of those who voted for him, Ed Sanders, a stained-glass maker wearing a red “Make America Great Again” cap, said he was not sure what to make of the president’s wiretapping allegations but felt sure “there must be something going on there.” More broadly, Sanders, 63, said he thought Trump was off to a “good start — if people would leave him alone and let him do his job.” After listening to several warm-up speakers, the crowd’s anticipation of Trump’s arrival led to “the wave” going around the arena to recordings of several of the rock anthems that were staples of Trump’s presidential campaign. The president appeared to a blaring recording of Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the USA.” Following a speech that reprised many of his campaign promises, Trump took his time exiting the stage. He clapped as he walked, pausing every few steps to wave at the crowd. Then he climbed into the presidential limousine, headed back to the less-friendly confines of Washington. politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email John Wagner is a national political reporter covering the White House. Follow @WPJohnWagner 37 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis Trump won’t allow you to use iPads or laptops on certain airlines. Here’s why. 2 Manafort is gone, but his business associate remains a key part of Trump’s operation 3 Supreme Court sets higher bar for education of students with disabilities 4 Secret Service asked for $60 million extra for Trump-era travel and protection, documents show 5 Analysis Thursday’s vote on the GOP Obamacare replacement bill is going to be veeeery close Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Lockheed Targets $5 Billion in F-35 Savings after Trump Pressure Lockheed Targets $5 Billion in F-35 Savings after Trump Pressure Mar 21, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 “President Trump and his administration have made clear they are focused on being smart buyers,” said Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson. "The president “put a sharper focus on price.” Advertisement Lockheed Martin Corp. (IW 500/25) is working with suppliers to squeeze $5 billion from the F-35 fighter jet’s costs as the company negotiates the Pentagon’s biggest order yet of a weapon that has endured criticism from President  Donald Trump. “President Trump and his administration have made clear they are focused on being smart buyers,” Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson said on March 21. The president “put a sharper focus on price.” Business has been anything but usual for Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, since Trump assumed office. The new president has followed through on his vows to seek higher military spending but has also used his Twitter bully pulpit to gain leverage in contract talks for the F-35, the priciest U.S. weapons system. Trump criticized the jet’s costs as “out of control” late last year and suggested an upgrade of Boeing’s Super Hornet as a possible replacement for at least some of the Navy models of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter -- prompting a review by U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis. But later the president claimed credit for the $728 million in savings on a $8.2 billion contract for the latest batch of F-35 jets. In his first address to Congress, Trump praised the stealth fighter as a “fantastic” aircraft. Popular Now 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Johnson Controls’ Magic Ingredient is Leadership Standard Work: A Standard, or More Like a Guideline? With a Little Fanfare, FCA Opens Worker Academy in Indiana ‘Complex Threats’ The Office of Management and Budget in the blueprint of Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget listed the purchase of additional F-35 Joint Strike Fighters that would enable the Air Force to “counter the growing number of complex threats” the U.S. faces. The final Obama administration budget planned to increase F-35 purchases in the next fiscal year to 70 from 63 this year. Then, the number would grow to 80 in fiscal 2019. There’s also a pending “block buy” of 450 aircraft in the coming years as the Pentagon seeks a total fleet of 2,443, including 1,763 for the Air Force. “What Trump has said about the F-35 and his body language with Marillyn Hewson suggest the company has overcome the concerns Trump had about his biggest program,” Loren Thompson, an analyst with the Lexington Institute, said before Hewson’s remarks. The nonprofit has received funding from major defense contractors including Lockheed. Lockheed will soon know if that’s the case. The Pentagon’s F-35 program manager, Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan, told a House panel last month that he was “in the throes of negotiating” the next order of 120 airplanes, the costs for which would be above $10 billion. The fighter is Lockheed’s largest program, accounting for 23% of total sales. Multiple Missions The highly sophisticated fighter, the first to be developed to serve the vastly different missions of the various military services, is finally approaching full-rate production, years late. The defense company has dealt with gremlins ranging from an engine fire to malfunctioning software. But during Hewson’s tenure Lockheed has kept the Joint Strike Fighter essentially on schedule and close to budget after the Pentagon in 2010 executed the program’s largest reorganization. That added billions of dollars to the development phase and several years for completion, which could occur by mid-2018. Hewson, 63, has focused on improving Lockheed’s operations and repairing relations with the Pentagon since becoming CEO at the start of 2013. On her watch, the company’s share price almost tripled to $272.03 through the close of trading on March 20. By Julie Johnsson and Tony Capaccio Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Trump to Meet With CEOs of Boeing, Lockheed After Criticism 2 ABB Lowers Sales Target, Angles for $1 Billion in Savings GE Ties Bonuses to New Targets as Key Shareholder Pressures Immelt 1 Lockheed Drops as Trump Tweets F-35 Costs Are 'Out of Control' Boeing-vs.-Lockheed Fighter Rivalry Reopened by Trump Tweet Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST ZTE Pleads Guilty to Violating Sanctions on Iran Tech Sales Toyota Industries Buys Dutch Equipment Maker for $1.25 Billion True Leaders Are a Couple Steps Ahead of Everybody Else With a Little Fanfare, FCA Opens Worker Academy in Indiana Overtime Threshold Ripe for Review, Says Trump Labor Pick Daimler Employees Said to Be Probed Over Diesel Allegations More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 21, 2017 Exclusive Building Technology—and a Workforce—for the Long-Term at Schaeffler The German precision parts supplier's president of automotive Americas talks about the company's electrification research and overcoming skills gap challenges with apprenticeships and co-ops....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Johnson Controls’ Magic Ingredient is Leadership Overtime Threshold Ripe for Review, Says Trump Labor Pick Standard Work: A Standard, or More Like a Guideline? With a Little Fanfare, FCA Opens Worker Academy in Indiana GE Ties Bonuses to New Targets as Key Shareholder Pressures Immelt IW Webinars Manufacturing's Great Debate Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered Linette Lopez Mar. 21, 2017, 8:56 PM 4,845 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) wrote a letter to the inspector general of the Department of Defense, requesting that he look into TransDigm Group, a controversial airplane-part manufacturer and supplier of companies like Boeing. The stock is down over 6% on the news. Khanna's letter accuses the company of "waste, fraud and abuse in the defense and industrial base." He called the company a "hidden monopolist" that engages in "unreasonable" pricing increases. On Wall Street, short sellers have been circling TransDigm for months alleging the same thing. Then in January, Citron Research accused the company of growing through debt-fueled acquisitions and eye-popping price increases, which it passes along to the government.  "TransDigm's business model is to aerospace as Valeant was to the pharmaceutical industry," Left wrote. "TransDigm acquires airplane parts companies (over 50 in total), fires employees, and egregiously raises prices. This business model has made them a dominant supplier of airplane parts to the aerospace industry while burdening its balance sheet with sky-high debt load: in fact, 6.5x EBITDA leverage." Markets Insider   SEE ALSO: Wall Street has found a company that Donald Trump would love to beat up on NOW WATCH: Despite the negative stigma, payday loans are not much different from credit cards Loading video... More: Andrew Left Short Sellers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) wrote a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Log In 0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in Cyclist killed in southeast Stockton hit-and-run identified Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 at 10:56 AM Mar 21, 2017 at 10:56 AM Joe Goldeen Record Staff Writer @JoeGoldeen STOCKTON — A bicyclist killed in a hit-and-run collision Friday night in southeast Stockton was identified as Afiba Sekou Woodard, 42, of Stockton, according to the San Joaquin County Coroner’s Office. Woodard was riding in the 3000 block of Boeing Way near the Highway 99 frontage road at 9:04 p.m. when he was struck by a red big-rig truck pulling a flatbed trailer. The driver fled the scene, Stockton police reported. The truck driver was described as a Middle Eastern man between 25 and 32 years old, 5 feet 9 and 220 pounds, with an unshaven beard. He was last seen wearing a dark blue shirt, reflective vest and denim shorts, according to police. The investigation into the collision is ongoing. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Stockton Police Department at (209) 937-8377, the Investigations Unit at (209) 937-8323 or Crime Stoppers at (209) 946-0600. Crime Stoppers pays cash rewards up to $10,000. Callers can remain anonymous. Cellphone users can text information to 274637 (CRIMES) by entering the keyword “TIPSPD” followed by their tip. Internet users can visit the Police Department’s Facebook page and click “Submit a Tip.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Lockheed Martin CEO is seeing a 'Trump effect' as NATO members boost defense spending Jeff Daniels | Morgan Brennan Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 1:14 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images A F-35 fighter jet take-offs for a training mission at Hill Air Force Base on March 15, 2017 in Ogden, Utah. Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson said Tuesday the company is seeing a "President Trump effect" with NATO members starting to "step up their own defense spending." And Hewson said the expected uptick from NATO allies follows "one of the most complex geopolitical volatile environments" she's ever seen. President Donald Trump and Defense Secretary James Mattis have been pressuring European member nations such as Germany to increase their share of defense spending. Trump claimed last week that Germany owes NATO and the U.S. "vast sums" of money for defense, although that assertion was rejected by the Germans. Of the 28 member countries, only five — the U.S., U.K., Poland, Greece and Estonia — meet the Western alliance's target of spending at least 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense. Germany's defense spending last year was about 1.2 percent of its GDP, and although the finance ministry expects that figure to rise slightly by 2018, it will still below the 2 percent goal. Kevin Lamarque | Reuters Marillyn Hewson, CEO, Lockheed Martin Hewson said if all the NATO European members reached the 2 percent defense spending target that could result in a $100 billion increase in spending on defense. "This is significant," she said. Lockheed, the maker of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, had about 27 percent of its total sales in 2016 from international customers. And more than 40 percent of its new business was international, according to Hewson. "The largest driver of international growth will be F-35," she said. She estimated that about 50 percent of all F-35 orders over the next five years will come from international customers. Trump has been critical of the F-35's price and has suggested possibly buying a "comparable" F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter from rival defense giant Boeing. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is a program with three distinct variants built for the Air Force, Navy and Marines. The Pentagon is believed to be considering buying more F/A-18 fighters to replace some F-35C planes, the Navy's variant. Even so, a deal announced last month by the company for a 10th batch of F-35s showed a $728 million savings in the total price when compared with the prior lot. In particular, the Pentagon's price of the F-35A, or the Air Force variant, fell below $100 million for the first time. "President Trump made clear that he and the administration will ensure that the government is a smart buyer," Hewson said Tuesday. She added that in the "positive and constructive dialogue" she's had with him over the past few months, she's been "able to communicate Lockheed is aligned with that." Lockheed set a goal to save F-35 customers "more than $5 billion," Hewson said. What's more, she said the company agreed to a target of $85 million or less by 2019 on the aircraft. Meantime, Hewson also was generally upbeat about the outlook for U.S. defense spending. "We're seeing a new willingness and resolve to increase investments in defense," the CEO said. "Although the path ahead on the federal budget remains complicated, we are optimistic." Overall, the CEO also indicated she's "more optimistic than ever for our company's growth prospects." Hewson also applauded the administration's efforts to lower corporate taxes and ease regulations on business. "These policy discussions are especially important to our industry, aerospace and defense," Hewson said, adding that the industry represents about 10 percent of U.S. exports and employs about 2 percent of the total workforce directly. Elsewhere, Hewson said the company's Sikorsky integration has largely been completed. The Bethesda, Maryland-based company acquired Sikorsky for about $9 billion in late 2015. Some criticized Lockheed for the deal, saying the defense giant had overpaid for the commercial and military helicopter business. Nonetheless, Hewson said she expects Sikorsky sales to grow, although she conceded that the commercial side of the business was still feeling the effects of being tied to the oil and gas industry. "While it's taking longer than expected, we are confident that the industry will eventually recover," she said. —Written by CNBC's Jeff Daniels, with reporting from CNBC's Morgan Brennan Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Morgan BrennanCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT ---
DirectoryPhotosAboutContactAdvertise Free TrialSubscribeSign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Home Local Agendas and Notices Church Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Column Columns Editorial Letters Calendar Classifieds Obituary: Marvin Lloyd Potter     Share   Tweet 0 Comments March 21, 2017 HARLEM - Marvin Lloyd Potter, 71, passed away in his sleep March 14, 2017, at Peace Hospice in Great Falls with his loving sister Kelly Taylor at his side. A celebration of his life will be 2 p.m. Saturday, March 25, at the Glasgow VFW  Post 3107. There will be sharing of stories and military honors. Lunch will follow the services. Condolences for the family may be left at http://www.kirkwoodfuneralhome.com. Marvin was born to Harold and Pearl (Whitish) Potter July 22, 1945, in Glasgow. Montana. They divorced and Harold married Mary Wilson, whom Marvin always considered as his mother throughout his life. He was raised on the family farm by his grandparents, Fred and Jennie Potter, and his parents, Harold and Mary. It was in his childhood that he became close to lifelong friend Leonard Swenson, who lived on the neighboring farm. He graduated from Glasgow High School in 1963. From there, he attended a trade school in Wahpeton, North Dakota, to study mechanics. He was well-known for his outstanding mechanical skills all of his adult life. After trade school, Marvin came home to Glasgow. He worked at Gallagher's IGA. It was at this time he met Kathy Fuhrman, and they started dating. Marvin was drafted into the U.S. Army in July 1966. He did his basic training at Fort Lewis, Washington. He broke his foot during basic training, but was still deployed to Vietnam. He was a helicopter mechanic Marvin and Kathy continued their romance through letters while he was in Vietnam. Marvin and Kathy were married June 8, 1969, a year after he returned from Vietnam. They lived in Killeen, Texas, Fort Hood, until he finished his service duties. Next, they moved to Everett, Washington, where he was a mechanic for Boeing building the 747 jets until Boeing had a massive lay off. Marvin and Kathy returned to Glasgow, Montana, where their three daughters, Kami, Pamela and Kyndra, were born. During this time he worked for John Deere Implement and the Etchart Ranch. They were divorced but always remained friends and kept in contact. He moved to Chinook, Montana, to work at a John Deere dealership owned by Kathy's brother, Bob Fuhrman. Bob sold the dealership and Marvin moved to Harlem to work at Northern Supply. He worked there until he retired. During the '70s, Marvin became very involved with stock car racing and it became a lifelong passion. His car number was 17. It was during this time that he grew his beard and mustache and became known as "Whiskers." During his time in Texas, he enjoyed attending drag races. In 2007, he started going to drag races in Malta and Lewistown. He made many great friends (his racing buddies). He never missed another race until his death. Marvin's last race car was a 1985 Chevy Corvette, and he was overjoyed to take this for his last race. He was also very creative with many artistic skills using paper and pencil, markers, paint and metal working creating sculpture items and his last work was The Lord's Supper tooled on copper. It was done freehand and is outstandingly detailed. Marvin was most proud of this his final work. Marvin was also an avid reader with Zane Grey as his most favorite author. Marvin was very proud of being a veteran and displayed American flags on any and all of his vehicles. Marvin was a Life Member of V.F.W. Post 3107. He was also a lifetime member of the Phillips County Motor Sports (Hi-Line Drag Strip) of Malta. Marvin was preceded in death by his dad, Harold Potter; his grandparents, Fred and Jennie Potter; his sister, Marilyn Potter Carson; his uncle, Bud Potter; and his granddaughter, Charley SeRae Hieb. Survivors include his daughters, Kami (Charlie) Brady, Pamela (Devin) Hieb and Kyndra (Winston) Hall; grandchildren, including Grayson Brady, Zach and Kash Hieb, Aitana and Ellycia Moore, and Gacin Hall; as well as Kathy Fuhrman, his ex-wife and friend. Marvin is also survived by his very loving and caring sister, Kelly (Dale) Taylor. Other family includes his mother, Mary Potter; siblings, Tim (Ann) Potter, Lloyd Potter, Joy (Tom) See, and Jennie Potter McMichael; also numerous nieces, nephews, great-nieces and -nephews, and cousins. You might be interested in: Obituary - Rebecca Nicholson Obituary: Rebecca Nicholson Obituary: William H. "Bill" Baltrusch Obituary: Jess L. "Tab" Angstman Obituary: Megan M. Bailey   Most Popular HHS grapplers featured...George Ferguson Judge scolds county at...Paul Dragu Legislation spells bad... Obituary: Diane Donoven Obituary: Marvin Lloyd... Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Sections Local Obituaries Sports Opinion Calendar classifieds Newspaper Contact Subscribe About Photos Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Mobile Browser Advertise Advertise Business Directory Contribute Submit Content Letter to the Editor Connect With Us Havre Daily News 119 2nd Street Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 Email: news@havredailynews.com © 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation © Copyright 2017 Rendered 03/21/2017 11:42
Home News Local Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts 54° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 79° F Lo: 59° F Radar Forecast Alerts 9 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Featured: Auto Recalls Kansas Wildfires Product Recalls Latest Headlines Wichita Park & Recreation to help families afford summer camp Updated: 5 mins ago WICHITA, Kan. (KSNW) – A few weeks ago KSN reported that the McAdams pool will be the first of several public pools around Wichita to close,… Obama health law’s ‘essential benefits’ may be in jeopardy Updated: 6 mins ago Lawmakers emerging from a meeting late Wednesday of the conservative Freedom Caucus said “essential health benefits” are in play . Facebook rape stirs questions about witnessing crimes online Updated: 10 mins ago ‘Snooki’ inspires bill to cap public university speaker fees Updated: 12 mins ago Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Updated: 13 mins ago Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Current Conditions 54° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 54° F Wind: SSE 17 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 7:27 AM Sunset: 7:43 PM Kansas Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Temperatures Mobile App Sponsored by: Sports Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Latest Headlines Fans ready to cheer on KU in Sweet 16 Updated: 18 mins ago A crowd packed into the Sprint Center on Wednesday to watch the Jayhawks practice. KU players fired up for Thursday night’s game Updated: 7 mins ago The KU Jayhawks will be playing the Purdue Boilermakers tonight in Kansas City in the Sweet 16. The game starts around 8:30 p.m. WSU commit leads Hutchinson CC to JUCO quarterfinals Updated: 52 mins ago Kansas faces Purdue in matchup tonight Updated: 50 mins ago Jayhawks fans divisive over on-court success, off-court woes March 22, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Latest Headlines ‘Snooki’ inspires bill to cap public university speaker fees Updated: 8 mins ago No more than $10,000 of state money could go to pay speakers at New Jersey’s public universities. Todd Fisher says mom Debbie Reynolds set him up for death Updated: 12 mins ago The 84-year-old Reynolds suffered a stroke and died one day after her 60-year-old daughter died following a heart attack. ‘No Scrubs’ writers get added to Sheeran hit ‘Shape of You’ March 22, 2017 CBS and ‘Young and Restless’ lead with Daytime Emmy nods March 22, 2017 Box office reaches new record, but international sales flat March 22, 2017 More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 54° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 79° F Lo: 59° F B-29 Doc air show tour scheduled By KSN TV Published: March 21, 2017, 11:29 am Updated: March 22, 2017, 7:36 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The World War II B-29 bomber "Doc" lifts off for the first time in 60 years on Sunday, July 17, 2016. (Photo: USAF/Staff Sgt. Rachel Waller) WICHITA, Kan. (KSNW) – B-29 Doc will make four national tour stops through the first half of the 2017 summer tour season. Doc’s Friends, Inc., the group operating the fully restored B-29 Boeing Superfortress, announced the first half of its tour plan, which includes stops in Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Wisconsin. B-29 Doc Open House: Yingling Aviation, Wichita, Kan., April 22 Defenders of Liberty: Barksdale Air Force Base, Bossier City, La., May 6-7 Wings Over Whiteman: Whiteman Air Force Base, Knob Noster, Mo., June 10-11 EAA AirVenture: Oshkosh, Wis., July 24-20 Doc’s maintenance crew has nearly completed the planned winter maintenance program and will begin running engines and preparing for a return to flight in early April. For more information, click here. Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download our News App and our Weather App for your phone and tablet. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts FAA approves new airworthiness certificate for B-29 Doc Elvis Presley’s Graceland opens a new $45 million complex Wichita State rolls past Missouri State 80-62 Bruno Mars, Justin Timberlake shine at iHeartRadio Awards Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KSN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language, racial slurs or consistent name calling will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Lockheed Plans $5 Billion in F-35 Savings After Trump Focus by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson and Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio March 21, 2017, 10:43 AM EDT March 21, 2017, 3:22 PM EDT Company is negotiating Pentagon’s biggest purchase of fighter President criticized cost as out of control last year in tweet Marillyn Hewson Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg Lockheed Martin Corp. is working with suppliers to squeeze $5 billion from the F-35 fighter jet’s costs as the company negotiates the Pentagon’s biggest order yet of a weapon that has been criticized by President Donald Trump. “President Trump and his administration have made clear they are focused on being smart buyers,” Lockheed Chief Executive Officer Marillyn Hewson told reporters at a briefing Tuesday in Arlington, Virginia. The president “put a sharper focus on price.” Business has been anything but usual for Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, since Trump assumed office. The new president has followed through on his vows to seek higher military spending but also has used his Twitter bully pulpit to gain leverage in contract talks for the F-35, the priciest U.S. weapons system. Trump criticized the jet’s costs as “out of control” late last year and suggested an upgrade of Boeing’s Super Hornet as a possible replacement for at least some of the Navy models of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter -- prompting a review by U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis. But later the president claimed credit for the $728 million in savings on a $8.2 billion contract for the latest batch of F-35 jets. In his first address to Congress, Trump praised the stealth fighter as a “fantastic” aircraft. Looming Large While the president isn’t involved in talks under way for the 11th and largest production lot of the plane, his presence looms large, Lockheed Chief Financial Officer Bruce Tanner said in an interview. “I’d like to think that just creates momentum to get Lot 11 done quicker than we have in the past,” he said. “I don’t know that it changes the process, per se.” The Office of Management and Budget in the blueprint of Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget listed the purchase of additional F-35 Joint Strike Fighters that would enable the Air Force to “counter the growing number of complex threats” the U.S. faces. Purchase Plans Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The final Obama administration budget planned to increase F-35 purchases in the next fiscal year to 70 from 63 this year. Then, the number would grow to 80 in fiscal 2019. There’s also a pending “block buy” of 450 aircraft in coming years as the Pentagon seeks a total fleet of 2,443, including 1,763 for the Air Force. By decade’s end, Lockheed has pledged to build the Air Force version of the plane for $85 million or less, Hewson said. “What Trump has said about the F-35 and his body language with Marillyn Hewson suggest the company has overcome the concerns Trump had about his biggest program,” Loren Thompson, an analyst with the Lexington Institute, said before Hewson’s remarks. The nonprofit has received funding from major defense contractors including Lockheed. Lockheed will soon know if that’s the case. The Pentagon’s F-35 program manager, Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan, told a House panel last month that he was “in the throes of negotiating” the next order of 120 airplanes, the costs for which would be more than $10 billion. The fighter is Lockheed’s largest program, accounting for 23 percent of total sales. A Lockheed official told reporters Tuesday the 11th contract may be as high as a 130 aircraft. Full Production The highly sophisticated fighter, the first to be developed to serve the vastly different missions of the various military services, is finally approaching full-rate production, years late. The defense company has dealt with gremlins ranging from an engine fire to malfunctioning software. But during Hewson’s tenure Lockheed has kept the Joint Strike Fighter essentially on schedule and close to budget after the Pentagon in 2010 executed the program’s largest reorganization. That added billions of dollars to the development phase and several years for completion, which could occur by mid-2018. Hewson, 63, has focused on improving Lockheed’s operations and repairing relations with the Pentagon since becoming CEO at the start of 2013. On her watch, the company’s share price almost tripled to $272.03 through the close of trading Monday. She was upbeat Tuesday about international markets, noting that 40 percent of new sales were generated by customers abroad last year. Overseas buyers will be responsible for more than half of F-35 sales over the next few years, she said. There, too, Hewson paid tribute to what she called the “Trump effect.” Members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are rethinking their plans because of the president’s demand that they spend more on defense, an effort that could mean another $100 billion in defense spending, she said. Another Deal Despite the maelstrom that surrounded Trump’s interest in the F-35, Lockheed CFO Tanner expressed cautious optimism that the company can reach another deal this year and then move into an annual tempo of new contract agreements. And a chance phone call about the program initiated by Trump at which Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg was present hasn’t been a factor, Tanner said.  “They are honorable people,” he said. “Everyone has come out afterwards and said there was nothing underhanded that took place, and I believe that.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Lists Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Lists Trump Shuttle – and five more ill-conceived airlines that flopped Trump pledged to create “the best transportation system of any kind in the entire world.” Credit: GETTY Oliver Smith, Digital Travel Editor 21 March 2017 • 5:04pm The US president is no stranger to a failed enterprise. Over the years he’s launched a catalogue of dubious businesses, including (but not limited to) GoTrump.com (a travel search engine), Trump Ice (spring water), Trump Steaks and Trump Vodka. There’s even Trump: The Game, his answer to Monopoly. Many will have forgotten that he also tried his hand at aviation. Trump Shuttle (he really has a thing for eponymous companies) was launched in 1989 accompanies with a pledge to create “the best transportation system of any kind in the entire world.” He snapped up a fleet of ageing Boeing 727s from a struggling Eastern Air Lines, along with many of its disgruntled staff, and launched flights from New York to Boston and Washington D.C. The airline flew from New York to Washington DC and Boston Credit: Andrea Izzotti/Andrea Izzotti This being The Donald, those aircraft needed a Trump-style makeover. “We took old 727s and spent a huge amount of money stripping them down to the frame and refurbishing them with chrome seat belts, maple bulkheads and faux marble bathrooms," Bruce Nobles, president of the Trump Shuttle from October 1988 until June 1990, told The Globe and Mail in a 2011 interview. "It was a problem: we spent too much money on the airplanes."  The airline business is a tough business, [but] I did great with it.Donald Trump when his airline ceased trading after two years Nobles claims Trump paid $365m for the aircraft and landing slots, borrowing $380m from a consortium of banks and putting in around $20m of his own cash. Despite grabbing a decent market share, it could not thrive in a tricky economic climate while saddled with so much debt. It never turned a profit and in September 1990 the loans were defaulted and ownership of the airline passed to the banks, who eventually sold it to the US Air Group.   "It worked out well for me," was Trump’s assessment in an interview with The Street. "I ran an airline for a couple of years and made a couple of bucks. The airline business is a tough business, [but] I did great with it." Five other ill-conceived airlines that flopped Smintair German financier Alexander Schoppmann said he was coming to the rescue of nicotine lovers all over the world, when, in June 2006, he announced the launch of Smintair – an airline which allow passengers to smoke throughout the journey. A triple portmanteau of Smoker’s International Airways, the carrier promised to “bring back the exclusivity in flying encountered in the 1960s”. The smoking ban has put paid to such brilliant ideas Credit: ALAMY "The upper deck will be the passengers' lounge and not be jammed with seats, as you can sadly find everywhere, nowadays," the website added. "Allergics against tobacco smoke or militant anti-smokers are asked to not apply," said Smintair on its jobs page. Flights from Dusseldorf to Nagoya, Japan were mooted, but, alas, the £27.6m needed to turn it from idea into reality was never raised. Why do planes still have ashtrays? Hooters Air Seriously, this existed for three glorious years. It was conceived as an unconventional way of raising awareness of the restaurant chain, but expanded to encompass a fleet of seven aircraft covering 17 destinations, including The Bahamas, Fort Lauderdale, Orlando and Las Vegas. Two “Hooters Girls”, wearing the standard skimpy attire, assisted the (conventionally dressed) cabin crew, and the carrier did its best to woo affluent travellers with plenty of legroom and free meals on all flights over an hour. It ceased operations in 2006, and is estimated to have cost the firm $40m. Hooters Air: it really happened Credit: 2003 Getty Images/Erik S. Lesser Naked Air Hardly an “airline”, as it operated for just one flight in 2003, this brainchild of Castaways Travel, a Houston-based “clothing optional” (and still in business) firm, shuttled fliers from Miami to Cancun wearing nothing but their birthday suits. The idea was picked up in 2008 by a (surprise, surprise) German travel agency, which flew nude sunseekers from the city of Erfurt to the (rather chilly) Baltic seaside. Revealed: The worlds best airlines Pet Airways Overestimating the demand among dogs for a week in the sun, Pet Airways unveiled itself in 2009, offering fares based on the size of the animal and the distance travellers. Pets (“pawsengers” is how the carrier described them), were checked in at the airport by their owners, who could then track their progress online. Operations were handled by Nebraska-based Suburban Air Freight, but financial problems surfaced in 2012 and the following year it was consigned to airline heaven. He deserves a holiday Credit: DARREN STAPLES Erotic Airways Aussie pilot Craig Justo launched this oddity in 2006, offering randy couples the chance to join the Mile High Club in his twin-engine Beech H-18S. $725 bought each couple bubbly, bedding and an hour in the sky – plus a certificate to take home. Needless to say it didn’t take off. And 10 more with very strange names Touch and Go Russian charter airline that was hugely unpopular with nervous fliers. Ceased operations in 1997. Wizz Air Hungarian budget airline – also slang for "urinate". On the website, there's a section called "My Wizz". It's still going strong. BRA Brasil Rodo Aereo. Low fare carrier based in Sao Paulo. Cash-strapped, it ceased trading a few years back. Ransome Airlines Prone to hijackings, this Pennsylvanian carrier flew from 1967 to 1995. Spantax Spanish airline. Sounds like a combination of spandex and tampax. Folded in 1988. The worlds safest - and least safe - airlines revealed Muk Air Ghanaian carrier, lasted just two years (1997-1999). Vanilla Air Low-cost carrier launched in 2013. "We chose vanilla as our brand name because it is popular and loved by everyone in the world," the airline's president Tomonori Ishii said at the time. "I think it is a very cute name." Mr Ishii was apparently unaware of the bland and plain associations with the word "vanilla" in the West. U-Land On a runway, we presume. Taiwan-based; folded in 2000. Iran Air Planes don't run, they fly. Best of | Travel Truths Share this article Follow the Telegraph Travel news Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Read more 23 Mar 2017, 12:37pm Top 10: the best boutique hotels in Chicago 23 Mar 2017, 12:32pm 10 secrets to saving money on UK rail fares 23 Mar 2017, 12:08pm Builders 'accidentally paint over Banksy artwork' at Caribbean hotel 23 Mar 2017, 11:12am Oakland: the cool alternative to San Francisco 23 Mar 2017, 10:36am Cherry blossom is so last year – now Japan is going crazy for wisteria tunnels Travel latest 23 Mar 2017, 12:37pm Top 10: the best boutique hotels in Chicago 23 Mar 2017, 12:32pm 10 secrets to saving money on UK rail fares 23 Mar 2017, 12:08pm Builders 'accidentally paint over Banksy artwork' at Caribbean hotel Gallery 23 Mar 2017, 11:33am Gallery: Incredible traditional dress from around the world 23 Mar 2017, 11:12am Oakland: the cool alternative to San Francisco 23 Mar 2017, 10:36am Cherry blossom is so last year – now Japan is going crazy for wisteria tunnels 23 Mar 2017, 10:03am 'Bizarre' laptop ban could spark rise in air rage, says security expert Gallery 23 Mar 2017, 9:45am Gallery: The most beautiful underwater photographs you'll see all year 23 Mar 2017, 9:30am Zero stress and an £80,000 salary: 20 things I've learned since becoming an air traffic controller 23 Mar 2017, 8:00am The best things to do in London this weekend 22 Mar 2017, 5:45pm Meet the piste map artist who brings ski resorts to life Gallery 22 Mar 2017, 5:45pm Gallery: Inside €118,000-a-week Chalet La Datcha in Val Thorens 22 Mar 2017, 5:30pm Parliament shooting: is my journey home affected? 22 Mar 2017, 5:29pm Top 10: the best casino hotels in Las Vegas 22 Mar 2017, 4:21pm Aspen ruined, claim skiers, after the Trump family turns up with 100 secret service agents in tow 22 Mar 2017, 4:09pm Plans unveiled for the first luxury hotel at Iceland's Blue Lagoon 22 Mar 2017, 3:56pm 15 reasons why Vilnius should be your next city break Gallery 22 Mar 2017, 3:55pm Gallery: The 20 most magical places to see spring flowers 22 Mar 2017, 3:47pm David Lynch and Kyle MacLachlan star in mindfulness video to promote Hollywood hotel 22 Mar 2017, 3:02pm Accusations of Nazi sympathies, adulterous intrigue and the swimming pool that sparked the Profumo affair: inside Cliveden House, Britain's most scandalous historic hotel 22 Mar 2017, 2:07pm Revealed: the 10 hardest US airports to land at If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Entrepreneurs Entrepreneurs Border adjustment tax could crush millions of businesses, retailers fear Kate Rogers | @katerogersnews Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 1:00 PM ET CNBC.com show chapters Retailers push back on border tax    Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 6:24 AM ET | 01:34 SHARES Amid the battle over tax reform, some small businesses that import goods are focused on a key proposal in the House Republican blueprint, the border adjustment tax, which levies a 20 percent tax on imports. Certain retailers who rely on getting their goods from overseas are dreading the possible repercussions. Ledbury, based in Richmond, Virginia, imports 98 percent of its high-end men's shirts from Europe. It does about $10 million a year in business, but the border tax might mean it would have to raise prices or cut workers' hours. The company is reinvesting its capital into the business in order to continue growing. It retails imported shirts starting at $145 and bespoke shirts made in the U.S. beginning at $225. "For a business like ours that is running [to] break even, it's going to have negative impacts. I would say this is absolutely the wrong thing to be doing right now — we are in a challenging time, particularly in the retail business," CEO Paul Trible says. The company already pays more than 19 percent in duties on the cotton shirts it imports. Shifting production to the U.S. would be too costly, while moving to an Asian manufacturer would affect quality, Trible argues. CNBC A worker sews a bespoke shirt at Ledbury’s storefront in Richmond, Va. The company imports 98 percent of its products and is against the border adjustment tax. Economists in support of the proposal argue the dollar will strengthen to offset costs to retailers, meaning consumers won't be hit with higher taxes in stores. An "American Made Coalition" has emerged, with big names including Dow Chemical, Eli Lilly, GE and Boeing backing the House GOP plan. One of the most outspoken critics of the proposal has been the National Retail Federation, the world's largest retail trade organization, which warns that the tax would "crush" small retailers, adding that 99 percent of retail businesses employ fewer than 50 workers and 95 percent of them operate in a single location. "In the face of limited U.S. manufacturing, America's small retailers rely heavily on imports and do not have the ability to cut their prices or pass along these increased costs to consumers. For example, specialty apparel stores, which import approximately 97 percent of their inventory, would end up with a tax bill that is three to five times larger than their profits and would have to raise their prices by 15 percent or more to maintain current profitability," David French, NRF's senior vice president for government relations, tells CNBC. "The million-plus small retail companies in the U.S. would be hit especially hard by the BAT, and many would be forced to lay off employees or even close their doors," he says. "I would say this is absolutely the wrong thing to be doing right now." -Paul Trible, CEO of Ledbury Concerns over the proposal have also cropped up even from those who are generally enthusiastic about tax reform. Some say it further complicates a system that has long frustrated America's smallest businesses. Tax complexity ranked the number two issue for small business owners in 2016, according to a survey from the conservative lobbying group National Federation of Independent Business. "I'm encouraged that the overarching points are focused on bringing down tax rates for all types of businesses and individuals, on the expensing of capital expenditures for all businesses, on killing the death tax and on reducing capital gains levies," says Ray Keating, chief economist for the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council. "But there are real problems with a border adjustment tax, including raising costs for importers and firms that use imported inputs, increasing tax complexity. Tax reform should do the exact opposite." The GOP tax plan may not be possible without the inclusion of the border tax. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told CNBC last month that what makes the reform package so "pro-growth" are all of the elements taken together. "The million-plus small retail companies in the U.S. would be hit especially hard by the BAT, and many would be forced to lay off employees or even close their doors." -David French, senior vice president of the National Retail Federation "The border adjustment proposal has to be viewed within the context of the larger tax proposal it is advancing within," says Todd McCracken, president and CEO of the National Small Business Association, a nonpartisan advocacy group. "It has lots of other really good things for small companies in it: unlimited or no depreciation of expenses on capital equipment, lower tax rates, an elimination of the estate tax. These things are made possible because there is border adjustment." At Ledbury, Trible is hopeful lawmakers will consider the concerns of importers large and small before moving forward. "I think if this goes through, we will probably do a hiring freeze and have to spend a lot of time and money that could be invested elsewhere into new stores and a new supply chain," Trible said. "The question for us is, how much can we raise our prices without negatively impacting our business?" show chapters This guy went from a cart collector at Target to running a six-figure company by doing this    Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 2:09 PM ET | 00:52 Kate RogersCNBC Reporter Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager Life at 39,000 feet comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet In a chat over phone, Neha Sharma — Vistara’s Lead Check, Cabin Crew — gives Prince Mathews Thomas a rare look into the life of an air-hostess How did you begin in the industry? I was fascinated by planes and air hostesses from childhood. After graduation, I gave an interview. And then became a cabin crew. Now am in aviation and I cant think of a life without it. It’s now in the blood. I started in 2005, with Air Deccan and was promoted as cabin crew in-charge. I also worked with Kingfisher Airlines. In Kingfisher, I was both a flight manager and as well as a check crew. What is a check crew? Check crew is the one who checks and supervises the work of other crew members. So you are the leader of the group? Leader of the group is in-flight manager. As a check crew, I can check on the leader as well. Check crews are approved by the DGCA (Director General of Civil Aviation). After Kingfisher Airlines, you joined SpiceJet. As a crew member? I never flew on SpiceJet as the company had Boeing aircraft and I was trained for Airbus (Deccan and Kingfisher used Airbus planes). So I was part of crew management for five years. I was supervising the crew members. Chennai was the second-largest base for SpiceJet, there were around 200 crew members. Then I got to know of Vistara. I joined Vistara as in-flight supervisor. And then became line check crew, which is same as check crew. Does every flight have a lead crew and a check crew? For every flight there is a lead crew, but not a check crew. A lead crew can be a check crew, but not for every flight. It’s only when a check has to be conducted in the flight that a line check crew comes in. How is life as a crew member? Early on I was excited by the idea of flying and life as a crew member — travelling by air, having pick-up and drop, staying in five-star hotels. It looks glamorous but has challenges and needs a lot of discipline. We get a monthly roster. The schedule varies according to the flight. If we are doing a shorter sector — Delhi-Mumbai turnaround, or Delhi-Ahmedabad turnaround, then we reach home by 1200 hours or 1300 hours. It is much better than doing a 9-to-5 corporate job. At the same time, we have the longer flights too. At times, they are challenging if you consider delays due to fog or diversions. If you have anything planned for the evening, such as attending a friend’s wedding, you miss out. This happens but your job requires this. Also, some people might find it difficult to wake up at two or three in the morning regularly. But our clock is different from the world’s. When others are awake, we are sleeping. But it’s fun. We have a systematic rest period, regulated by the DGCA and the company ensures it. For instance, after doing a four-hour flight, the rest period should be at least 10 hours. With such timings, how is the work-life balance? We do get time with our family. And if you love your job, then it’s easier to manage. Everyday we meet different people and go to different places. Even our colleagues change every day as the team can differ. The job makes you come out of the comfort zone.We grow that way. Is it true that you are trained to even deliver babies? Yes, we are. It’s part of first-aid training. At every airline, a new recruit goes through training, examination and viva. In Vistara, when we were hired, we went through training for Airbus. Then there was training on subjects such as first-aid, aviation security and food management. We also have drills such as fire drills, slide drill and door management. After every training, you have a viva and then practical training. Also, annually there are viva, examination and practical training. We also have a license, which has to be renewed, and need to ensure that it’s valid for all the trainings. So you are trained to face any kind of situation... Yes. Sometimes, there are expecting mothers, or patients on board. According to the situation, our role varies from being a fire fighter, or nurse to even mother or sister. Can you give an instance? In one of my colleagues flights there was this man who sat in a corner and was crying. My colleague noticed, talked to him and gave company through the flight, and even wiped his tears. In another instance, there was this customer who kept asking for something else to eat. We finally offered him our crew food, and he was glad. The crew members generally look fit. Is there emphasis on grooming? We need to maintain a good health. We go through medical examination annually. Factors like weight, BMI (body mass index) and skin are regularly checked. It’s not like other jobs where you just worry about work. But here we have to be presentable, well-groomed, polite and smiling. That would be difficult when you have unruly passengers. Most of the people basically want a good service and on-time arrival. There are some who can be difficult. For instance, there are people who keep calling you 10-15 times. But as cabin crew we have to be calm and composed. At times, it is funny. Depends on how you take it. How do you prepare for a flight? Before a flight, there is briefing on safety and first-aid. The briefing also depends on the sector that we are flying. If it’s a sector like Goa, then we know people are in a holiday mood and we ensure that during the flight the atmosphere is maintained. In Mumbai-Delhi flights, there are chances of meeting celebrities, corporate customers. Many of them prefer to be left alone, and we make sure that they are not disturbed. Then there are people who are travelling for the first time. We watch out for them. If someone has a birthday, we ensure there is a celebration with whatever that is available with us. (This article was published on March 21, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS lifestyle and leisure | lifestyle (general) | travel and commuting | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Life at 39,000 feet Tata Tigor Review Spot the television Spin this one around The boomerang effect Local logistics start-up Blowhorn raises ₹25 cr ‘Humility is one of the big things I value’ The 12-digit conundrum Managing fleet in real time Dominar 400 takes the battle to the Royal Enfield turf Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Deepa files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll 18 min. ago Tata Chemicals collaborates with IIT-Gandhinagar for research 30 min. ago Port unions plan stir from April 19 1 hr. 17 min. ago South Indian Bank introduces Aadhar-based payment app 1 hr. 23 min. ago Singapore DTAA: India notifies third Protocol 1 hr. 36 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Flight Plan Soaring in the sky on International Women’s Day Air India takes 70 women, including those who have never flown, on a joy ride » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, March 23, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President House G.O.P. Searches for Votes to Repeal Obamacare By THOMAS KAPLAN and ROBERT PEAR 7:15 AM ET Hardline conservatives will meet Thursday morning with President Trump to hammer out changes to the House bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They are pressing to eliminate federal requirements that health insurance plans provide basic benefits like maternity care, emergency services and wellness visits. Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Covering Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Health Bill Teeters as Fence-Sitters Face Pressure From Party How House Republicans Are Planning to Vote In Greeting to Iran, Trump Leaves Out Their Government By MARK LANDLER 5:00 AM ET The White House sent out a greeting to the Iranian people for Nowruz, the Persian New Year. Hard-liners stripped it of references to engaging with the country’s government.  Comments Gorsuch Completes a 20-Hour Test. So How Did He Do? By MATT FLEGENHEIMER, ADAM LIPTAK, CHARLIE SAVAGE and CARL HULSE 5:00 AM ET Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee, went through three days of hearings that left the Senate Judiciary Committee where it began. 1:43 Gorsuch Is an Originalist. What’s That? By NEETI UPADHYE and DAVE HORN Democrats Fail to Move Gorsuch Beyond Generalities Highlights From Day 3 Breaking News Suspect in Threats to U.S. Jewish Centers Is Arrested in Israel By ADAM GOLDMAN and ALAN BLINDER 9:29 AM ET The authorities said the suspect, a citizen of the U.S. and Israel, masked the origin of his communications to American synagogues. The Daily 360 2:15 What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation David Maurice Smith for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. More News Death on a Prison Bus as Safety Improvements Lag In Liability Case for Police Shootings, Court Shows Divide U.S. Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Title New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day The driver crashed the vehicle and was later killed by police. BIG BEN Direction of vehicle The bridge leads to buildings where members of Parliament were gathered. Many were wounded, and at least two were killed. A driver mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London. Direction of vehicle Composite image by The New York Times based on aerial footage by CNN ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ British Leader Says By DAN BILEFSKY, STEPHEN CASTLE and PRASHANT S. RAO 7:23 AM ET Prime Minister Theresa May described the assailant in Wednesday’s attack in London as British-born. Eight people had been arrested and ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. Terror Attack Strikes Heart of London By KATRIN BENNHOLD and STEPHEN CASTLE After ramming his vehicle into dozens of pedestrians, the suspect ran toward Parliament, where he fatally stabbed a police officer.  Comments What We Know and What We Don’t Know 4:43 AM ET Tributes Pour In for Constable Stabbed to Death 9:10 AM ET Donald Trump Jr. Criticizes London Mayor After Attack Your Thursday Briefing By CHRIS STANFORD 8:59 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. New York Today: Spring Cleaning 5:55 AM California Today: Measuring the Snowpack From the Sky By MIKE McPHATE 8:49 AM ET A new way to measure the Sierra snow, the governor’s impassioned speech on health care, and readers on a controversial I.C.E. practice. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Republicans control the government. So why, as they head to a vote on the Republican health care plan, is the bill so disliked — and the party so divided? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix When Decorating Styles Clash By MICHELLE HIGGINS For couples or roommates with different tastes, finding a happy compromise can be challenging. But it’s not impossible.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer Depressed by Politics? Just Let Go By ARTHUR C. BROOKS Stop obsessively checking the latest news on Twitter, CNN and Facebook and you’ll be happier.  Comments Taliban Take a District That Many Marines Died to Keep By TAIMOOR SHAH and ROD NORDLAND 9:12 AM ET The yearslong offensive in Sangin, a district in southern Afghanistan, took the lives of more combatants than any other fight for territory in the country. From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow By MIKE McPHATE, DEREK WATKINS and JIM WILSON Using NASA data, we compared this year's snowpack in the Sierra Nevada with that of 2015, when the state was in the grip of drought. AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube By SAPNA MAHESHWARI and DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI Several companies said they planned the decision after their ads appeared alongside videos that promoted hate speech. Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Clippers’ ball-hawking guard has paid a price — multiple injuries to his fingers — for collecting more steals than any other active N.B.A. player. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER Kory Stamper reveals the secret life of dictionaries in her book “Word by Word,” and in a visit to headquarters (oddities in the basement included).  Comments John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants a Chance. By JOE COSCARELLI 5:00 AM ET After more than five years of self-imposed pop exile, this guitar virtuoso wants another blockbuster album. Then he hopes to settle down. State Senator Is Charged With Election Law Violation By JESSE McKINLEY 8:05 AM ET Though Robert G. Ortt, a Republican New York senator, denies wrongdoing, the indictment adds to a list of public officials who have faced charges of corruption. The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Best of Late Night: Colbert on a Sex Scandal The “Late Show” host fretted that he was spending so much time on President Trump, he didn’t have time for the most obvious material. 36 Hours in San Antonio Known for its 15-mile riverside promenade, which opened in 1941, the city offers a version of Texas that mixes traditional with innovative. ‘Love Actually’ Children, Grown Up and Reunited Thomas Brodie-Sangster, now more familiar from “Game of Thrones,” and Olivia Olson are taking part in a short film based on the original romantic comedy. The Opinion Pages Editorial President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Forcing local authorities to help round up unauthorized immigrants is wrong on both practical and constitutional grounds.  Comments Editorial: Predator Colleges May Thrive Again Blow: Birth of the Biggest Lie Kristof: ‘There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air’ A ‘Stand Your Ground’ Expansion That Expands Inequality How Martin Schulz Could Beat Angela Merkel 5:14 AM ET What a Le Pen Win Would Look Like By MATTHEW J. GOODWIN 4:10 AM ET The National Front leader is a serious contender for the French presidency. What Does It Take to Climb Up the Ladder? By THOMAS B. EDSALL Cognitive skills are important, but so are strengths that fall under the heading of what is sometimes called character.  Comments Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work How the Depressed Find Solace on Yik Yak Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story ‘Highly Unusual’: The New Business as Usual? Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Baseball Japan’s Double Threat: A Tricky Path to the Majors Opinion Why Trump’s N.I.H. Cuts Should Worry Us Books Dissident Book Smuggled From North Korea Arts A Hong Kong Streetcar That Cuts Through Time Opinion Don’t Let the Anti-L.G.B.T. Bigots Win Travel Tulips, Windmills and Barnyard Animals Baseball Yankees’ 2nd Chance With Star Who Got Away Opinion ‘Cure’ Me? No, Thanks Art & Design Sculptor Robert Morris, at 86, Is Still Blazing Trails Opinion Op-Docs: How Does Life Live? Dance Ballerinas Step in New Dance Directions Hockey A Determined Champion for Women’s Hockey Sections World » ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ Theresa May Proclaims After U.K. Parliament Attack Among the Victims of the London Attack: Keith Palmer and Aysha Frade London Attack: What We Know and Don’t Know Business Day » AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises ‘Turkish Trump,’ a Hotel Plan and a Tangle of Foreign Ties Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work Editorial: President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Frank Bruni: Tweeting Toward Oblivion U.S. » From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow Death on a Prison Bus: Extradition Companies’ Safety Improvements Lag Eyeing Trump’s Budget Plan, Republican Governors Say ‘No, Thanks’ Technology » China Bets on Sensitive U.S. Start-Ups, Worrying the Pentagon State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. Airbnb’s Rivals in China Hold Hands in a Nervous New Market Arts » John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants Another Chance. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Art Review: Lygia Pape’s Brazil, From the Beach to the Barricades Politics » Nunes Puts Credibility of House Panel He Leads in Doubt House Republicans Search for Votes to Repeal Obamacare In Greeting to Iranian People, Trump Leaves Out Their Government Fashion & Style » This Artist Is Calvin Klein’s Latest Muse Now on Twitter: Chelsea Clinton, Unbound Critical Shopper: The Man Who Loathed Pajamas Movies » ‘Love Actually’ Youngsters, Grown Up and Reunited for a Short Sequel Review: ‘Wilson,’ With Woody Harrelson as a Misanthrope In a Surprise, the Overseas Movie Box Office Shows No Growth New York » New York Today: New York Today: Spring Cleaning Suspect in Manhattan Killing Hated Black Men, Police Say Records Leak in Eric Garner Case Renews Debate on Police Discipline Sports » United States 8, Puerto Rico 0: United States Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Classic Title Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers Sports of The Times: For Kansas Coach Bill Self, a Busy Year Keeping Players in Line Theater » Two Female Playwrights Arrive on Broadway. What Took So Long? Well, Hello, Dollys! His Idea for Fighting Terrorism? Funny Plays Science » Shaking Up the Dinosaur Family Tree A Scholarly Sting Operation Shines a Light on ‘Predatory’ Journals Matter: A New Form of Stem-Cell Engineering Raises Ethical Questions Obituaries » Dallas Green, Who Led the Phillies to Their First Title, Dies at 82 Skip Williamson, Underground Cartoonist, Dies at 72 George Weinberg Dies at 86; Coined ‘Homophobia’ After Seeing Fear of Gays Television » Review: From Ireland, a Rebounding Lawyer and a Crusading Journalist Selena Gomez (and Others) on Adapting ‘Thirteen Reasons Why’ for Netflix The Americans: ‘The Americans’ Season 5, Episode 3 Recap: More Than This Health » As Rivals Stand Silent, One Health Insurer Protests G.O.P. Plan New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day Phys Ed: Should 15,000 Steps a Day Be Our New Exercise Target? Travel » What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation 36 Hours: 36 Hours in San Antonio Essay: Security Lines and Flight Delays? This Kid’s in Paradise Books » Books of The Times: ‘Cork Dork’ Sniffs, Swills and Spits Through the World of Wine Experts A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Books of The Times: ‘The Death of Expertise’ Explores How Ignorance Became a Virtue Education » Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises Mary Maples Dunn, Advocate of Women’s Colleges, Dies at 85 Food » The Death and Rebirth of the Duncan Grapefruit Her Memory Fading, Paula Wolfert Fights Back With Food Restaurant Review: Testing the Limits of Trust, and Sushi, at Sugarfish Sunday Review » On Campus: How Liberal Colleges Breed Conservative Firebrands Editorial: President Trump’s Wheezing Jobs Effort Frank Bruni: The Horror of Smug Liberals Real Estate » What You Get: $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois Exclusive: Greta Garbo’s East Side Co-op Goes on the Market Living In: Lenox Hill: A Neighborhood of Amenities The Upshot » Public Health: Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Which Republicans Will Vote No? What 8 News Organizations Are Reporting Public Health: Is the G.O.P. Better Off Politically if the Health Bill Doesn’t Pass? Magazine » The Voyages Issue: In the Land of Giants The Voyages Issue: Why Does Mount Rushmore Exist? The Voyages Issue: An Improbable 6,000-Mile Boat Trip Around the East Coast Automobiles » China’s Taxes on Imported Cars Feed Trade Tensions With U.S. Driven: Video Review: Not-So-Standard Equipment on the Otherwise Standard Corolla State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. T Magazine » An All-Gray Apartment That’s Not Blah — But Not Hygge Either Oversize Pearls — in Unusual Shapes and Sizes Cross-Fit Fashion Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Swallowed Cigarette Butt and Other Legends of President Duterte What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois By VIVIAN MARINO An 1854 rowhouse in Baltimore; a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., home with a landscaped atrium; and a Victorian house in Chicago Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 23 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Intrepid places 2 B777 aircraft on lease with Philippine Airlines By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 21, 2017 Intrepid Aviation has announced an agreement with Philippine Airlines for the long-term lease of two new B777-300ER aircraft, as a result placing the remaining two B777´s under its 2014 purchase agreement with Boeing, the company said. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery to the Philippine flag carrier in December 2017 and will support its growth and fleet modernization objectives. Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor that invests in and manages a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. The company is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. Intrepid Aviation´s shareholders are Reservoir Capital Group LLC, established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach that has approximately USD 7bn in assets under management, and Centerbridge Partners, LP, a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately USD 25bn in capital under management. Related posts FedEx Express to begin Liege-Memphis flight March 22, 2017 FedEx Express (FedEx) will begin operating a new flight linking TNT´s European air hub in... FCM Travel Solutions partners with AirPlus International in the US business travel market March 22, 2017 AirPlus International Inc. and FCM Travel Solutions have formed a partnership in the United States... Flexjet marketing team wins 5 Cleveland ADDY awards March 22, 2017 Flexjet LLC has received five 2016 American Advertising (ADDY) Awards at the American Advertising Federation... Burnham Sterling supports financing for Avianca Holdings March 22, 2017 Burnham Sterling & Co. LLC , a financial advisory firm specializing in transportation assets, has... Orbit Communications' 3D Audio boosts pilots' awareness, reduces workload, increases flight safety March 22, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI) has announced that 3D Audio is now being offered... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Delta to add Seattle to Chicago-O'Hare flights in June 2017 FLYHT releases new software » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Sections Deseret NewsOpinion Opinion In our opinion: 'Talent Ready Utah' is one solution to Utah's workforce woes By Deseret News editorial Published: March 21, 2017 5:00 a.m. Updated: March 20, 2017 10:10 p.m. 2 Comments 1 of 1 View 1 Item Adobe Stock photo If the state wants to make a significant impact on upward social mobility, it could work harder to recruit and retain more students from lower-income and less-advantaged households. To sustain a growing economy, Utah needs a skilled workforce. And yet the state is struggling to keep up. The new “Talent Ready Utah” program, led by Gov. Gary Herbert and the Governor’s Office of Economic Development or GOED, offers one potential solution to Utah’s workforce woes. According to Val Hale, executive director of GOED, one thing that’s holding back Utah’s otherwise robust economy is a properly trained workforce. Their solution is to create partnerships between public education, industry and the state, recruiting businesses that will “invest in local and higher education to better prepare the state’s future workforce.” The Governor’s Office hopes that the Talent Ready Utah program will help the Beehive State achieve Gov. Gary Herbert’s goal of 40,000 new “high-skill, high-paying jobs” by 2021. The program desires to replicate with other businesses the partnerships Utah has already built with aerospace manufacturers. The Utah Aerospace Pathways program allows workers and high schoolers to graduate or earn significant credit toward a certificate in aerospace manufacturing with the opportunity to begin working directly for a company like Boeing as a machinist, technician, assembler or inspector. Meanwhile, the aerospace manufacturing certificate is also “stackable” toward a four-year university program. Some employers even pay tuition expenses for hires who are willing to stick around. This kind of collaboration is not only helpful in aligning educational training with industry, but it also can potentially help Utahns rise out of difficult socio-economic situations. Earlier this year, the Equality of Opportunity Project released a “Mobility Report Card” ranking schools nationwide based on their ability to improve intergenerational mobility as measured by the percent of students that come from the lowest economic quintile that, by their 30s, have personal income levels in the highest quintile. According to this metric, Utah schools do not perform well. While the research found that the state’s colleges and universities produced many high-income earners, relatively few came from the ranks of the lowest economic quintile. What’s more, Utah universities are among the very lowest in the country when it comes to successfully recruiting students from low-income households. The Talent Ready Utah program may represent one method to improve upward mobility. Ideally, these industry pathways could help economically disadvantaged students earn wages and benefits right out of high school with an industry certification. Down the road, the certification could be used toward a college degree that may even be paid for by an employer. With that said, when there’s talk of industry partnerships with higher education, some within the academy may fear a scenario in which industry, rather than the universities, begin calling the shots in terms of graduation requirements and thereby potentially encroach on the important principle of academic freedom. While such concerns are not altogether unfounded, the experience with the Utah Aerospace Pathways program demonstrates that partnerships between education, industry and government can in fact be fruitful exchanges. Indeed, these partnerships also offer the possibility that industry leaders will learn from educators, and vice versa, and that Utahns across the economic spectrum will benefit from the increased opportunities that result. Like that? Read this. Opinion yesterday Derek B. Miller: Utah is setting the example for global leadership Opinion March 20, 2017 In our opinion: Utah once again in the bottom-tier of states for voter turnout Sponsored by Summit Vista No headline The PopuList 1 Inside the newsroom: The importance of a story on nude selfies 2 Michael Gerson: Trump's disturbing fondness for Andrew Jackson 3 My view: Pres. Trump has one thing right 4 Dan Liljenquist: Being ambassador to Russia in the era of Putinism 5 George Will: Questions for Judge Gorsuch View all for Opinion most Commented 43 In our opinion: Utah once again in the bottom-tier of states for voter turnout 35 In our opinion: College campuses should practice more civility 32 Letter: Open state lines 31 My view: News media need to report the full story 26 My view: Pres. Trump has one thing right 23 Letter: Drink not drive 22 Richard Davis: Democrats should take the moral high ground on Judge Gorsuch 19 Letter: Not caring Thursday, March, 23, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
March 21, 2017Past issuesFeeds The Newsstand Contact Facebook Twitter Jobs Home New York National Caribbean Sports Entertainment Features Calendar March 21, 2017 / Caribbean St. Vincent to welcome Dynamic Int. Airways By Tangerine Clarke Share on TwitterTweet Share on Facebook Subscribe Get our stories in your inbox, free. Like Caribbean Life on Facebook. Similar stories New York: Ex-baby sitter receives independence honor New York: St. Vincent Opposition Leader holds town hall meeting in Brooklyn Caribbean: SVG nursing, renal failure groups stage inaugural major health fair New York: SVG PM honors Brooklyn Day Care executive with ‘Certificate of Appreciation’ New York: Dynamic Airways returns with seasonal flights to Guyana New York: Feds probe near collision involving Caribbean Airways Permalink Email to a friend Your name Your email address Recipients’ email addresses (Up to ten, separated by commas.) With the brand new 9000 ft. Argyle International Airport now in place, Consul General of St, Vincent and Grenadines to New York, H.E. Howie M. Prince, said his country would welcome the arrival of Greensboro North Carolina Dynamic International Airways planned service from JFK to the Eastern Caribbean island in the near future. During an invited comment at an appreciation cocktail reception hosted by the partnership of Dynamic International Airways and Guyana’s Roraima Airways on March 9 at South Richmond Hill Zen Lounge, the diplomat said the ushering-in of the new alliance with the people of Guyana and Dynamic Int. Airways would foster the country’s development. CG Prince recalled when the St. Vincent Ministry of Education needed mathematics teachers, the country turned to Guyana to educate students in primary schools, and stated that the two countries have had a long-standing relationship, and as such, thanked Captain Gerry Gouveir of Roraima Airways, Guyana, and Dynamic International Airways for the splendid job did of flying a 767 Boeing aircraft on Feb. 14, during the inauguration ceremony at Argyle International Airport. He said, Argyle, a once small airport, hampered by heavy rainfall, and high wind, and formally accommodated only small planes and a few private jets, with flights to Trinidad, Barbados and Grenada, can now receive 767 aircraft. Demonstrating with a miniature model Dynamic airplane in hand, Prince, who said he was in New York during the inauguration, but saw it all on video, moved the miniature plane into the air then in downward motion to show how the plane landed at Argyle International Airport, to cheers of some 50,000 Vincentians who had camped out from the night before to witness history. “Our tourism office in New York has already received interests from travel agents and people from around the world, unrepresented, since the inauguration of Argyle International Airport.” He called on entrepreneurs to invest in St. Vincent, since the island represents a new frontier for business. “We do not have any hotels with more than 200 rooms. If you are a hotel developer, there is prime space and opportunity for development.” “Agro processing is waiting for development via a new bridge and gateway now that the new Argyle International Airport is open, and when airlines like Dynamic Int. Airways commences service. “I want to thank Dynamic Airways and all those persons who have been a part of making sure that dream that we had, become a real reality, said CG Prince, who looks forward to a rich relationship between the Dynamic International Airways and St. Vincent and the Grenadines. “We thank you from the bottom of our hearts,” he added. ©2017 Community News Group Today’s news: Arts & Theater: ‘GOLD’ STRIKE Brooklyn: Prom kicks: Annual drive to collect shoes for prom Books: Marie Vieux-Chauvet’s ‘Dance on the Volcano’ Share on TwitterTweet Share on Facebook Subscribe Get our stories in your inbox, free. Like Caribbean Life on Facebook. Reader feedback Enter your comment below Name: Neighborhood: By submitting this comment, you agree to the following terms: You agree that you, and not CaribbeanLifeNews.com or its affiliates, are fully responsible for the content that you post. You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening or sexually-oriented material or any material that may violate applicable law; doing so may lead to the removal of your post and to your being permanently banned from posting to the site. You grant to CaribbeanLifeNews.com the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual and fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content in whole or in part world-wide and to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. Links Sister sites Bar & Bat Mitzvah Guide Bronx Times Brooklyn Daily The Brooklyn Paper CNG Business Directory New York Post NY Parenting Learn to Earn! Prom Experience TimesLedger Wall Street Journal Wedding Pride
Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Discovery Vietnamplus Search × Categories Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Media Center Photo Video Infographics Timeline Thursday, March 23, 2017 - 20:38:24 Thang Long - Hanoi Fatherland Sea & Islands Tiếng Việt  |  English  |  Français  |  Español  |  中文 Sci-Tech Vietnam attends international maritime, aerospace exhibition VNA Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - 16:37:00 Print Vietnam delegation at the exhibition (Photo: VNA) Kuala Lumpur (VNA) – Vietnam has joined other 35 countries in the Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition 2017 (LIMA 217), which opened at Mahsuri International Exhibition Centre, Langkawi, Malaysia on March 21. The Vietnamese delegation is led by Lieutenant General Phan Van Giang, Chief of the General Staff of the Vietnam People’s Army. With the participation of 550 enterprises, including top arms-producing companies like Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Airbus and Thales, this year event is considered to be the biggest ever. Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and autonomous underwater vehicles (AUV) will be displayed at the exhibition for the first time. According to the organising board, ASEAN Aviation Summit, Air Chiefs Conference and Chief of Navy Roundtable Talks will be included in the event. The frigate HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang left Vietnam on March 15 to attend the five-day event for the first time. The ship participates in LIMA 2017 with 140 officers and crew members on board, the Quan Doi Nhan Dan (People’s Army Newspaper) reported. The participation is to show the determination and consistent viewpoint of the Party, State, and army to international integration and cooperation. It also aims to enhance relations between the Vietnam People’s Navy with its counterparts from the host Malaysia and other Asian nations and help ensure regional maritime safety and security. HQ-011 Dinh Tien Hoang is scheduled to take part in the event’s ship review and maritime demonstration alongside several exercises, including a rescue operation. Held biennially since its debut in 1991, LIMA is an ideal platform where industry stakeholders could engage and expand their networks towards forging new partnerships and business agreements. Its insightful round tables and conferences as well as business forums offer access to invaluable information that enables businesses to stay ahead of the competition and seize new opportunities in the dynamic market of Asia Pacific.-VNA Related News Vietnam attends int'l maritime, aerospace showcase Vietjet closes 3-bln-USD engine deal at Singapore Airshow Vietjet signs billion-USD deals at 2016 Air Show Vietnam attends Langkawi maritime, aerospace exhibition International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition 2017 maritime aerospace Malaysia Vietnam Your comments about this article ... Submit Cancel Others 21/03/2017 Scientist manages to turn wastewater into drinkable 20/03/2017 Toyota provides training facilities with technical equipment 17/03/2017 HCM City: First startup firm in IC development established 15/03/2017 Robot Talent Contest for students announced 14/03/2017 Vietnam, Angola seek closer telecom cooperation 14/03/2017 Vietnam, RoK seek cooperation in renewable energy 13/03/2017 Hackers behind attacks on airport websites identified 12/03/2017 HCM aims for "smart city" status Most Popular 22/03/2017 Sci-Tech Vietnam calls for US cooperation in building smart cities 17/03/2017 Sci-Tech HCM City: First startup firm in IC development established 21/03/2017 Sci-Tech Vietnam attends international maritime, aerospace exhibition Intellectual Property Terms Of Use RSS Support Languages VNA News Service Advertisement Contact © Copyright, VietnamPlus, Vietnam News Agency (VNA). Editor-in-chief, Mr. Le Quoc Minh. Licence No. 1374/GP-BTTTT dated September 11, 2008 by the Ministry of Information and Communications. Tel: (+84 4) 3941.1349 - Fax: (+84 4) 3941.1348 - Email: vietnamplus@vnanet.vn POWERED BY
Latest News Dow 20,662 +0.52 +0.00% Nasdaq 5,818 -4.12 -0.07% S&P 500 2,349 +0.20 +0.01% 9:37 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops after profit outlook was below expectations 9:36 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Press Release Flight Simulator Market Trends, Industry Share Report by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 By Published: Mar 21, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share PUNE, India, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ReportsnReports.com recently published Global Flight Simulator Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 report. The report focuses on the Flight Simulator in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse 152 Exhibits, 7 Major Company Profiles, spread across 119 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/921949-global-flight-simulator-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022.html. Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers are CAE, L3 Technologies, FlightSafety International, Thales, Rockwell Collins, Boeing and Textron Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers: North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) and Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers FFS (Full Flight Simulator), FTD (Flight Training Devices) and Other Types (FBS/FMS) Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Military Application and Commercial Application There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Flight Simulator market. Chapter 1, to describe Flight Simulator Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Flight Simulator, with sales, revenue, and price of Flight Simulator, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Order a Copy of Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=921949. Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Flight Simulator, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Flight Simulator market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Flight Simulator sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source Related Reports:     Global (North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) Flight Simulator Market 2017 Forecast to 2022 Global Helicopter Simulator Market 2016-2020 Global Flight Management Systems (FMS) Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Explore more reports on Automotive at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/automotive/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2 [nd] Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411013. Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:   LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
null
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate A drawing of the planned Lynnwood Link Light Rail station. [1] Bike racks; [2] parking garage; [3] station entrance; [4] elevator; [5] elevated platform. (Sound Transit) Trump budget jeopardizes Lynnwood light rail, Swift bus Noah Haglund Fri Mar 17th, 2017 5:32am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — President Donald Trump’s “America First” budget proposal would pull up the drawbridge on federal funding for light rail to Lynnwood and other major regional mass-transit projects. The financial plan, released Thursday, could take away nearly $1.2 billion in New Starts grants for the Northgate-to-Lynnwood light-rail route. That could delay the project, currently slated to start service in 2023. Leaders at Community Transit, meanwhile, are in talks with Washington’s congressional delegation to save $48 million in federal money for a new Swift bus rapid-transit line between the Boeing Co.’s Everett plant and Bothell’s Canyon Park area. A federal transportation grant program that has helped pay for infrastructure projects in Everett, Mukilteo and elsewhere in Snohomish County also would be on the chopping block. Washington state’s Democratic lawmakers panned the Republican president’s plans. “In the Pacific Northwest transportation means jobs, and a healthy American economy cannot exist without the efficient movement of goods and people,” said U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen, a senior member of a House committee that oversees transportation issues. “The president is taking a sledgehammer to America’s infrastructure.” Trump’s budget outlines big policy shifts for the U.S. Department of Transportation. It would only honor federal New Starts capital investment grants already signed by the Federal Transit Administration. That would affect 57 projects. The seven in Washington include light rail to Lynnwood and Community Transit’s second Swift bus line. The proposed budget would end federal support for Amtrak’s long-distance trains and get rid of a subsidy for commercial service at rural airports. After Trump’s victory in November, Sound Transit CEO Peter Rogoff expressed doubts about any radical changes for mass-transit funding, noting that such projects have typically enjoyed bipartisan support. The regional transit agency covering parts of Snohomish, King and Pierce counties was banking on $7.7 billion in federal funds for projects approved by voters in 2008 and 2016, spokesman Geoff Patrick said. Of those grants, more than $5 billion were from New Starts. The agency expected federal officials to sign off on the Lynnwood Link extension later this year. Designs are almost complete for the 8.5-mile segment with stops in Lynnwood, Mountlake Terrace and Shoreline. Sound Transit also had been relying on $500 million from New Starts to build out Link light rail to Federal Way. Several other projects could face funding challenges, leaving the agency’s board of directors with difficult decisions. “In many cases we likely will be able to continue forward with local funding, but that requires a longer period of tax collection to raise the funds,” Patrick said. “And potentially heavier use of bonds, higher interest costs, things like that.” Community Transit is hoping Congress approves money for its second Swift rapid-transit bus line. Construction is still scheduled to proceed in May on the Seaway Transit Center, across from the entrance to Boeing’s Everett plant. That would be the northern terminus of the route, also known as the Swift Green Line. Service had been scheduled to start in 2019. The project was in line for federal grants from a program called Small Starts, which is separate from New Starts, Community Transit spokesman Martin Munguia said. If it doesn’t materialize this year, it could delay the purchase of buses and work building 30 stations on the route from Paine Field to Canyon Park, via 128th Street and the Bothell-Everett Highway. U.S. Sen. Patty Murray said she would fight to save the TIGER grant program she created in 2009. Since its inception, the program has awarded $5.1 billion nationwide, including $239 million for 16 projects in Washington. The name is an acronym for Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery. “To see the president just zero out programs and try to cut off project funding demonstrates this administration’s complete disregard for working families in Washington state and in communities across this country,” Murray said. A $10 million TIGER grant was awarded last summer to the Port of Everett to improve cargo-loading areas. Another $10 million grant in 2015 went toward future improvements at the Mukilteo ferry terminal. Those funds are not at risk. Noah Haglund: 425-339-3465; nhaglund@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @NWhaglund.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Satellite Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions Pune, India - March 21, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Satellite Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Satellite -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022" To Its Research Database This report studies sales (consumption) of Satellite in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Boeing Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman Corporation Space Systems Loral Airbus Defence and Space Orbital Sciences OHB Thales Alenia Space APCO Technologies ATC China Great Wall Indutry Comtech Telecommunications Globalstar GlobeComm Systems Harris Huawei Hughes Satellite Systems Indian Space Research Organisation Iridium Communications L-3 Communications Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/967756-global-satellite-sales-market-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Satellite in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Communication Satellite Meteorological Satellite Navigation Satellite Reconnaissance Satellite Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Satellite in each application, can be divided into Commercial Military Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/967756-global-satellite-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Satellite Sales Market Report 2017 1 Satellite Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Satellite 1.2 Classification of Satellite 1.2.1 Communication Satellite 1.2.2 Meteorological Satellite 1.2.3 Navigation Satellite 1.2.4 Reconnaissance Satellite 1.2.5 Other 1.3 Application of Satellite 1.3.1 Commercial 1.3.2 Military 1.4 Satellite Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Satellite (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Satellite Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Satellite Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) .... 9 Global Satellite Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Boeing 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Boeing Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Lockheed Martin 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Lockheed Martin Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Space Systems Loral 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Space Systems Loral Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Airbus Defence and Space 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Airbus Defence and Space Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Orbital Sciences 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 Orbital Sciences Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 OHB 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 OHB Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Thales Alenia Space 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Thales Alenia Space Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 APCO Technologies 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 APCO Technologies Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 ATC 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 ATC Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 China Great Wall Indutry 9.12 Comtech Telecommunications 9.13 Globalstar 9.14 GlobeComm Systems 9.15 Harris 9.16 Huawei 9.17 Hughes Satellite Systems 9.18 Indian Space Research Organisation 9.19 Iridium Communications 9.20 L-3 Communications 9.21 Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=967756 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/satellite-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/171542 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/967756-global-satellite-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 171542 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Jobs Board Community Calendar Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Public Safety Michael Theodore Mordaunt sentenced for using social media with intent to commit lewd acts March 20th, 2017 courtesy Crime, Cypress, Public Safety 0 comments A man was sentenced to 12 years in state prison today for contacting underage victims through social media with the intent of committing lewd acts. Michael Theodore Mordaunt, 47, Cypress, pleaded guilty to 19 felony counts of contacting a child with the intent to commit a specified crime, five felony counts of lewd acts upon a child age 14 or 15,two felony counts of lewd acts upon a child under 14, three felony counts of meeting a minor with the intent to engage in lewd conduct, one felony count of possession and control of child pornography, and a sentencing enhancement allegation for substantial sexual conduct with a child. In addition to prison, Mordaunt was also sentenced to mandatory lifetime sex offender registration. At the time of the crime, Mordaunt was working in the Information Technology Department of the Boeing Company in Seal Beach. Between Feb. 25, 2009, and Jan. 15, 2014, Mordaunt created several Myspace and Facebook accounts using the image of a young teenage boy who is surfing. He contacted minor girls, primarily between the ages of 12 and 16 years old, with the intent to commit lewd acts on the victims. He contacted minor Jane Does using these social networking websites as well as through text messages and phone calls. Mordaunt had sexually explicit conversations and attempted to meet with the victims. The defendant requested and received sexually explicit pictures from several victims. On multiple occasions, Mordaunt committed lewd acts on multiple Jane Does. In 2013, Cypress Police Department and Garden Grove Police Department began separate investigations related to this case. The case turned into a joint investigation with the assistance from the Anaheim, La Palma, Los Alamitos, and Seal Beach Police Departments, the Orange County Child Exploitation Task Force, and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations. Deputy District Attorney Bobby Taghavi of the Sexual Assault Unit prosecuted this case. This article was released by the Orange County District Attorney’s Office. Tags crime Cypress CA Cypress Police Department Orange County CA Orange County District Attorney's Office Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Weather in northwest Orange County for Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Previous article Get free admission, screening of The Jungle Book at Queen Mary courtesy This author is used when OC Breeze publishes news releases from other organizations. Related Posts Buena Park March 22nd, 2017 Buena Park Police seeking three suspects in Franklin Avenue murder Community March 21st, 2017 La Palma police blotter, March 9 to March 15, 2017 Community March 21st, 2017 Cypress police blotter, March 12 to March 17, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come Benjamin Zhang Mar. 21, 2017, 10:30 PM 69,041 facebook linkedin twitter email print An Emirates Airbus A380. AP On Tuesday, the US Department of Homeland Security announced the introduction of an electronic-device ban for flights coming to the US from 10 airports in the Middle East and Africa. Many of the eight affected airlines seemed to have been blindsided by the news. With only four days to comply, it's still uncertain how many of the carriers will be able to work out the logistics of the ban. In addition, the thought process behind the decision and the intelligence on which the ban has been based remain unclear. Terrorist threat According to senior administration officials, the decision to implement these security measures is a result of intelligence showing a risk for terrorist activity involving commercial aviation. "Evaluated intelligence indicates that terrorist groups continue to target commercial aviation and are aggressively pursuing innovative methods to undertake their attacks, to include smuggling explosive devices in various consumer items," an official said on Monday. Whatever this intelligence consists of, it was substantial enough for the national-security apparatus to act. Mike Nudelman/BI Graphics According to James Norton, who served as deputy assistant secretary of the DHS during the George W. Bush administration, security actions such as this will take place if there is evidence of a credible threat. An example of this happened in 2006 when the Bush administration issued an immediate ban on liquids after law enforcement in the UK foiled a terrorist plot to blow up airliners traveling across the Atlantic using liquid explosives, Norton told Business Insider. Confusing, however, was that the UK issued a similar ban Tuesday but excluded four airports — in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, in Doha, Qatar, and in Casablanca, Morocco — featured in the US ban. In addition, many in the aviation community question whether a ban of this type would even be effective in countering a terrorist attack. Doha, Dubai, and Abu Dhabi are major international transit hubs with extensive multilayered security procedures. US-bound flights are also screened in dedicated facilities using well-trained security professionals who often have experience in law enforcement or the military. Hamad International Airport in Doha, Qatar. Hamad International Airport In fact, Abu Dhabi International Airport is equipped with a US Customs and Border Protection preclearance facility where passengers and bags headed for the US are screened by US customs officials. Lithium-ion batteries The new rule is not an outright ban. Instead, it prohibits larger electronics such as laptops, cameras, and tablets from being brought into the cabin of the aircraft. This means they will most likely have to be stored inside the cargo hold of the aircraft with the checked luggage. Such behavior, however, is explicitly prohibited by the Federal Aviation Administration. "FAA battery fire testing has highlighted the potential risk of a catastrophic aircraft loss due to damage resulting from a lithium battery fire or explosion," the agency wrote in an alert in February. "Current cargo fire suppression systems cannot effectively control a lithium battery fire." Administration officials told journalists on Monday that they were working with the FAA to maintain a safe flying environment, but they did not state specifics. Business Insider asked DHS for specifics on Tuesday but has not yet heard back from officials. This is particularly concerning for Michael Mo, the cofounder and CEO of KULR Technologies, a company that specializes in thermal-management systems for batteries. "Lithium-ion batteries are inherently volatile with an average of one out of 5 million units expected to blow," Mo told Business Insider in an interview. "It's statistics. It's not a matter of if, but a matter of when one of these things blow. "So when that happens, it's better to have humans nearby to react and put out the fire." AP Spare lithium-ion batteries stored in a cargo hold could be particularly dangerous because they would be packed into checked suitcases that would most likely also include incredibly flammable items like hairspray or deodorant. Protectionist politics? Of the 10 airlines affected by the US ban, three — Emirates, Etihad, and Qatar Airways — have been at the heart of a heated rivalry with the US carriers American, Delta, and United, which are not affected. For some, the inclusion of these airlines seems too convenient to be a coincidence. "If you squint hard enough, there is some justification on a security basis for this, but the implementation has been haphazard and in manner that is particularly targeted at and does harm to the commercial interests of a set of airlines that has been the source of much competitive hand-wringing from US airlines," Airways senior business analyst Vinay Bhaskara told Business Insider. When asked about the topic on Monday, a senior administration official denied any relationship between the electronics ban and the feud between the American and Middle Eastern airlines. But the reasoning behind the UK's decision to exclude the Middle East's big three from its ban remains unclear, as it is believed that the UK government acted on the same intelligence as US officials. Business impact The immediate effect of the ban will most likely weaken the Persian Gulf's three mega-carriers along with Turkish Airlines, Bhaskara said. Based on the latest rankings from the respected consumer-aviation website Skytrax, Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, and Turkish Airlines represent the first-, second-, sixth-, and seventh-ranked carriers in the world. Since the US government's ban calls into question the security of their home airports, these airlines will have to contend with the resulting negative publicity and uncertainty among customers. A new Emirates ad argues that one doesn't need a laptop to have a good time aboard its flights. A Turkish Airlines Boeing 777. Boeing But many corporate customers do not allow their employees to ship work computers in their checked luggage. This is due to concerns over theft of equipment and any sensitive information stored on the computers. As a result, they may push some clients toward carriers that are not affected by the ban. No US carriers offer nonstop flights into the Middle East. As a result, they won't benefit directly. The ban, however, will most likely drive lucrative business travelers back toward European hubs such as Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam, and Paris. This means US airlines will benefit through joint ventures and alliance relationships with Lufthansa, British Airways, Air France, and KLM. That said, not all US carriers will benefit. Airlines like JetBlue and Alaska have partnership agreements with Emirates. A reduction in business for Emirates cuts into the number of passengers who depend on JetBlue's and Alaska's planes to connect them to secondary and tertiary cities in the US. A view of Qatar Airways' business-class section. Qatar Airways According to Bhaskara, the long-term effects of the ban are unclear. The strategic decisions the affected airlines and their competitors make will be determined by how long with ban is in place. Many of these questions will be answered, however, as airlines and the flying public work through the new guidelines. If you're currently a business traveler affected by the US laptop ban, you can share your story with transportation@businessinsider.com. SEE ALSO: The US government has banned laptops on some incoming flights from the Middle East and Africa NOW WATCH: This $41K plane ticket comes with a shower, bed, and butler service Loading video... More: BITranspo BI Graphics Airlines TSA facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come The US government's electronics ban blindsided the world's best airlines — and the worst could be yet to come On Tuesday, the US Department of Homeland... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Sink DJIA Tuesday By Paul Ausick March 21, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 21, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday but the retreat started early and continued for the rest of the day. Energy prices and concern over the fate of the healthcare bill under consideration in the U.S. House may have given traders pause. Only the utilities sector traded in the green, while financials and industrials were the day’s laggards. WTI crude oil for April delivery settled at $47.34 a barrel, down 1.8% on the day as the April contract expired. April gold added 1% on the day to settle at $1,246.50. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 1.13% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 1.25%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 1.77%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Tuesday was The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded down 3.79% at $232.97. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $255.15. Volume was about 25% above the daily average of around 3.5 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) which traded down 3.15% at $92.40. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.04 to $99.46. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 5 million shares. The company had no specific news. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 3.12% at $87.22. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 65% above the daily average of around 15 million. The big bank had no specific news. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 1.91% at $175.97. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 3.5 million shares. The company received an order valued at $1.43 billion from a Chinese lessor. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 5 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 25 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « More Cost Cuts Likely For Newspaper Industry–Moody’s Rite Aid, Valeant Drop into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 23rd, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News New security measure could cause travellers to reroute trips Poll Do you think the province should move quickly to enact laws banning minors from using tanning beds? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By David Koenig, The Associated Press on March 21, 2017. FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) DALLAS – A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travellers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice-president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day – there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents – the only one of its kind in the Middle East – allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines – American, Delta and United – lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by cancelling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips UPDATED: TUESDAY, MARCH 21, 2017, 2:58 P.M. An Etihad Airways plane prepares to land at the Abu Dhabi airport in the United Arab Emirates. Some travelers are reconsidering their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa due to a new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries. (Kamran Jebreili / Associated Press) By David Koenig Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS DALLAS – A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day – there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents – the only one of its kind in the Middle East – allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines – American, Delta and United – lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. Updated: March 21, 2017, 2:58 p.m.  Tags: Africa, airline security, Business travel, electronic devices, Middle East, Muslim countries Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Technology * Diversity * Black * More Tags... Industry News * Technology * More Industries... News By Place * Washington   District of Columbia   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 BEYA STEM Global Competiveness Conference   WASHINGTON - March 21, 2017 - PRLog -- Contact: Lango Deen Ldeen@ccgmag.com 410-244-7101 BEYA STEM Global Competiveness Washington Marriott Wardman Park, Washington, DC Conference:  February 9-11, 2017 More than 7,000 science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) students, professionals, and leaders are expected to attend the 31st BEYA STEM Global Competitiveness Conference, scheduled for February 9-11 2017 at the Washington Marriott Wardman Park in Washington, D.C. The annual BEYA Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Global Competitiveness Conference is one of the largest diversity events for scientists and engineers. The United States retains its place among the top five countries in the Global Competitiveness Index 2015–2016 Rankings. According to the report, America's major strength is its combination of exceptional innovation capacity, large market size, and sophisticated businesses. Innovation is driven by collaboration between firms and universities, availability of scientists and engineers, and company spending on research and development. BEYA STEM Global Competiveness Conference attendees have the opportunity to attend more than 55 professional development seminars alongside industry leaders representing Aerotek, Boeing, Boston Scientific, Exelon, FCA, , L-3, General Dynamics, GE, GM, Huntington Ingalls Industries, Lockheed Martin, MITRE, Leidos, NASA, Navy Civilian Careers, Northrop Grumman,  Raytheon, SAIC, over three days. Secure your BEYA STEM Conference seat today to learn, network and foster partnerships with peers and top employers in the STEM industry. http://www.ccgmag.com End Source : Career Communications Group Email : ***@ccgmag.com Posted By : ***@ccgmag.com Phone : 4102447101 Tags : Technology, Diversity, Black Industry : Technology Location : Washington - District of Columbia - United States Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Career Communications Group, Inc. PRs The BEYA Emerald Honors and Trailblazers Dinner Has A New Name Corning's Aleksandra Boskovic to Receive Technologist of the Year Award 21st Annual Women of Color STEM Conference Encourages STEM is a Girl Thing Career Communications Group Welcomes New Hire Kerry Buffington Career Communications Group Participates in Congressional Black Caucus Tech 2020 Initiative Trending News Tersus Environmental, LLC Enters Into Patent License for ISCR Technology Brooklyn Community Services Invites Volunteers to Spring into Action & Help Low-Income Brooklynites New Restaurant Food Safety White Paper Dr. Amanda Lloyd Receives Top Dermatologist Award Trucker Huss Attorney Eric Schillinger Contributes to BLR Federal Employment Law Insider Top Daily News Massive Networks Expands Mixed Carrier Ethernet to Midwest - 390 views Jeffrey Elenberger, DDS, (Orthodontist) Receives 2017 Best of Rocklin Award - 381 views United Premier Soccer League Announces IFX Ballistic as Northern California Expansion Team - 372 views AFS' Jonathan Greene Named to the 2017 Food Logistics' Champions: Rock Stars of the Supply Chain - 207 views Central Presbyterian Church announces An Evening with Anne Lamott - 204 views Top Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 15142 views Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 4110 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3314 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1808 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1758 views Top Daily News Massive Networks Expands Mixed Carrier Ethernet to Midwest - 390 views Jeffrey Elenberger, DDS, (Orthodontist) Receives 2017 Best of Rocklin Award - 381 views United Premier Soccer League Announces IFX Ballistic as Northern California Expansion Team - 372 views AFS' Jonathan Greene Named to the 2017 Food Logistics' Champions: Rock Stars of the Supply Chain - 207 views Central Presbyterian Church announces An Evening with Anne Lamott - 204 views Top Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 15142 views Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 4110 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3314 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1808 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1758 views PTC News Lennar's Meadow Creek Now Open for Information - 185 views Eagle Glen Coming Soon to Lake Stevens - 183 views Peters, Wesley, Phelps Twins, WWE Superstar Randy Orton Added To Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis - 151 views Mar 21, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video U.S. Politics Home» News» World Passengers arrive from international flights at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, on March 21, 2017. (DON EMMERT/AFP/Getty Images) Passengers arrive from international flights at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, on March 21, 2017. (DON EMMERT/AFP/Getty Images) New U.S. electronics ban could cause travellers to reroute trips Add to ... David Koenig DALLAS — The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Mar. 21, 2017 5:11PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Mar. 21, 2017 5:16PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print A new U.S. security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travellers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that passengers on U.S.-bound flights at 10 airports in the Middle East and North Africa will have to check electronics bigger than a cellphone. The only exception is for medical devices. Laptops, tablets, cameras and other gadgets will have to be placed in checked baggage. The order is a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the order could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice-president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned the order poses risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say the order will affect about 50 flights a day – there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents – the only one of its kind in the Middle East – allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines – American, Delta and United – lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by cancelling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail U.S. bans big electronics as carry-on items from 10 airports (Reuters)   More Related to this Story Canada mulls joining U.S., Britain on electronics ban for flights U.S. to ban passengers on some inbound flights from carrying larger electronics Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive We experience many firsts driving the Ferrari-fast Tesla Model X News Opinion: John Ibbitson: Liberal budget touts innovation, but really offers nothing Report on Business Budget 'business as usual' says TD's chief economist Technology Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone News Raw video shows aftermath of two incidents near the British parliament News Rona Ambrose, Tom Mulcair slam federal budget News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station Life Amputee man adopts amputee dog News PM May: London attacker was British born, known to intelligence services News British MP gives account of incidents at U.K. parliament News Police make arrests in probe into UK parliament attack Life Baby Dominique, born with four legs, recovering from surgery ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive Ten great cars for the realities of city driving Report on Business Study shows the power of entrepreneurship training programs for women, minorities More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor There’s always a reason to sell stocks Arts Canada Council cruises through budget as U.S. arts fund faces cuts Most popular U.K. attacker was British-born man; eight others arrested 2017 federal budget highlights: 10 things you need to know March 23: Your daily horoscope Ten ways the 2017 federal budget will affect your personal finances Liberals defer major tax pledge in 2017 federal budget X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Things to Read Resist Trump Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity Fringe Festival Women's History Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity Fringe Festival Women's History Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Personals Account Log in Sign up Features Mar 22, 2017 Is Anyone Going to Save the Endangered Killer Whales in Puget Sound Before It's Too Late? by Christopher Frizzelle J2, aka "Granny," is on the right, in a photo taken by drone in September. She's about to catch that salmon and feed it to J45, whose mother had just died. Granny herself went missing in October. NOAA/Vancouver Aquarium Tweet In September of 2016, the oldest living orca known to science, J2, was photographed near San Juan Island from a drone. Matriarch of the southern residents, a population of killer whales that lives in Puget Sound and is unique on the planet, J2 got her name because she was the second orca to be positively identified by scientists at the Center for Whale Research on San Juan Island during the first census of southern resident killer whales, conducted in 1976. The Center for Whale Research also assigns nicknames, and because J2 was so old when scientists first identified her, the nickname she got was "Granny." "We do not know her precise age because she was born long before our study began," Ken Balcomb, the marine mammal biologist who founded the Center for Whale Research, explained. "In 1987, we estimated that she was at least 45 years old and was more likely to have been 76 years old." By 2016, she was estimated to be somewhere from 74 to 105 years old. When she was seen near San Juan Island in September, she did not look good. Researchers from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Southwest Fisheries Science Center and Vancouver Aquarium noted J2's "thin body shape" and "relatively poor" condition. One thing that distinguishes southern residents from other kinds of killer whales is that southern residents eat only salmon. In fact, 80 percent of the southern resident diet is specifically Chinook salmon—and just like the southern residents themselves, Chinook salmon is on the endangered species list. There used to be plentiful Chinook salmon in local waters, especially where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean and where the Fraser River meets the Salish Sea, but now wild Chinook is scarce. Dr. Deborah Giles, research director for the Center for Whale Research, said Granny was in an "emaciated state" in the photos NOAA's drone took. And yet, even though Granny was herself clearly hungry, the documentation showed her hunting for food for a relative. "She was seen foraging for, pushing, basically corralling a fish toward her family member," said Dr. Giles, whose specialty is behavior. "It's incredible. The females really are the matriarchs of these family groups, and they do whatever they can [for others in their families] to the detriment of themselves. These whales cooperatively hunt. They forage and find fish and share fish with each other. That's just remarkable." The drone photography showed J2 and her relative J45 swimming side by side, a salmon swimming between them. "Ultimately, J2 captured the salmon and presented it to J45," according to NOAA. J45's mother had just died, which explains why J2 was helping her find food. Southern resident offspring stay with their mothers their entire lives—another characteristic that sets them apart from other killer whales—so an orphan like J45 would be adrift without mom around. "They are incredibly bonded animals. They don't disperse," Dr. Giles said. "It's not like elephants, for example, where the males disperse from mom, and even females sometimes disperse from mom. With the southern resident clan, it's not that way. They all stay with their families their entire life." J45's mom was among the seven southern resident deaths recorded in 2016, a disturbing setback after the minor baby boom of 2015. According to Howard Garrett, director of the advocacy group Orca Network, those births in 2015 were "all very encouraging, but then these mortalities have more than erased that gain." There are now 78 southern resident orcas left on the planet. J2, aka Granny, in happier times. CENTER FOR WHALE RESEARCH Granny was seen again in mid-October. Then in late October, scientists saw something they weren't used to seeing: Granny's relatives swimming around without her. This was highly unusual. "J2 was often the animal that was in the lead," said Dr. Giles, who has seen her in the wild "hundreds" of times. "And there were multiple, multiple times—it's been documented—where J2 would decide to go up a particular passage, and maybe some of the other whales were meandering a different way, and she would just stop in the water and start slamming her tail on the water. It's called tail slapping... When she was around, if she wanted something to happen, she would make it happen." Because Granny had an easily identifiable crescent-moon-shaped scar on the trailing edge of her dorsal fin, her presence was easy for scientists to track. So it was disconcerting for researchers who've been seeing her since 1976 not to see her with her pod. The Center for Whale Research marked J2 down as missing. "The general rule is, there are three encounters where they should be there and they're not," said Garrett. "The center tries to be very conservative about it and not set off any alarms until they're absolutely sure." In November, there was another encounter with J2's family, and J2 was still missing. In December, there was another encounter—and again, no J2. "That was enough," Garrett said. "We knew she was gone." The oldest living orca on record, an icon of her species, was dead. The news devastated activists and animal lovers, and it underscored a bigger environmental problem that political leaders don't seem eager to address—a problem affecting all southern residents and their prospects for future survival. "When you think back eighty to a hundred years and everything she would have seen in her lifetime, everything from massive shipping in the area to the damming of the Elwha River, she was there when that was happening," Dr. Giles reflected. She also would have witnessed the traumatic orca captures in the 1960s and '70s in Puget Sound, when fishermen hunted southern residents with explosives to sell to companies like SeaWorld. The original Shamu was an orphaned southern resident who watched her mother die after being harpooned from a helicopter near the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. In response to public outcry, orca captures were outlawed in Washington State in 1976. Another change Granny would have witnessed over time was "the decimation of fish in the region," said Dr. Giles. "When she was young, there would have been fish that were 120-plus pounds—fish that were massive. That's what these whales evolved to eat. You think of a massive carnivore like a killer whale, and you think: Gosh, how can it be that they eat just fish? When we think of fish these days, we think of a 30-pound Chinook salmon as massive, and those are teeny, those are itty-bitty compared to what these whales evolved to eat. But that's still what they're looking for." Chinook is the biggest of the salmon species and the richest in fat content. When southern residents were officially added to the endangered species list in 2005, federal dollars were allocated to studying them and planning a survival strategy. They are the only endangered orcas in US waters, and NOAA has been analyzing several factors that may be contributing to their demise, including pollution, vessel noise, and salmon scarcity. But for Dr. Giles, it's a no-brainer. She points out that there are other populations of orcas seen in Puget Sound—for instance the mammal-eating transient orcas that like to eat seals (by skinning them alive)—and those orcas are thriving, in spite of pollution and vessel noise, unlike the southern residents, whose population is "not increasing." Southern residents "are losing a tremendous number of their young, before they're even born." The difference? "The southern residents don't have food." More Salmon Needed In a recovery plan for southern residents that NOAA completed in 2008, the federal agency acknowledged "the single greatest change in food availability for resident killer whales since the late 1800s has been the decline of salmon from the Columbia River basin." One of the rivers that feeds into the Columbia River is the Snake River, which is dammed in four places as it travels through the southeast corner of Washington State. "The Columbia River basin—and the Snake River watershed in particular—holds the greatest promise for restoring significant numbers of Chinook in the near term," according to Save Our Wild Salmon, a coalition of advocacy groups. "For this reason, orca scientists and advocates increasingly support calls to remove the four costly lower Snake River dams." For decades, those four dams—Ice Harbor, Lower Monumental, Little Goose, and Lower Granite—have generated cheap hydroelectric energy for the Bonneville Power Administration. The power created by Bonneville's dams was credited by President Harry Truman as being essential in the allied victory in World War II. Back then, cheap power "was instrumental in the ramp up of the Northwest aluminum industry," Bonneville's website states, which in turn allowed Boeing to manufacture "over 10,000 combat airplanes." But some activists say those dams are no longer essential and cause more environmental problems than they solve. The dams are operated by the US Army Corps of Engineers, and James M. Waddell, who worked for the corps for 35 years, told me, "Historically, in the Columbia–Snake River system, there were somewhere between 15 million and 30 million fish a year... Today, we get less than 3 percent of those runs, and a lot of those are hatchery fish. The original wild fish that were in that river have been almost completely decimated." He believes that if the dams aren't breached soon, "it will be nearly impossible to recover" wild salmon runs, "and they might likely go extinct. And by extension, the southern resident killer whales will also likely go extinct." Twenty years ago, a coalition of parties including environmental groups, fishing businesses, and indigenous tribes sued the federal agencies that operate and market the energy produced by the Columbia River hydropower system. Last May, US District Court judge Michael Simon in Oregon "invalidated" the US government's most recent biological opinion for restoring the salmon runs in the Columbia basin, the Seattle Times reported. In other words, the judge sided with the environmental groups, writing that the dam system "cries out for a major overhaul" and that "for more than 20 years... federal agencies ignored the admonishments and continued to focus essentially on the same approach" and the agencies' efforts "have already cost billions of dollars, yet they are failing. Many populations of the listed species continue to be in a perilous state." It wasn't the first time the courts came down hard on the federal agencies. "It's the fifth time a biological opinion written by the agencies permitting operation of the dams has been struck down by the courts," the Times explained. Joseph Bogaard, the executive director of Save Our Wild Salmon, told me, "The politics on this issue is truly shifting." As he put it, federal agencies have "run up a huge bill, they haven't restored our fish, and they've had five consecutive illegal plans" tossed out by the courts. "The political leadership is starting to scratch their heads and say: Okay, we get it, we're going to have to fix this." Waddell, who now runs an organization called Dam Sense, says that if you breached the four Snake River dams, "right off the bat, you would eliminate half the mortality" of migrating salmon. But, he said, political leaders are "so afraid to touch this issue." He said that Dam Sense has been "trying for well over two years to set up a meeting with Governor Jay Inslee to brief him on this, but they keep turning us down." Tara Lee, a spokesperson for Governor Inslee, told The Stranger that "the governor's staff has been working closely with respected stakeholders on this issue for some time." She indicated that Governor Inslee believes more studies need to be done, weighing the "biological and socioeconomic costs and benefits" of four approaches: (1) "status quo," (2) "aggressive non-dam-removal restoration strategy including additional spill over the dams to improve the survival of out-migrating juvenile salmon and steelhead," (3) "lower Snake River dam removal," and (4) "lower Snake River dam removal plus elements of the aggressive non-dam-removal strategy." In other words, the governor is keeping all options open. "We will push the federal agencies to consider the impacts of all of these alternatives on southern resident orcas," the spokesperson said. Lee added that the state "is supporting the near-term development of a carefully designed experiment to test the benefits of additional spill at both the Snake and Columbia River dams for out-migrating salmon and steelhead." Though Bogaard, of Save Our Wild Salmon, believes the politics of this issue are starting to shift, he acknowledged: "There remains a decided lack of urgency on the part of many political leaders." That is, he said, "disappointing and worrisome," and added that Inslee's explanation of his position to The Stranger is in keeping with that lack of urgency. As for the question of what the Pacific Northwest would do without the hydroelectric power the dams produce, Bogaard said, "There's a growing recognition of opportunities and flexibilities within the region today with regards to taking the energy from those four dams offline. Seattle City Light and other energy experts in the region have indicated if the dams were to be removed, it's possible we don't need to immediately replace that energy." He mentioned plummeting costs of alternative technologies, including wind and solar. Bogaard added that Columbia basin restoration would not be a panacea for the southern residents, but it would be "an essential component to providing the significant numbers of fish that these southern residents need to survive." The Stranger reached out to the offices of Senator Patty Murray and Senator Maria Cantwell for comment, but neither of the senators replied. When asked what people can do to help the southern residents, Howard Garrett, of the Orca Network, said, "Our real push is the Snake River dams. On social media, we're calling on people to call Inslee, Murray, and Cantwell's offices. The word we have is that they are the holdouts." He added, "The state political backwater of resistance—pun intended—just don't want to see those dams come out. They're just married to them as monuments to our greatness, or whatever it is. The rationales for keeping the dams are riddled with falsehoods." In a 2015 report to Congress, NOAA listed southern resident orcas as one of eight endangered species that are "most at risk of extinction." "There's no other population on the planet like southern residents," said Dr. Giles, of the Center for Whale Research. "I understand there's politics involved. But if something massive doesn't happen very, very soon, it's going to be too late." The conversation turned back to Granny and her clan. Dr. Giles pointed out, "It was through her that we really started to understand the social dynamics and the close bonds that these animals have for one another, by studying her, because she was so recognizable." She added, "We really have lost the wise elder of the southern resident clan." Check out this comic by Levi Hastings about Granny's life and disappearance. 5 You might also be interested in these: Get Your ITMFA Gear! by Dan Savage FBI: Trump "Associates" Communicated With Russian Operatives by Dan Savage London's Muslim Mayor Wants to Ban Cars From Schools by Charles Mudede Recommended Events Thurs, March 23, 12:30-1:30 pm SAM Curator Talk: Seeing Nature at Gage Academy of Art Thurs, March 23, 6:30-10 pm Beer & Ballet at McCaw Hall Thurs, March 23, 6:30-9 pm Cocktails & Crime at Nordic Heritage Museum Thurs, March 23 at 6:30 pm, Sat, March 25 at 5:15 pm, Fri, March 31 at 7:45 pm, Sat, April 1 at 12:30 pm Shakespeare Dice: Twelfth Night at Various locations Thurs, March 23 at 7 pm Complex Exchange at Northwest African American Museum Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... New security measure could cause travellers to reroute trips World by David Koenig, The Associated Press Posted Mar 21, 2017 1:30 pm MDT Last Updated Mar 21, 2017 at 4:40 pm MDT DALLAS – A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travellers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travellers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice-president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by cancelling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Movie Trailers March 17, 2017 to March 23, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: Beauty and the Beast (PG) 3D 10:00pm 12:00pm / 3:00pm / 3:45pm / 6:15pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm Kong: Skull Island (PG) 10:30pm Goon: Last of the Enforcers (14A) 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 9:45pm Get Out (14A) 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 10:15pm Logan (18A) 3:15pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm 660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Five stories in the news today, March 23 Today at 4:15 AM Taliban take key Afghan district in south; 9 killed in north Today at 3:59 AM California may face ‘significant risk’ from dam Today at 2:16 AM Calgary’s mayor pleased with federal budget Mar 22, 2017, 9:42 PM Federal investments appear to match B.C. housing, transit initiatives: de Jong Mar 22, 2017, 9:32 PM The Latest: Officer, 3 others killed in Wisconsin shootings Mar 22, 2017, 9:31 PM Coroner's jury wants better mental health support for Vancouver transit police Mar 22, 2017, 7:00 PM Federal budget bumps up monthly carding money for Canada's top athletes Mar 22, 2017, 6:40 PM A selection of key quotes from Wednesday's release of the 2017 federal budget Mar 22, 2017, 5:46 PM Jobs training and EI changes a 'pleasant surprise' for Newfoundland Mar 22, 2017, 4:52 PM Highlights from 2017 federal budget Mar 22, 2017, 3:24 PM A look at some of the smaller items in Wednesday's federal budget Mar 22, 2017, 3:01 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Koch network spending millions to stop GOP health care bill Mar 22, 2017, 6:31 PM Scallop fishing area to be closed down amid harvest conflict Mar 22, 2017, 6:29 PM Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown Mar 22, 2017, 4:59 PM Puerto Rico's sole deal with bondholders in jeopardy Mar 22, 2017, 4:58 PM Google's YouTube losing major advertisers upset with videos Mar 22, 2017, 4:57 PM Matthews, Werenski at centre of impressive NHL turnarounds Today at 1:02 AM Edmonton Oilers takeaways: Cam Talbot is human after all Today at 1:25 AM Stroman MVP, U.S. blows out Puerto Rico to win World Baseball Classic Today at 12:52 AM Ducks break divisional tie in win over Oilers Today at 1:10 AM Leafs move into third in Atlantic with win over Blue Jackets Mar 22, 2017, 10:18 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM 'No Scrubs' writers get added to Sheeran hit 'Shape of You' Mar 22, 2017, 1:49 PM CBS and 'Young and Restless' lead with Daytime Emmy nods Mar 22, 2017, 1:47 PM Movie of Vince Flynn's 'American Assassin' to debut Sept. 15 Mar 22, 2017, 1:10 PM Beyond spring cleaning: Tapestries get 16 years of grooming Mar 22, 2017, 11:07 AM The film is 'CHIPS' and 'CHiPs TV fans are poised to hate it Mar 22, 2017, 10:27 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World New security measure could cause travellers to reroute trips Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) By: David Koenig The Associated Press Published on DALLAS — A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travellers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travellers , journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from travelling . Jonathan Grella, an executive vice-president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travellers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travellers , the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," Harteveldt said. "The question is how much." For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by cancelling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Editors' Picks Cheerios' 'Bring Back The Bees' campaign flies into trouble China brings facial recognition to fight against toilet paper thieves Video: Wyclef Jean cuffed by LAPD in case of 'mistaken identity' Safe Space Ep. 4: To the left and to the far right More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Federal budget makes transit more expensive, and that's not what Toronto needs: Matt Elliott Photos: Toronto's High Park Zoo infamous capybaras had a litter of rodent rugrats Netflix can chill? Not so fast as Uber tax opens door for long-awaited tariff on streaming Alcohol, cigarettes will be more expensive due to tax increase Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
X Tweet Share this bulletin Get news bulletins by email Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms » Investor Alert New York Markets Close in: Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home News Viewer Markets Investing Personal Finance Retirement Economy Real Estate Watchlist Alerts Games SEARCH Stocks Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures FA Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Tools Getting Started Premium Newsletters Expand Keep Open Close Expand Keep Open Close Expand Keep Open Close Expand Keep Open Close Expand Keep Open Close Expand Keep Open Close Raytheon Co. NYSE: RTN GO Set Alerts Find a Broker Join TD Ameritrade Market Index Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders /marketstate/country/us Raytheon Co. Market open RTN /quotes/zigman/283276/composite $ 154.01 Change -0.28 -0.18% Volume Volume 8,328 Mar 23, 2017, 9:38 a.m. Real time quotes /quotes/zigman/283276/composite Previous close $ 154.29 $ 154.01 Change -0.28 -0.18% Day low Day high $154.01 $154.80 Open: 154.50 52 week low 52 week high $120.24 $157.59 Market cap $44.99B Average volume 1.67M P/E ratio 20.72 Rev. per Employee $382,048 EPS 7.45 Dividend 0.73 Div yield 1.90% Ex dividend date 12/30/16 Compare: Indexes Dow(INDU) INDU Nasdaq (COMP) COMP S&P 500 (SPX) SPX Global Dow (GDOW) GDOW 1d 5d 3m 6m 1y 3y 5y /news/latest/company/us/rtn MarketWatch News on RTN Trump budget will call for 10% boost in defense spending 1:06 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017 - Robert Schroeder Trump stokes rally in defense stocks toward record highs 12:05 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017 - Tomi Kilgore Dan Loeb’s playbook for investment home runs in the Trump era 10:14 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017 - Victor Reklaitis General Dynamics offers bullish outlook 11:40 a.m. Jan. 27, 2017 - MarketWatch.com Raytheon started at outperform with $180 stock price target at RBC Capital 9:17 a.m. Jan. 12, 2017 - Tomi Kilgore Jobs on agenda at Trump meeting with tech leaders | Oil bubbles back to top with Trump 8:57 a.m. Dec. 14, 2016 - Robert Schroeder Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 8:47 a.m. Nov. 20, 2016 - Philip van Doorn Defense stocks rocket higher as Trump victory, GOP sweep spur spending hopes 5:48 p.m. Nov. 9, 2016 - Tomi Kilgore The market in a minute: It’s not time to step on the gas yet 11:38 a.m. Oct. 24, 2016 - The Trading Deck Restaurant Group plans site cuts; shares rise 7:06 a.m. Aug. 26, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Restaurant Group appoints new CEO to lead shakeup 6:05 a.m. Aug. 12, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Restaurant Group names Paddy Power's McCue as CEO 2:18 a.m. Aug. 12, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Raytheon lifts 2016 outlook 7:16 a.m. July 28, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Raytheon lifts 2016 outlook 7:02 a.m. July 28, 2016 - MarketWatch.com S&P, Dow hold the range top ahead of U.S. jobs report 11:30 a.m. July 7, 2016 - Michael Ashbaugh Restaurant Group appoints Barry Nightingale CFO 2:23 a.m. June 15, 2016 - MarketWatch.com 18 stocks quietly racking up supersized performance 12:20 p.m. June 11, 2016 - Philip van Doorn Buy these stocks that are breaking out — forget the S&P’s failure to launch 2:27 a.m. June 7, 2016 - Victor Reklaitis Restaurant Group shares slide on profit warning 6:32 a.m. April 29, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Restaurant Group warns on 2016 profit; CFO resigns 3:09 a.m. April 29, 2016 - MarketWatch.com Loading more headlines... Get more info » Where does this data come from? Analyst Estimates » A data point based on hundreds of brokers buy, sell and hold rating. Sentiment on RTN Analyst » Analyst Ratings Breaking Down Trump's 'Skinny Budget' 9:47 a.m. March 17, 2017 - Benzinga.com A Fistful Of Coverage: 5 Outperform Ratings On 5 Defense Stocks 3:45 p.m. Oct. 6, 2016 - Benzinga.com As Domestic Government Budgets Inflect Higher, Raytheon Shares Poised To Ramp Up 2:24 p.m. Oct. 6, 2016 - Benzinga.com /news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/rtn Other News on RTN AAR Corp (AIR) Q3 Earnings Meet Estimates, Revenues Up Y/Y 7:43 a.m. March 22, 2017 - Zacks.com Lockheed Eyes T-50A Trainer For Low-Cost Plane Experiment, Foreign Sales 5:19 p.m. March 21, 2017 - Investors Business Daily Boeing on the Street: What the Analysts Are Recommending 2:12 p.m. March 21, 2017 - MarketRealist.com 5 Companies Hit 52-Week Highs 2:11 p.m. March 21, 2017 - GuruFocus.com How Would Trump’s Increased Defense Funds Be Used? 2:11 p.m. March 21, 2017 - MarketRealist.com Trump Urges NATO Allies to Pay More: 4 Defense Stocks to Buy (LMT, BA, TXT, RTN) 5:00 p.m. March 20, 2017 - InvestorPlace.com Lockheed, Raytheon Outsourcing Should Help This Defense Firm 3:36 p.m. March 20, 2017 - Investors Business Daily Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is Ripe for Profit-Taking 11:35 a.m. March 20, 2017 - InvestorPlace.com Trump Urges NATO Allies to Pay More: 4 Defense Stocks to Buy 9:12 a.m. March 20, 2017 - Zacks.com Lockheed Martin (LMT) Unit Wins $98M SEWIP Block 2 Contract 8:55 a.m. March 20, 2017 - Zacks.com Eisenhower Was Right: The Military-Industrial Complex Poses A Real Threat 6:16 a.m. March 20, 2017 - Seeking Alpha Defense Sector Update March 13-19: Billions Of Reasons To Like Defense 7:23 p.m. March 19, 2017 - Seeking Alpha Low Volatility And High Beta Stocks Prior To Last Downturn 12:34 a.m. March 19, 2017 - Seeking Alpha Dividend Contenders: 18 Increases Expected By The End Of May 12:27 a.m. March 18, 2017 - Seeking Alpha Raytheon, UDR among names expected to boost dividends - Bloomberg 12:05 p.m. March 17, 2017 - Seeking Alpha 4 Key Takeaways from Trump's 'America First' Budget Blueprint 1:37 p.m. March 16, 2017 - Zacks.com Manufacturing Giants Back US Tax Reforms 11:31 a.m. March 15, 2017 - Investopedia.com Monthly Review Of DivGro: February 2017 4:09 p.m. March 14, 2017 - Seeking Alpha European NATO Members Increase Defense Spending (LMT, RTN) 3:49 p.m. March 14, 2017 - Investopedia.com Wall Street Breakfast: Prepare For A Post-Brexit World 7:02 a.m. March 14, 2017 - Seeking Alpha Loading more headlines... /news/pressrelease/company/us/rtn Press Releases on RTN Aerospace Products and Services Stocks Under Scanner -- Boeing, United Technologies, Raytheon, and B/E Aerospace 7:15 a.m. Today7:15 a.m. March 23, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Non-lethal Biochemical Weapons Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 6:31 p.m. March 21, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF SCA 4.1 Requirements Allocation, Objectives, and Verification Criteria Document Released by Wireless Innovation Forum SCA 4.1 Compliancy Project Task Group 3:27 p.m. March 21, 2017 - BusinessWire - BZX Technological Advancements in the Defense Markets 9:00 a.m. March 17, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Top 10 Military CNS Technologies Market by Technology & Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 6:26 p.m. March 14, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Land Mobile Radio Market by Type, Technology, Frequency, Application, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 5:53 p.m. March 14, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Raytheon developing next generation, cross domain communication and engagement network for U.S. Navy 8:00 a.m. March 14, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Adaptive Optics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast 2016 - 2024 4:53 p.m. March 13, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Remote Weapon Station Market by Application, Platform, Component, Weapon Caliber, Mobility, Technology & Region - Global Forecast to 2022 6:50 p.m. March 9, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Raytheon sponsors nation's largest cybersecurity competition 7:00 a.m. March 9, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Global Maritime VSAT Market 2017-2021 6:17 p.m. March 7, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Gunshot Detection System Market by Application, Installation Type, Product Type, and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 8:35 a.m. March 7, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF New tech best practices drive progress on next-gen GPS OCX control system 8:00 a.m. March 7, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Global Automotive Radar Sensors Market 2017-2021 10:43 a.m. March 2, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Saudi Arabia Homeland Security & Public Safety Market - 2017-2022 8:08 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Small Arms Light Weapons (SALW) Market Analysis By Type (Small Arms, Light Weapons), By Application (Military, Law Enforcement), By Region And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2024 4:42 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Raytheon, US Air Force upgrade MALD-J with anti-jam capabilities 1:00 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Europe Counter Terror & Public Safety Industry & Markets â€" 2017-2022 6:45 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Global Medical Robots Industry 12:16 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Raytheon Wins $128 million advanced mobile sensors program 9:00 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017 - PR Newswire - PRF Loading more headlines... Rates » Mortgage Equity Savings Auto CREDIT CARDS 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.8% 30 yr fixed 4.0% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.0% 30 yr fixed refi 4.0% 15 yr fixed refi 3.2% 5/1 ARM 3.2% 5/1 ARM refi 3.3% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.7% $50K HELOC 4.8% $75K HELOC 4.8% $100K HELOC 4.6% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.1% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.7% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.7% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.5% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.8% 1 yr CD 0.6% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.2% 48 Mo Used Car 3.2% 36 Mo Used Car 3.4% 72 Mo New Car 3.3% 60 Mo New Car 3.4% 48 Mo New Car 3.3% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.9% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.6% National averages from Bankrate.com You Don’t Need Another Credit Card, You Need A Better One. Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.44% 12.37% 11.98% Business 13.49% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.73% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.86% 14.78% 14.39% Airline 15.59% 15.44% 15.13% Cash Back 15.63% 15.61% 15.33% Reward 15.67% 15.59% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.11% 18.09% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.04% 23.01% 22.86% Source:CreditCards.com Trending Tickers /quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60% /quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83% /quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93% /quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11% /quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94% X Powered by Log In 9:38 AM EDT March 23, 2017 /marketstate/country/us New York Open /marketstate/country/uk London Open /marketstate/country/jp Tokyo Closed /marketstate/country/us   /marketstate/country/uk   /marketstate/country/jp   View All Latest News /news/latest 9:37a Ford's stock drops after profit outlook was below expectations 9:36a Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:36a Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:31a BREAKING Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:31a S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:31a Dow retreats 0.1% 9:31a Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30a BREAKING Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30a Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23a Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:17a Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:16a Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:16a These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15a Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14a Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13a Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:13a Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12a Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:12a When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:12a Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you Loading more headlines... dow /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime 20,651.92 -9.38 -0.05% nasdaq /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime 5,816.95 -4.70 -0.08% s&p 500 /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime 2,348.13 -0.32 -0.01% Kiosk 1352872800000 1352872800000 The RetireMentors Retirement advice from our industry experts Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save for retirement, then live well in it. /conga/kiosk/retirementors.html 361307 1320411600000 1320616500000 Alerts /conga/kiosk/alerts.html 310238 1333717800000 1333964100000 Virtual Stock Exchange Our free stock-market game • Trade your virtual portfolio in real time • Talk strategies in group discussions • Find or create a game that suits you • Use our learning center to improve /conga/kiosk/games.html 310284 1245657600000 1277280000000 Location Scouts Housing-market insights from our realty pros Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S. • See our complete Real Estate site /conga/kiosk/real_estate.html 357012 1404799200000 1404799200000 Lazy Portfolios Set it and forget it Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds. • How to create your own Lazy Portfolio /conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html 313134 Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swiftâ€™s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More MarketWatch.com Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Follow MarketWatch RSS Podcasts WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. MarketWatch Top Stories Link to MarketWatch's Slice. 15
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » New security measure could… New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips By DAVID KOENIG and The Associated Press March 21, 2017 5:50 pm 4 min read Share DALLAS (AP) — A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. Online Chat: Beth Killoran, deputy assistant secretary for Information Technology and chief information officer at HHS, on March 28. “I’ve been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven’t found anything,” Berger said Tuesday. “We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai.” Advertisement The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people’s fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin “is a potential productivity killer,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. “If you were planning to work on the flight, you’ve just burned 14 hours of your day.” Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don’t cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, “who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources.” A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers’ devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. “It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers,” Harteveldt said. “The question is how much.” For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Topics: All News Business News Defense Government News Lifestyle News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » New security measure could… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 71° Few Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Bill to combine all Cameron County school districts proposed New! Could all the school districts in Cameron County possibly merge to create a countywide school district in a couple of years? Posted: March 22 rss Texas News 2 killed in Houston when handgun accidentally discharges Historic Austin Park to benefit from $300K in improvements Dakota Access pipeline vandalism highlights sabotage risks Biloxi to close 6 train crossings after deadly collision Australia couple are 1st foreigners to own US radio stations Carnegie Hero Fund Commission announces 20 medal winners Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Oklahoma QB Mayfield faces uncertainty after arrest AP New! NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Baker Mayfield is trying his best to move on from his arrest in Arkansas last month. Posted: March 22 Sports, Football, College Football More From The Latest Colin Kaepernick donates $50,000 to Meals on Wheels SEC Rises: Football league has 3 teams vying for Elite Eight Russia says 3 disqualified from 2012 Olympics for doping South Korea's Olympic ringers sing their way onto the team Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Amr Nabil AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) Posted: Tuesday, March 21, 2017 4:50 pm | Updated: 5:31 pm, Tue Mar 21, 2017. New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips Associated Press | DALLAS (AP) — A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," Harteveldt said. "The question is how much." For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too ARTICLE: Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too ARTICLE: Ex-pharmacy exec acquitted of murder in meningitis outbreak GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears More about General News Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too ARTICLE: Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too ARTICLE: Ex-pharmacy exec acquitted of murder in meningitis outbreak GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears More about Travel AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms Not my laptop! Airline passengers hit the device doldrums ARTICLE: Not my laptop! Airline passengers hit the device doldrums Things to know: Utah eateries could take down Zion Curtains Things to know: Utah eateries could take down Zion Curtains Discuss Print Posted in Business, Texas on Tuesday, March 21, 2017 4:50 pm. Updated: 5:31 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Travel, Aviation Safety And Security, Transportation Safety, Transportation, Transportation Industry Regulation, Industry Regulation, Government Business And Finance, Government And Politics, Government Regulations, Laptop Computers, Personal Computers, Computer Hardware, Consumer Electronics, Technology, Business Travel, Lifestyle, Passenger Airlines, Airlines, Transportation And Shipping, Industrial Products And Services, Military And Defense, New Products And Services, Products And Services, Corporate News | Location Tags: Middle East, United States, North America, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Dubai Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Make a striking focal point the found... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Donna 2 Bdrm. 1 Bath Apt. Stove, Refrig., $435/Mo. Central $435 Updated: 5:00 am Brownsville Resaca Building lot 2.8 acres, 250ft on water $230,000 Updated: March 07 WAREHOUSES FOR RENT Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2006 Suzuki Blvd C50 Motorcycle 2900mi $2,850 clean title. For $2,850 posted: March 22 2003, 26' Thor Class C Ford V10 Eng., low mileage $25,000 Updated: 5:00 am 1955 Massey Harris 44LP Farm TRACTOR, selling as is for $1,500 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Make a striking focal point the found... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy in the afternoon. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 63F. Winds SE at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 58F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 3:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Travel Close Amr Nabil FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) AP New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Mar 21, 2017 (…) Amr Nabil FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) DALLAS (AP) — A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," Harteveldt said. "The question is how much." For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Travel e-newsletter from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Love to travel? Get travel tips and ideas sent weekly to your inbox. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business General News Travel Aviation Safety And Security Transportation Safety Transportation Transportation Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Government Regulations Laptop Computers Personal Computers Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Technology Business Travel Lifestyle Passenger Airlines Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Military And Defense Locations Middle East United States North America United Arab Emirates Qatar Dubai View (…) comments Most popular Cardinals to introduce Cardinals Nation food truck this season Sean Hannity denies pointing gun at Juan Williams on Fox set After much pain, Artie Lange says he's 'living a dream' Hi-Pointe Drive-In is the right amount of too much, except when it's too much Fans gather in University City Loop to remember Chuck Berry Latest Planning your family summer vacation? We have 10 great ideas More than 100 years of navigating the New York transit system, in photos Whose armrest is it, anyway? The unspoken etiquette of airline, bus and train travel. Bring it on home: Zimbabwe River cruise takes you on Lewis and Clark's voyage Quick links Christopher Ellilot Contests Gas prices Travels With Amy Win 4 tickets to see The Lion King at Fox Theatre: Reader Rewards Exclusive Celebrate your company's culture! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm For the first time since the election, Trump optimism is showing signs of cracking Patti Domm | @pattidomm Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 12:21 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks post biggest losses of 2017    Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 12:00 PM ET | 04:22 For the first time since the election, markets are doubting they will get the pro-growth policies of tax reform and stimulus promised by President Donald Trump and the Republican Congress. The repeal of Obamacare appears to have hit some snags and the GOP brought out Trump earlier Tuesday to serve as pitchman to House Republicans who may have been wavering ahead of Thursday's vote. Whether he won votes or not is unclear, but markets certainly took the lack of clear majority support as a negative. "I think it's certainly interesting the market is questioning it, based on the limited amount of votes the Republicans can afford to lose in the House. It suggests if you thought this party would be voting as a block on the key agenda items, that might not be the case," said Mark Cabana, head of U.S. short rate strategy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. "It might be a lot more fractured party than many might have anticipated." The stock market sold off sharply with many market leaders of the Trump trade lagging. The Dow was down as much as 200 points, but the underpinnings of the market were even weaker. The Russell 2000 small-cap index, for instance, fell 2 percent, and the Dow transports lost 1.7 percent. Financial stocks were the worst performers, down 2.6 percent. As investors sold stocks, they snapped up bonds. As a result, Treasury yields, which move inversely to price, moved lower. The 10-year Treasury note was yielding 2.43 percent in afternoon trading, falling from a high of 2.49 percent earlier. "That's in the context of a market that was priced for the ultimate outcome," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. The Dow is up 13 percent since Election Day. Boockvar said the market has been ignoring how the stimulus and tax reform promised by Trump would be paid for. "Now people are beginning to realize there's potentially other issues." The possibility of health-care reform becoming a quagmire has been a concern for markets for weeks, but there had not been a clear move in response to that concern since stocks started going higher right after the election. Trump administration officials have promised that after the health-care act that tax reform would be up next on the agenda, and there was hope there would be movement on it by August. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Trump "knocked the ball out of the park" when he spoke to House Republicans Tuesday morning. Ryan also pushed back against the claim by the House's conservative Freedom Caucus that the American Health Care Act does not have enough votes to pass the chamber. That group later threatened formal opposition of the bill, unless there are significant changes. "From a policy point of view, this is the first real test of Ryan, McConnell, Trump. Is it a juggernaut or isn't it a juggernaut? The markets are more interested in a substantial point of view on what's going to happen on taxes, and what's going to happen on regulatory reform," said Tom Block, Washington policy strategist at Strategas. Even if the bill does pass the House, it faces opposition in the Senate, where Sen. Mitch McConnell is the majority leader. The unfraying comes at a bad time for Trump. On Monday, FBI Director James Comey said the bureau is investigating Russian interference with the presidential election, including any links to Trump. He also said there was no proof of Trump's assertion that President Barack Obama had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower. The market ignored the slam at Trump's credibility, and while the president himself may be Teflon, the market is not when it comes to his policy initiatives. Cabana said he expects the Republicans to pick themselves up quickly if they fail on health care, and press forward with something they can win on. "In the not-too-distant futures, Republicans are going to need to pivot," he said. Cabana said they may find more agreement on tax reform, though there is clear disagreement on the border adjustment tax, which is now part of the House plan. The House GOP proposes a 20 percent tax on all imports coming into the U.S. but no tax on exports. That would help generate $1 trillion in revenue over 10 years, and allow the Republicans to drop the corporate tax rate to 20 percent. But there is disagreement over that tax, and it has opposition in the Senate. Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas appeared Tuesday on CNBC's "Squawk Box" and said the border adjustment tax was a "given." The SPDR S&P Retail ETF was down 2 percent Tuesday. The tax is opposed by retailers who say it is a penalty on consumers who would pay more for goods. However, the tax is expected to push the dollar higher and that could eliminate the inflation caused by higher prices. Proponents of the tax include industrial companies like General Electric and Boeing. But the health-care plan stands in front of that. "I certainly do think if this doesn't go through, it increases the risk of a risk-off move and you could see a temporary movement into bonds," said Cabana. "We still remain overall optimistic something will get done, and that underlies our view for higher overall rates. The Fed is going to continue to move gradually. We do believe rates will move higher. This certainly does increase near-term downside risk." Earlier Tuesday, Bank of America Merrill Lynch released its monthly fund managers survey, with a record number saying the market is extremely overvalued, and just 10 percent expecting to see U.S. tax reform passed by Congress before its August recess, as promised by the administration. "Investor positioning argues for a risk rally pause in March/April, with allocation to equities at a two-year high and bond allocation at a three-year low," said Michael Hartnett, BofAML's chief investment strategist said in a note. "Policy is the key catalyst for the Icarus trade to fly higher in the coming months." WATCH: Here's how "animal spirits" are driving the big stock market run since Trump took office show chapters The Trump rally comes down to one key phrase    Wednesday, 8 Mar 2017 | 4:57 PM ET | 01:53 Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change US 10-YR --- RUSS 2K --- DJIA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad New security measure could cause travelers to reroute trips By Associated Press Published: 14:30 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 17:55 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail DALLAS (AP) - A new security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from 10 mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East and Africa. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from the U.S. through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." The U.S. and British governments, citing unspecified threats and attacks against airliners and airports over the past two years, announced Tuesday they are barring passengers from airports in 10 countries from bringing laptops, tablets, cameras and other devices on board in carry-on bags. Only cellphones and medical devices will be allowed in the passenger cabins. The orders are a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the orders could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned that the orders pose risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If U.S. the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say their order will affect about 50 flights a day - there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents - the only one of its kind in the Middle East - allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines - American, Delta and United - lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. A senior U.S. government official told reporters the security order was not related to the dispute. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," Harteveldt said. "The question is how much." For now, the Gulf airlines are not protesting publicly. But if the security measure drives customers away, Harteveldt said they could retaliate by canceling orders to buy U.S.-made planes from Boeing Co. ___ Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment ULA, Boeing launch ninth WGS satellite Geoff Fein, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 21 March 2017 Key Points WGS 9 was funded by Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United States WGS 10 is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018 The ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) system was launched aboard a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket on 18 March, providing the United States and six allied nations increased communications capabilities. Each partner country has access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies, according to Boeing. WGS-9 is the third Block II follow-on satellite. "The WGS-9 satellite will be able to filter and downlink up to 8.088 GHz of bandwidth. To read the full article, Client Login (113 of 406 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Joint & Common Equipment IHS Jane's Defence Weekly C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS LIMA 2017: Thales makes inroad into Malaysian market with Air Force helicopter flight simulator delivery C4ISR: AIR Rafael steps into the international cyber security market C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS US Navy's minehunting Knifefish UUV swims through new test round C4ISR: MARITIME IAI unveils foliage-penetrating ground surveillance radar C4ISR: LAND Intelsat, Kymeta partner on small antennas for DoD coms C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS LIMA 2017: Thales makes inroad into Malaysian market with Air Force helicopter flight simulator delivery C4ISR: AIR Rafael steps into the international cyber security market C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS US Navy's minehunting Knifefish UUV swims through new test round C4ISR: MARITIME IAI unveils foliage-penetrating ground surveillance radar C4ISR: LAND Intelsat, Kymeta partner on small antennas for DoD coms C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Japanese navy commissions second Izumo-class helicopter carrier IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY LIMA 2017: Airbus to boost Malaysian aerospace outsourcing by 25% IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY LIMA 2017: Japan looking to expand scope of defence co-operation with Indonesia IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY LIMA 2017: Thales makes inroad into Malaysian market with Air Force helicopter flight simulator delivery IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Pentagon budget 2017: Full year stop-gap budget feared IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Japanese navy commissions second Izumo-class helicopter carrier SEA PLATFORMS LIMA 2017: Airbus to boost Malaysian aerospace outsourcing by 25% AIR PLATFORMS LIMA 2017: Japan looking to expand scope of defence co-operation with Indonesia INDUSTRY LIMA 2017: Thales makes inroad into Malaysian market with Air Force helicopter flight simulator delivery C4ISR: AIR Pentagon budget 2017: Full year stop-gap budget feared INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT Silent watch: Vetronics technology creates new vehicle roles Emerging onboard technologies are on the cusp of reducing needs for power-switching strategies in overburdened military vehicles and providing electrical power for mobile posts and systems. Anika Torruella explores the possibilities as 'vetronics' rapidly advance Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Goldman Sachs: Would you trust its robo advisors with your money? A growing number of finance houses are looking to digitise financial advice. Whether that's a good thing remains to be seen James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 21 March 2017 17:11 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The Terminator. Could this be your future financial advisor? How would you feel about the prospect of a T-1000 Terminator robot sitting down to talk to you about your ISA courtesy of Goldman Sachs Skynet?  No, don’t laugh. Goldman’s wants to make it happen. Well, it at least wants to create a bot capable of providing financial advice to the masses. But given it's Goldman, there are a lot of people who may feel the Terminator analogy is apt.  This, after all, is the “great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money” . Read more Goldman Sachs to move jobs out of London before Brexit deal struck Here's Why Goldman Sachs Now Thinks Rolls-Royce Shares Could Surge 55% Goldman shares hit ten-year high as Trump fills team with bankers Matt Taibbi’s memorable description of “the firm” was used in an article about its role in the 2008 financial crisis and the speculative bubble built up in mortgage backed securities that explosively popped. It hasn't ever quite shaken it off and there are many who will shudder at the prospect of the squid using robots to provide financial advice to Mr and Mrs Mass Affluent.  But not everyone will feel that way. Don't forget, the Goldman names carries considerable cachet.  It’s almost always close to the top of the list when companies are seeking advisors to help them out with deals. And it’s not just wealthy and powerful corporations that beat a path to its door. The wealthy and powerful individuals that run them also seek its advice when it comes to their personal finances. There are a lot of people lower down the food chain that might quite like the idea of showing off about the performance of an investment portfolio created for them by Robo Sachs. Yeah, this new set of golf clubs? Robo-Sachs came through for me. You should try it!  Tapping into advising the so-called "mass affluent" - people with cash to invest but without the means to be able to pay for a human to hold  their hands - could provide a rich stream of earnings in future and I’d a imagine there are a considerable number of people in that group who might view the Goldman Sachs brand as aspirational. Goldman's hires the smartest people, if it creates the smartest robots, why wouldn't you?   Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Well, I wouldn't. But we're not there yet. The story emanated from the Reuters news agency, which spotted a Goldman Sachs job ad seeking people to help build an advice platform. When it approached the firm for comment it declined.   However, a lot of finance houses are working on similar projects, so if Goldman is planning to create Robo Sachs to advise the mass market, it wouldn't be alone. Cyber space may soon be full of them.  Is that something we should be comfortable with? We’ll see. If Robo Sachs is like the kid in Steven Spielberg's AI and makes people rich too, they’ll wonder what the fuss was all about. If it turns Terminator we might just need to call upon on Mr Taibbi's literary prowess again.  More about: Goldman Sachs Financial advice artificial intelligence 2008 financial crash Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Thursday, March 23, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 24, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism World’s largest companies favour Dubai as location for regional headquarters Anthony McAuley Follow @AnthonyMcAuley2 March 21, 2017 Updated: March 21, 2017 08:47 PM Related Beirut beckons as Omnicom Media Group moves some jobs out of Dubai Shapoorji Pallonji set for expansion outside India in Dubai Arabian Gulf’s fragmented gas market needs a regional hub ‘The engine is still working,’ says Deutsche Bank chief for Middle East and Africa Middle East big brands lead the way globally Related Beirut beckons as Omnicom Media Group moves some jobs out of Dubai Shapoorji Pallonji set for expansion outside India in Dubai Arabian Gulf’s fragmented gas market needs a regional hub ‘The engine is still working,’ says Deutsche Bank chief for Middle East and Africa Dubai remained by far the most favoured city as the Middle East and Africa (MEA) regional headquarters for the world’s largest 500 companies, according to a new study. Dubai was well ahead of the next favoured city, Johannesburg, South Africa, according to the analysis of the 500 largest companies by revenue, as compiled annually by Fortune magazine. Research company Infomineo found that of these 500 companies some 196 had a dedicated office to cover the region. Of that total, 138 companies had their MEA headquarters in Dubai, way ahead of Johannesburg’s 58 and up 11 on the previous year, despite the pressure on Arabian Gulf economies because of the lower oil prices. "Companies make these decisions on long-term trends and probably decided well in advance of the oil price slump," said Martin Tronquit, Infomineo’s managing partner. "Dubai is by far the best place to be operating in the region from a legal standpoint, for connectivity and for living conditions." The emirate also benefits from what he calls "the network effect", which explains why nearby Abu Dhabi, which has virtually the same infrastructural benefits and high living standards, has failed to get much spillover in terms of attracting major companies. "There is not much difference between Abu Dhabi and Dubai, but historically Dubai didn’t have the advantage of being the oil capital and government centre so had to develop as the commercial and financial centre; so now is benefiting from that legacy," Mr Tronquit said. Last year, Dubai gained 11 new regional company HQs including Lockheed Martin, which changed from Abu Dhabi as it took a permanent chalet at Dubai World Centre, while Boeing also set up an office at Dubai South’s airport city. Dubai was also favoured by the world’s largest financial institutions and auto companies, gaining five new regional HQs in the latter sector last year. The region’s fastest growing city was Casablanca, growing by more than 150 per cent last year to 33 corporate regional HQs. "Eventually when companies become really serious about Africa they need to set up sub-regional headquarters, because you cannot cover 54 countries from one location," Mr Tronquit said. Johannesburg is dominant in the south, Nairobi for the east and Lagos in the west and Casablanca is essentially the only choice for the north, he said. It is also the favoured HQ for francophone Africa. "It has attracted a really diverse range of industries," said Mr Tronquit. "It is the regional hub for Renault and has growing aeronautics manufacturing and FMCG [fast-moving consumer goods] sectors who want to serve Africa’s 200 million French-speaking customers." amcauley@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Economy Bi-weekly report on billionaires: Stealthy merger negotiations, beauty apps and newspaper publishing Philippines’ spectacular growth set to continue, Manila says Insead overhauls MBA course to include fintech and big data World’s billionaire population shrinking, but not in the Middle East MOST VIEWED Business | All India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Amazon deal for Souq.com is back on Gulf carriers expected to lose premium business after US device ban A look inside Abu Dhabi’s newest hotel, Marriott Al Forsan – in pictures Low-rise living in high-rise Downtown Dubai for Dh3.7 million – in pictures Dubai Duty Free to lose $2 million from US cabin baggage ban of laptops and electronic devices Flight device ban: what devices are allowed? FCA crackdowns on Holborn Assets’ UK division over pension transfers Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines New Emirates A380 service offers taste of French Riviera high life More Most Viewed Mother stabbed to death, children and maid injured in knife attack in Fujairah Thunderstorms from Friday as ‘unstable weather’ is forecast this weekend Seatbelts to become compulsory for all in the UAE Sharjah Ruler apologises for ‘misunderstood’ comments on Algeria’s history India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Emirati sisters attacked by drug addict to sue London hotel Amazon deal for Souq.com is back on Higher fines for UAE motorists who violate traffic rules Iran smuggling ‘kamikaze’ drones to Yemen’s Houthi rebels Dubai Ruler welcomes new grandson More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India business leaders plan to avoid Gulf carriers in flights to the US Low-rise living in high-rise Downtown Dubai for Dh3.7 million – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT London under attack - in pictures UN official ‘hopes for more refugees to be welcomed in UAE’ Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Frank field is right: Sir Philip should hand a £15m “rebate” from his BHS pension scheme settlement back to members The deal includes a contingency fund that will not be needed if a majority of those with smaller pots take lump sums and while the Work & Pensions Committee is right to be cross, there's nothing it can do James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 21 March 2017 11:45 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green PA When it comes to pensions there’s almost always a devil in the detail and it almost always takes forever to emerge.  It probably won’t surprise anyone to learn that the settlement agreed between retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and the Pensions Regulator contains a big, fire breathing example, complete with a forked trident. At least according the chairman of the Parliamentary Work & Pensions Committee, Frank Field.  Mr Field has complained that the £363m settlement has a sting in its tail.  Read more Philip Green to receive £15 million refund from BHS pension payment Sir Philip Green pays £363m into BHS pension scheme. A good deal? Sir Philip Green’s £100m superyacht could be seized If the majority of largely younger scheme members with smaller pots take up the offer of a lump sum rather than a place in the “new” BHS scheme that has been topped up with £343m from Sir Philip, he stands to get a substantial chunk of a £15m contingency fund returned to him (the total settlement amounted to £363m with £5m of it set aside to cover expenses).  An analysis by the committee has also found that the people who will benefit most from the new BHS scheme are the 16 top BHS managers with the biggest pots. Sir Philip’s loyal lieutenants, in other words.  Its report holds that those lower down the corporate food chain will do comparatively less well out of the deal. The benefits they will accrue will not be as generous as they would have been had BHS remained in business, and that we knew.  However, according to the committee, the headline figure that scheme members will receive 88 per cent of their promised benefits masks a great deal of variation. Owing to less generous indexation in the new scheme, some pensioners, the report says, will receive less than 80 per cent of what they would have received under the original BHS scheme rules. That’s depressing, but hardly surprising. It’s still the case in Theresa May’s “Britain that works for everyone” that those at the top of the tree with the least need inevitably suffer the least pain when things get sticky.  The problem facing the committee is that the deal is now done. The Pensions Regulator has dropped its action against Sir Philip and signed it off. Ditto the trustees. The suggestion that Sir Philip be forced to forfeit that Sir also appears to have evaporated. Funny that.  So there is nowhere for the committee to go. Morally, of course, Sir Philip should put anything left in that £15m after the lump sums have been accounted for into the fund. That way it could go towards providing better benefits for however many of the 19,000 or so BHS pension holders remain with the scheme.  After all, it wasn’t just the top managers that worked hard for Sir Philip, made him a lot of money, did their damndest to make a success of BHS to their best of their abilities in the roles they had.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters But since when did morality come into this?  If morality had entered the picture at any stage, BHS would not have been sold to former bankrupt Dominic Chappell for £1, a man, remember, who is as close to being a retail guru as I am to taking the field for the British Lions with my mobility impairment.  You shouldn’t expect however much remains of that contingency money to end up anywhere other than back with Sir Philip, unless he fancies kicking a bit over to charity for a bit of PR. This is still a country that works best for the few.     More about: Sir Philip Green Bhs Pensions Regulator Frank Field Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Transportation Hyperloop Hyperloop startup releases cryptic images meant to prove that its hyperloop is definitely real New, 7 comments Look! Welding! by Andrew J. Hawkins@andyjayhawk Mar 21, 2017, 9:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin There are two hyperloop startups based in Los Angeles: one is extremely eager to publicize its progress on this futuristic, insanely fast transportation system, the other... not so much. Until now. Hyperloop Transportation Technologies (HTT), the more coquettish of the two startups, finally released a handful of images and a video to prove that it is building what it says is the world’s first full-scale, passenger-ready hyperloop, capable of speeds of up to 760 mph. Unfortunately, the pictures raise more questions than they answer. Let’s see what we’ve got: Something that appears to be the inside of a hyperloop tube. A mechanical arm spraying water at something. Some.... metal struts maybe? I don’t know what this is. A guy welding something. Spooky fluorescent lighting in a giant hanger thing. Aaaaaaaaand a dude’s back. All of which is meant to bolster the impression that HTT is building a real hyperloop that real people will really be able to use. The company says it’s working with Carbures, a Spanish aerospace, engineering, and defense firm, on its pod, the specs of which are pretty incredible. The capsule will be 98.5 feet long, 9 feet in diameter, and weigh 20 tons. But even with 28–40 people on board, HTT says its capsule will be able to travel 760 mph through a nearly airless tube. The construction of the capsule is underway at HTT’s Toulouse-based research and development center and will be officially unveiled in “early 2018.” Hyperloop capsule reveal planned for “early 2018” Take all that with a grain of salt. Up until this point, HTT has only released renderings and cool illustrations of its system, which purports to use passive magnetic levitation to shoot passenger-filled tubes through an airless tube at passenger jet-speeds. Last year, the company released a video that shows what the passenger experience in one of its pods would be like. By contrast, its crosstown rival, Hyperloop One, conducted a public test of its propulsion system last May, and has released a slew of images of its nearly mile-long test track that it’s building in the Nevada desert. And the company’s former head engineer (who was ousted after a nasty spat with his co-founders that turned into a now settled lawsuit) just started his own hyperloop company. So this space is filling up fast. HTT’s spokesperson has said the company is not as generous about showing off its tech in public because it’s concerned about its intellectual property being copied or ripped off. And unlike Hyperloop One, which seems to be leaning toward using its hyperloop to transport freight, HTT has consistently claimed that its system will be for passengers looking to travel long distances in mere minutes. The two companies are structured very differently, too. Hyperloop One is basically a traditional tech startup with investors and a board that includes former Obama strategist Jim Messina. HTT, on the other hand, boasts that it is a solely volunteer and crowdsourced venture. The company says it has talent from NASA, Boeing, Tesla, and SpaceX working among its 800-plus volunteers. HTT has run into bureaucratic hurdles. Its test track in California was delayed after it was revealed the company failed to complete the state’s environmental review process. With the company shifting most of its focus to Europe, it’s unclear whether HTT’s California property is still in the mix. Both companies have landed several lucrative partnerships with foreign governments, like Slovakia, Finland, and Abu Dhabi, and are in the various stages of construction and prototype testing. The real bragging rights, though, will go to the one that becomes the first to demonstrate this system’s viability. Because no one is going to volunteer to be the first passenger unless they’re sure they won’t be turned into liquid. In this Storystream Tracking Hyperloop, Elon Musk's high-speed pipe dream Hyperloop startup releases cryptic images meant to prove that its hyperloop is definitely real Hyperloop One shows off its first superfast test track in the Nevada desert View all 42 stories Next Up In Transportation Microsoft's latest attempt to get into connected cars involves patents I never wanted a camper until I saw the Bruder EXP-6 Uber offers more promises to fix its toxic culture, but the CEO is staying Verizon built Inspector Gadget’s car to promote a dongle Can you bring a phablet on a US flight from Dubai? Trump’s laptop travel restriction is a confusing mess Now Trending The Xbox One is struggling because video game exclusives still matter Where have all the Xbox One games gone? Judge Neil Gorsuch failed the horse-sized duck question Vudu can turn your old DVDs into HD digital copies, and all you need is a smartphone Scan the barcode on the movie’s case, pay $2, and you get a digital copy. Apple bought the best utility app for the iPhone, Workflow And the app is sticking around Samsung Galaxy S8: everything we know so far Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 36. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Surging Bitcoin prices inspire a wave of scams by Russell Brandom Lego’s new Star Wars Rebel Snowspeeder is a work of beauty by Andrew Liptak Is sharing fake news okay if it feels right? by James Vincent Apple imagines turning an iPhone or iPad into a touchscreen MacBook by Tom Warren 11 comments / new US ordered ‘mandatory social media check’ for visa applicants who visited ISIS territory by Amar Toor How iTunes built, and then broke, my meticulous music-listening system by Casey Newton 14 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement Jessica Shankleman Tuesday 21 March 2017 11:15 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Leaders from 195 countries have agreed the first universal, legally binding deal to cut carbon emission Getty Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Read more Brexit could 'derail' EU attempts to fight climate change Germany commissioned the report in preparation for energy and climate talks among the Group of 20 economies over the coming months. Those discussions begin this week as host Germany presents a plan for supporting the Paris accord to officials at the G-20 Sustainability Working Group. Irena, which produced the study along with the International Energy Agency, said the share of renewable energy needs to increase to 65 percent of the primary energy supply in 2050, from about 15 percent in 2015.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters That sweeping transformation of the energy sector could also force fossil fuel companies to leave $10 trillion of coal, oil, gas and other assets stranded underground and elsewhere, according to Abu Dhabi-based Irena. That’s higher than the $320 billion forecast under the IEA’s scenario. The investment in renewables and energy efficiency, however, would more than offset these losses and create about 6 million jobs, Irena found. Bloomberg More about: climate change Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Defense Drones 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 6% and Forecast to 2020   View as PDF  Print View    WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On - "Defense Drones 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 6% and Forecast to 2020". Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- The research analyst predicts the global defense drones market to grow at a CAGR of 6% during the forecast period. A defense drone or UAV is an airplane without a pilot on board. Human pilots on the ground control these machines through satellite-powered remote controls, or autonomously through onboard computers. These drones are an essential tool for modern defense forces because of their endurance and versatility, which makes them suitable for intelligence gathering and support roles for military operations. Drones can also be engineered to operate autonomously with onboard instruments with different functionalities, which are controlled and directed by instructors or an analyst operating out of a remote location in real time. The global defense industry is driven by massive investments in R&D, leading to the development of advanced technologies that enhance endurance, survivability, and functions of UAVs or drones. For instance, during 2015, the Ministry of Defense, India, announced its plans to collaborate with Lockheed Martin to develop rotary engine-powered UAVs. The rising competition between countries to possess modern and advanced weapons and technologies in the defense sector is expected to drive the growth of the defense drones market. Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/257336-global-defense-drones-market-2016-2020 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Product segmentation and analysis of defense drones market Large defense drones Small defense drones The large defense drones segment dominated the market during 2015, with a market share of 76%. Large drones such as MALE and HALE have long non-stop flight duration capabilities and can carry different payloads that vary from thermal cameras, listening antennas, and guidance lasers to various kinds of munitions. This enables large defense drones to perform tasks such as fire support, target designation, targeted strike missions, and intelligence gathering and surveillance. These advantages have been contributing to the growth of this segment. Geographical segmentation and analysis of the defense drones market Americas APAC EMEA The Americas accounted for 60% of the global market share during 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5% during the forecast period. The increasing deployment of unmanned vehicles in countries such as the US, Brazil, and Latin Americas is driving the growth of the market in this region. For instance, by 2035, the US air force plans to develop and add close to 5,000 new drones. Competitive landscape and key vendors The global defense drones market is highly concentrated in countries such as the US and Israel. The vendors in the market compete on the basis of price, quality, innovation, service, reputation, distribution, and promotion. The leading vendors in the market are - Israel Aerospace Industries General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Boeing Lockheed Martin Other prominent vendors in the market include Textron, Northrop Grumman, AeroVirnonment, and Prox Dynamics. Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/257336-global-defense-drones-market-2016-2020 Key questions answered in the report include What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2020? What are the key factors driving the global defense drones market? What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the defense drones market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global defense drones market? Trending factors influencing the market shares of the Americas, APAC, and EMEA? What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the defense drones market? Technavio also offers customization on reports based on specific client requirement. Table Of Contents - Major Key Points PART 01: Executive summary o Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report o Market overview o Top-vendor offerings PART 03: Market research methodology o Research methodology o Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction o Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape o Market size and forecast o Five forces analysis PART 06: Market segmentation by types o Global defense drones by types o Global large defense drones market o Global small defense drones market PART 07: Geographical segmentation o Global defense drones market by geography o Defense drones market in Americas o Defense drones in EMEA o Defense drones in APAC PART 08: Key leading countries PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges ...........CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=257336 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/defense-drones-2017-global-market-expected-to-grow-at-cagr-6-and-forecast-to-2020/176604 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 176604 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Albert from RI battles “Alex”; Kirk has excellent gaydar; High school coach exposed himself to players 3-22-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - LaVar Ball thinks he has NBA teams worried, 3-22-17 Dale & Holley   UNH and SI's Michael McCann with some insight on the Hernandez trial, Bart Hubbuch and Brady's jersey Weekend Shows   Christian Arcand: If I'm told Isaiah doesn't deserve a max deal because of his height again, I'm going to lose my mind. 03-19-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 55: Kirk has a proposal for Callahan and the Producers Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts It’s been three weeks, so what should we make of David... Chris Sale gives Yankees another dose of Chris Sale Latest Columns His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks a... Tim Tebow makes spring training debut against Red Sox, and it was a tr... @1:05 PM Bos Pit Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 18: Tom Caron Bradfo Sho, Ep. 17: The curious case of Carlos Quentin Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the... Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for... Latest Columns Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need wo... Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not... Latest Audio Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at... Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad... Latest Columns Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball: The NBA draft question Danny Ainge... NBA deadline passes, Celtics stand pat, and it's time to get real... Final Bos 109 Ind 100 Latest Audio Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Kirk and Callahan- Celtics lose after Thomas mishandles the... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the... Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss:... Latest Columns This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two year... As another meeting comes and goes, it's clear Bruins do not miss... @7:00 PM Bos TB Latest Audio The 1972 Bruins The 1972 Bruins National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB What to Expect from Trevor Story in Encore to... New York Mets: Final Predictions for Each Key Spring... NFL Seven Types of NFL Offseason: Which One Is Your Favorite... Biggest Needs New England Patriots Have Yet to Address This... NBA LeBron James on Cavaliers: 'You Can't Preach Toughness,... After All Their Progress, Clippers Find Themselves at a... NHL NHL Playoff Picture 2017: Latest Postseason Bracket,... NHL Playoff Standings 2017: Latest Stanley Cup Odds and... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand Late Night with Christian Arcand Mut's Best WEEI Host Bracket, 3-22-2017 Popular Audio  K&C- Kirk is done with Comcast; Gerry is in a bad mood;... K&C- Kirk says goodbye to Early Edition and Comcast 3-21-17 Latest Podcast  #DORK 6: Quentin Tarantino Movies The Real K&C – Potted plants & indefatigable pull carts... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens understands NBA concern about teams resting players Brad Stevens on why Pacers could be so dangerous for Celtics in playoffs » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Exclusive Bourbon & Bacon Fest T-Shirt Station Events WEEI with XFinity! Thu, 03/23/2017 11am WEEI with XFinity in... Fri, 03/24/2017 11am » More Events Contests 2017 Bracket Challenge Check your bracket status here. Presented by... » More Contests Boston Red Sox Super Bowl New England Patrio.. NFL Tom Brady Bill Belichick Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Dale, Holley and Keefe's FINAL DRIVE 03-20-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Dale, Holley and Keefe's FINAL DRIVE 03-20-17 Mar 20, 2017| We close out the show with the best sound clips on this Monday. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Final drive cosponsored by error has restoration specialist regardless of the season that disaster pager commercial residential or medical. Facility at any time in an heiress disaster plan in place makes your client's employees or tenants are protected learn more errors served. Dot com. Our long national nightmare is over Michael it turned out to be an international nightmare of war Tom Brady's super soldiers he has been recovered thanks to a joint effort between the Houston police in the FBI. And Houston's cheap. But the NFL and its security on blast don't let it be known that you don't mess with. Texas first and foremost let me just say I've said it before Aussie again this was the highest priority of the usual police department haven't said that. You know we're taxes and this is taxes and the only blemish that we had in the Super Bowl happened because of these jerseys. There were stolen from the NFL's. Locker room. You know that was on there you should do you control that ball security officer on the control these police department. But it was nonetheless a blemish of I should Ruble and unfortunately. Four for the people that did this you don't cut the taxes. And embarrass us here in our home turf right guys. So we decided it. I'll put this together and all of the I would just add that as I just hope that the NFL security takes a look at. Because they are the ones responsible for secure in the locker rooms they really need to check their protocols. And their efforts because this is at least two Jersey were aware of and obviously required the response from the Haitian police department and other partners to recover them. You know. It's like that the Texas bravado became the wrong state you know science so. You don't come to Texas. And you don't steal when the eyes of the world are upon. Our state I'm again I'm very proud of all of our team that went out and found those who suspect and as a result who's been recovered. Except he did go to Texas and he didn't heads and yet Adam for over Honduras and out now he's going to be charged with grand theft. They caught flat but what if they knock on effects is doing and do. He did it did. They text mode didn't put. There's consequences that's what his point. What that we don't mess with the past and you don't comes next you know steel went immediately to Texas national. And he's gonna go to jail. This is how we don't rest of my activist Edward Jerry yeah block of mom and dad are 1012 years and I know your way always informative notre. You would notice we have some supplements a couple of years back probably leave it behind bars he. Probably maybe behind bars I won't be now. Japan primarily this is Texas we're talking about stellar. Off light. Well over efforts are about to prove they can big babies down element of truth they so out of those entries are evil with it and there needs repairs to the star pop stars on the History Channel. Gave his thoughts on the cover of the Jersey it'd update on its potential value. It's recovered well. And I'm pretty your. Sets and it's got a lot more. Press out like a little bit more often heard stories in my view it's clear. At a charity auction. At charity auction to insulate. Those prices go actually seen this. In such situations all the tax right so god knows what order curiosity because those are real hawk so. So I admired by its recruiter. It can operate out of Tom Brady. We drove me to it would be let what what what part are the topic operate decades and make your case it would be yours. Oh yeah wanted to sell. Your program cancer. As opposed to. Auction. Also you know it's only had better would be to get cash and a. Okay she's Russian translation happy fleets yeah yeah. Let it terrible pitch and I literally just they're worth 200000 if not more at bats that your pitching a hundred. I. I bet you would that cash right now now go to Israel but those who wants to show you excuse me off the frame men and there's overhead that you know it's so emotional for awhile that cost money and dumpster. Speaking of the FBI while giving testimony on Capitol Hill today FBI director James homey let it be known that he doesn't follow president trump in one particular area. I think it's too closer limits the sides of the same coin in to put it only metaphor I hate to New England Patriots. And no matter who they play I'd like them to lose. And so I'm at the same time rooting against the patriots and hoping their opponents beats them there's only two teams on the field. But what the intelligence community concluded was early on they hatred for mrs. Clinton was it was all the way along. When mr. trump became a nominee there was some sense that it be great if he could win be great if we could help them we need to hurt her no matter what. And then it shifted to he has no chance so this is focused on undermining her. We said David James homely not the right to be dealt. That was. Doesn't exactly repairs and they feel exactly like they say the cynics in cadence and everything comb these little more intimate little warmer than the Dell computers have definitely dried out. That Rodgers. Extra. The 2008 world champion Celtics are playing it anniversary vacation together for next year. And former Seoul's point guard Ron Toronto let it be known that Ray Allen won't be invited because of the way he left the seas stimulus money to join the brawn and heat. Rondo is talking crap for not wanted to have laborers taking crap for not wanted to invite ray but when ray left town you remember Paul Pierce the needs eight Kevin Garnett. Kind of shared those same sentiments. Us a little disappointed because I wouldn't feel so special here. Me him KG starting. Championship bringing the Celtics back to life you know so that aspect newsroom this morning. I don't feel like we've lost threats like ray left us that we tried to give me back and he chose to go to Miami this before where. Thanks for. Reception. There is children it's. Cagey right. That would guard. And certainly walls were two albums that does not play at all. It was so let's focus gatekeeper one totally ignored Q what was your reaction when your. That's stated he. Invited to become diluted down all of them have been yeah I get my mind made. The eyes that I did they do yet now's Currie of for an audio there for all those guys haven't won nothing to do ground. You remember army reaching keeper madness we expose carrier average belief. That he believes that the earth is flat and not you believe you had to rely on earlier this round. Yes thank you. You believe there were yes but I heard that there one that there's no hula there is still it was a gaffe hurts a crippling my poorly that we are you would. If you lose your serve very bad visuals of the shadow of the year Decatur they use the super earth that has got this guy on earth is flat. All the earth is flat Eric furthest left is that is that. That was on the are the road trip from RJ each inning as any fried Richard Jefferson's podcast. Carrier ring was up was on their terms however it's well. Or are there of his life for the fight turns out Harriet and a lot of that we've entered Shaquille O'Neal. There's there's true to a broad blue blue bird flu to a check what are you talking about learning from. No it's not your loose. Know if there's others who do you ways to manipulate the month. Which read what you see what you hear. Conspiracies. In school firstly there to chooses own Columbus discovered America. But when he got there there was some. A fair skinned people with them all here smoke another piece first so what does that tell you the new Obama didn't discover America found were a little blurry glimpse. I drive from coast to coast and throughout. And we know could. Prove powerful defense of the government you know exactly how drug testing. Others think you've ever such local store McDonald's yeah. It's not a definite high and there are ninety podcasting that's the dumbest thing you never say it's a high bar to get over how. I did not go over and I heard three yards and sixty degree angle and olestra for Barbara everything factored in the dust settle and let a legacy and always build so you removed tumor or a chatters on the rest. China plus if you say all right there has a value here again world's elite dug straight to your backyard genius yeah merger will let us. Not fly and we've seen earth. It's another shot you see it from satellite pictures of similar merger could be the going to be drone owning. While and on Shaq and I we've we've heard Shaq pocket for years of all kinds of stuff you need this Jack well you think you're no Jack could anyway. You're all right is that I know he was they Arnold's lack okay. OK if you don't have a lot of years a lot of things that got on the grounds that wrecked there at that this on. So that was the carrier ring particularly over slowly forming a great basketball team. Some guys who all thing appear that's why these guys that have flown all over the world. They all know that there is what I've driven close the closer approach to go to forgot what they. A speaker geniuses Tennessee quarterback Josh dobbs. Is it the NFL draft this year and that means he had to sit down what Jon Gruden and his QB can't segment for ESPN. Dobbs owes an aerospace engineering major. And that prompted gruden to find out if he is maybe as Smart as dobbs. You gotta come clean on the edge. You know I actually read this guys build an airplane and your major is aerospace. Engineer now. That means you're you are legitimate Iraqi side legit but it is real quick some of these classes you take it there. Mechanisms. I like honors fluid mechanics. This stuff girl's day seminar you know he's he's up that meant that I. You know ask me questions. You can't be that hard that's in question have you act like you're so Smart a Boeing seven and 47 flying. Cruise altitude of 30000 feet. Far and if you go 500 miles per hour or was it steady level flight conditions and how long and then lastly you'll you'll. Without me. I ask me any good actors I don't know. Color drachmas. Just. Stuff. That is from my friend cents a all four of his final fourteen were limited in the first round they're photographer my efforts are now it really wasn't Villanova and he went through the entire bracket when it. Villanueva who you had the final Michael Padgett Louisville. Notre Dame. Notre Dame and Wichita State or anything Notre Dame Wichita State I don't know probably they're all over Villanova who commands the Notre Dame which they work one seeds. That sort of audio on Twitter at sports announced we may have a window. And why might picks were so bad he can't keep his own analysis straight we'll start with a clip from might show last Tuesday out of Philly what's up dump. And it might hurt your assets and who. If you want that they think that are gonna happen I think what we're gonna take down Notre Dame can't tell you I'd quit. I think that I'd I'd I'd will be I will be absolutely. Stunned. If that happens the way Notre Dame plays Notre Dame is so precise offensively. They are not going to be forced into bad shots they're not gonna take them lightly I will be stunned if that happens absolute I think that is that I think that is a terrible place for an upset I'd like to talk I could not disagree more. Those guns he he stuff done he got his gun at Notre Dame lost. So that's nice superstars usually hears Michael Redd says that the very next day those of the fives and everybody always picks the final set which is why haven't people pick in principle though. Absolutely it's Princeton windstorm identity stolen that lol I'm these phones. I will be. Absolutely stunned. If that happens tomorrow I gonna be stolen that low who have these problems I will be absolutely. Stunned. If that happens tomorrow I gonna be stolen that low though these phones. I will be looked a lot as a president who went after that I don't know if that is the low I don't know these. Notre Dame did win that game is very close close game very well and I was ready all of that low during the responded to that point or two or four point game one of those things like 6058. After posting a point there I'm also prepared food. I think every prison with a couple yeah I have a couple of got a quick to have them there is great if I want it to 12. Yeah and every night all right if you wanna come visit you know about a 100000 U wonderful to me doctor yeah. I'm okay people don't have brag about it all right I want to brag maybe you'll brag about time he won I don't wanna do that. On once visited of the good experience that every picture right now we pick him again of them all wireless. Us that there tomorrow I'll be an exercise right they just we all range he's received my Olympic cauldron for all of them you might be correct I can't wait for the made easy for you tomorrow we'll also have a lot on the the big Celtics game tonight in the Bruins as wells that's it for us. Crystal on the in Vermont at night next Albion where the the first hour. Of that program as well. A Sports Radio that he media. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the [..] + Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their [..] + Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the [..] + Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to [..] - Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two years With 11 games left in the 2015 season, the Bruins went on a 5-3-3 ‘slide’ of [..] + John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air [..] - John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air Force One, Clay Buchholz stupidity, other [..] Random thoughts while secretly hoping the Russians help me win the K&C A-Hole [..] + Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle [..] - Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not [..] Bill Belichick and the Patriots are always searching for value in free agency and a lot [..] + Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves [..] - Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at grabbing No. 1 seed in the east Don't look now but the Celtics are now in stride to top the Cavaliers for the [..] + Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season [..] - Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad Stevens’ approach to resting players late in season If there's one dividend from the early season injury bug that the Celtics are [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the playoffs When concussions cut Marc Savard's NHL career entirely too short, there was [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss: ‘I’ve got to be better’ The goals are not coming like they once did for Bruins winger David Pastrnak. [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the change’ 2017 appears to be the year of cryptic social media posts and Malcolm Butler is [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for 2017 The NFL is always looking to improve its game and these changes typically take [..] + Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on [..] - Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in trouble I want to believe David Price is fine. I do. But when that requires accepting the existence of [..] + Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind [..] - Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks ahead FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Most of life gets easier with repetition. SATs jump from junior year to [..] + Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the Patriots [..] + Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the moves [..] + Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their 4-2 [..] + Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- [..] - Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how to hit back Ready for some tough love, Celtics fans? Your C's are stumbling toward another early playoff [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Bracket Challenge for a chance to win $500, an autographed Celtics basketball and Wise Snacks for a year. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 24, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Pollution clean-up Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Pollution clean-up Lawmakers press NASA to save historic rocket test stands at Santa Susana Field Lab Rocket test stands at the Coca area used for testing Saturn-V and Apollo moon rocket engines at the Santa Susana Field Lab, Thursday, April 8, 2010. Boeing has filed a lawsuit to overturn a state mandate that says they have to clean the Santa Susana Field Lab to agricultural standards, the highest standards that exist. (Michael Owen Baker/Staff Photographer) By Dana Bartholomew, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 03/21/17, 4:45 PM PDT | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Rep. Steve Knight, R-Palmdale (File AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) SIMI VALLEY >> It had tested the rocket engines that launched the first American astronauts into space, and some of the last. And as local officials push for a more stringent environmental cleanup of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory, federal lawmakers are urging NASA to preserve its historic rocket test stands. Despite their historical significance, they say the stands are at risk of the wrecking ball as workers remove contaminated dirt from the nearly 2,700-acre lab above Simi Valley that helped develop rocket engines for a half century after World War II. “We understand the need to complete the cleanup of toxic chemicals in the area from the many years of research and testing,” said Rep. Steve Knight, R-Palmdale, a co-author of a bipartisan letter Tuesday to Robert Lightfoot, acting administrator for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. “However, the environmental protection mission and the preservation of such an important piece of our shared history are not mutually exclusive goals,” it said. “It would be a tragedy to lose these test stands and deny future generations the ability to connect with this history and humanity’s ongoing search for a better understanding of our universe.” The letter was also signed by Reps. Julia Brownley, D-Thousand Oaks; Tony Cárdenas, D-Panorama City; Adam Schiff, D-Burbank; and Brad Sherman, D-Sherman Oaks. • RELATED STORY: LA County to press for full cleanup of Santa Susana Field Laboratory Knight, who represents a sliver of the north San Fernando Valley, is the son of the late William “Pete” Knight, a lawmaker and former U.S. Air Force test pilot famous for breaking postwar speed records. First built in 1949, the vertical test stands at the sprawling Santa Susana Field Laboratory in the Simi Hills between Chatsworth and Simi Valley led to pioneering aeronautics achievements by Rocketdyne Propulsion & Power, based in Canoga Park. They include the first American-made large liquid propellant rocket engine, the Mercury-Redstone rocket, which launched the first American astronaut and satellite into space and the Saturn and Apollo missions, including the first missions to land astronauts on the moon in 1969. And the Space Transportation System, whose Space Shuttles flew 542,398,878 miles without an engine mishap before retiring in July 2011. • RELATED STORY: Part of San Fernando Valley’s storied space race history vanishes The field lab, which closed in 2006 after five decades of developing rocket engines and nuclear reactor, is in the middle of a multi-billion-dollar environmental cleanup. Advertisement Last week, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors joined Ventura County and the city of Los Angeles in calling for a full clean-up of the contaminated site owned by Boeing, NASA and the Department of Energy. Though the site is in Ventura County — about two miles from the border of Los Angeles County — radioactive and chemical contaminants remaining in the soil, stormwater runoff and airborne dust particles have affected residents in the western San Fernando Valley, according to Supervisor Sheila Kuehl. Kuehl and Supervisor Kathryn Barger supported demanding the highest level of cleanup — “back to the site’s native environmental state” — of the portion of land controlled by the DOE. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at dana.bartholomew@dailynews.com or follow Dana on Twitter: @DN_DanaBart. Full bio and more articles by Dana Bartholomew Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Trump Signs Bill Authorizing NASA's Exploration of Mars Trump Signs Bill Authorizing NASA's Exploration of Mars Duration: 00:48s - Published: 2 days ago< > Embed Donald Trump President Donald Trump authorized $19.5 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2017. 2 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Trump Signs Bill Authorizing NASA's Exploration of Mars President Donald Trump signed a law that will let NASA focus on sending humans to Mars someday. It's called the  NASA Transition Authorization Act , and it gives the agency a $19.5 billion budget for the fiscal year that started Oct. 1. A good portion of the act focuses on sending a crewed mission to Mars in 2033. In fact, the red planet is mentioned dozens of times. NASA is already working toward that goal. It will use part of its budget to fund its Orion crew capsule and Space Launch System rocket. The  end goal  for those systems is sending astronauts to Mars. SEE MORE: Whether It's To The Moon Or Mars, NASA Wants Astronauts Flying Soon But before it can do that, NASA plans to launch a crewed mission to an area near the moon in 2021. The law also prioritizes robotic mission to Europa, one of Jupiter's moons, and it encourages NASA to continue working with companies like Boeing and SpaceX to deliver cargo to the International Space Station. This law is separate from Trump's  proposed budget  unveiled last week. Recent related news Donald Trump Signs Bill Authorizing NASA Budget, Mars ExplorationPresident Donald Trump signed a bill into law on Tuesday that authorizes $19.5 billion in NASA... Huffington Post 2 days ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •Seattle Times •redOrbit •DNA •ANI News You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Lewis Hamilton Barack Obama George W. Bush Current Topics London Attack Westminster Ukraine World Baseball Classic Terror Attack Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Stop The Presses - Piers Morgan Is Voluntarily Shutting His Mouth Twitter Is Continuing To Crack Down On Terrorism - Here's What They've Done So Far New British Bake-Off Presenters Confirmed - Who's Moving To Channel 4? MOVIE REVIEW: Personal Shopper Our Spidey Senses Are Tingling - There's a Movie Spin-Off On The Way MOVIE REVIEW: Beauty and the Beast WHY Is Netflix Changing Its Ratings System? How Is The Nintendo Switch Doing Two Weeks In? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 39 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 23, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 23, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 39 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login New security measure could cause trip rerouting By DAVID KOENIG The Associated Press First Published Mar 21 2017 12:42PM    •    Last Updated Mar 21 2017 12:42 pm FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) FILE - In this May 21, 2016, file photo, an EgyptAir plane flies past minarets of a mosque as it approaches Cairo International Airport, in Cairo, Egypt. A new U.S. security measure targeting flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. An electronics ban affects flights from international airports to the U.S. from in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Dallas • A new U.S. security measure banning many electronic devices on flights from eight mostly Muslim countries is leading travelers to reconsider their plans to fly through some airports in the Middle East. Paula Berger, an energy-company manager, and a co-worker have tickets to fly from Houston through Dubai to Hyderabad, India, where her company has an office. The new rules would require Berger to surrender the laptop she carries and put it in checked baggage on the return trip next month. She is worried the device could be stolen. "I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said Tuesday. "We might have to suck it up and go through Dubai." VIDEOS TOP JOBS The U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that passengers on U.S.-bound flights at 10 airports in the Middle East and North Africa will have to check electronics bigger than a cellphone. The only exception is for medical devices. Laptops, tablets, cameras and other gadgets will have to be placed in checked baggage. The order is a concern for business travelers, journalists and other professionals who work on the devices and use them to store sensitive information. Tourism officials worry that the order could heighten people's fears of an attack and discourage them from traveling. Jonathan Grella, an executive vice president for the U.S. Travel Association, said he hopes that the government is trying to make travel more secure, not to suppress it, and that the U.S. still welcomes business and leisure visitors. Analysts said some travelers who want to keep their devices with them will switch to flights that reach the U.S. from Europe or Asia, even if it means an extra connection. For business travelers, the ban on laptops in the cabin "is a potential productivity killer," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant in Port Washington, New York. "If you were planning to work on the flight, you've just burned 14 hours of your day." Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst in San Francisco, said some companies forbid employees from putting expensive company property such as laptops in checked bags, where theft is always a risk. Making matters worse for passengers, most airlines say in their policies that they don't cover or they limit compensation for expensive items such as electronics that are placed in checked bags. Naureen Shah, Senior Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International USA, warned the order poses risks to journalists and human rights advocates, "who will be forced to hand over laptops and devices containing sensitive information, potentially compromising their sources." A senior administration official said the U.S. would not go after data on passengers' devices. If the security measure causes passengers to fly home through Europe, the beneficiaries are likely to be U.S. airlines or their European partners, who operate many flights to the U.S. from London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and other transportation hubs. U.S. government officials say the order will affect about 50 flights a day — there are about 2,100 airline flights to the U.S. each day, according to the Department of Transportation. More than half of the affected flights are operated by three Middle Eastern carriers: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. They are growing rapidly and adding new destinations in the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, two of the countries covered by the electronics measure. All three have built their business on routing long-haul international traffic through their desert hubs rather than relying on the smaller local markets. And they are big buyers of Boeing and Airbus planes. Etihad passengers at Abu Dhabi International Airport in the United Arab Emirates go through a passport-inspection facility staffed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents — the only one of its kind in the Middle East — allowing them to arrive in the U.S. as if they were on a domestic flight. That arrangement, however, was not enough to spare the airport from being covered by the new security measure. The security order comes as the biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — lobby the Trump administration to crack down on those Middle Eastern rivals, whom the U.S. carriers accuse of getting unfair subsidies from their governments that let them undercut U.S. airlines on fares. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Advocacy groups ask feds to investigate Mormon church for allegedly procuring 'favors' from foreign Jazz's 20-year reunion brings NBA Finals season to life Utah Jazz: Rudy Gobert's career night powers 108-101 win over Knicks Mormons and plastic surgery -- a connection that is more myth than reality BYU football: Riley Burt is back and ready to roll for Cougs after redshirt season ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Air Canada - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Lise Fournel Sells 4,000 Shares of Air Canada (AC) Stock Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Air Canada (TSE:AC) insider Lise Fournel sold 4,000 shares of Air Canada stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$13.72, for a total value of C$54,880.00. Lise Fournel also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, March 15th, Lise Fournel sold 10,000 shares of Air Canada stock. The stock was sold at an average price of C$13.29, for a total value of C$132,900.00. Air Canada (TSE:AC) traded down 1.11% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $13.33. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 194,066 shares. The firm has a market cap of $3.64 billion and a P/E ratio of 4.30. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $13.53 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.87. Air Canada has a 52 week low of $8.05 and a 52 week high of $14.85. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. TD Securities reissued an “action list buy” rating and set a C$21.00 target price on shares of Air Canada in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating and set a C$12.50 target price on shares of Air Canada in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Macquarie lifted their target price on Air Canada from C$14.00 to C$17.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Scotiabank decreased their target price on Air Canada from C$16.00 to C$15.50 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, CIBC lifted their target price on Air Canada from C$17.50 to C$19.50 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of C$16.44. Air Canada Company Profile AIR Canada is a domestic, United States transborder and international airline company. The Company is a provider of scheduled passenger services in the Canadian market, the Canada-United States transborder market and in the international market to and from Canada. The Company’s mainline operates a fleet of over 170 aircraft, including Airbus narrow-body aircraft, Boeing and Airbus wide-body aircraft, and Embraer 190 regional jets. Receive News & Ratings for Air Canada Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Barclays PLC Boosts SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Price Target to $42.00 Next » George Laplante Sells 3,226 Shares of Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Follow P&I on Passive investment train overtakes active in corporate DC plans Passive investments pull ahead of active management for the first time since P&I began tracking data from the 100 biggest corporate defined contribution plans. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » Parrikar could have been a great defence minister but... Parrikar could have been a great defence minister but... March 21, 2017 09:15 IST 'A month after assuming charge, Parrikar promised a policy within six months to "end or at least reduce" terrorist infiltration across the Line of Control.' 'However, infiltration continued apace, leading to high-profile terrorist attacks in Gurdaspur, Pathankot, and Uri.' 'During this phase, he made the controversial suggestion that India should fight terror with terror, hinting at supporting terror groups to strike in Pakistan,' observes Ajai Shukla. IMAGE: Defence Minister Manohar Parikkar interacts with soldiers at the Uri Brigade camp which was attacked by terrorists, September 18, 2016. Photograph: Umar Ganie Finance Minister Arun Jaitley holds additional charge of the defence ministry after Manohar Parrikar abruptly moved back to Goa to cobble together a Bharatiya Janata Party government there. Jaitley had earlier held additional charge of the defence ministry for almost six months, from May 26, 2014, when the National Democratic Alliance government was sworn in, to November 10, 2014, when Parrikar moved in from Goa. Nor did Parrikar give defence his undivided attention, seemingly preparing for the last 28 months to return to Goa. Almost every Friday, he would fly to Goa, nurture his pocket borough all weekend, and return to Delhi on Monday morning. Parrikar liked to say that, as a technologist from the Indian Institute of Technology, he was equipped to be defence minister. Yet, he also proved himself to be a skilled politician who understood the benefit of nurturing a secure political base. During Parrikar's tenure as defence minister, his successor in Goa, Laxmikant Parsekar, was little more than a placeholder. Parrikar cleared most major decisions relating to Goa and also retained close links across Goa's political spectrum. These relationships make Parrikar essential in a situation where the BJP, which won only 13 seats in the 40-member assembly, is upstaging the Congress that won 17 seats. Requiring the support of eight non-BJP members of the legislative assembly for a majority, Parrikar won over two smaller parties, the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party and the Goa Forward Party with three MLAs each, and also two Independent MLAs. Underlining Parrikar's stature and influence in Goa, these swing MLAs offered to support the BJP only if Parrikar were appointed chief minister. Compared to this deft political manoeuvring, Parrikar can boast of less success as defence minister. Why PM needs a Parrikar 2.0 as Raksha Mantri While deserving credit for backing indigenisation unstintingly, Parrikar was unable during his truncated tenure in office to push through procurement reform, make up even the most glaring of the equipment deficiencies that hamstring the military's operational capability, or galvanise private defence industry to 'Make in India,' creating jobs and technological capability. Even so, Parrikar is esteemed by defence industry, including private Indian firms and global majors. Unlike the Congress' A K Antony, who isolated himself from private industrialists, Parrikar made himself completely accessible to captains of industry. Before joining politics, Parrikar had functioned as a technology entrepreneur, doing business with the Defence Research and Development Organisation. That convinced him the private sector had to be given a leading role in defence innovation and in creating jobs through galvanising manufacturing. However, Parrikar was unable to wean away his bureaucrats (the defence ministry has five secretaries and dozens of senior officers) from their traditional coddling of the defence ministry's public sector undertakings and the Ordnance Factory Board. The defence ministry's bureaucrats consistently resisted Parrikar's efforts to provide a level playing field to public and private industry. Parrikar flaunted his commendable reformist streak, but invariably over-promised and then grossly overshot his time-targets. Soon after assuming charge, Parrikar publicly promised a new 'blacklisting policy' within a month, in which offending vendors would be targeted with heavy financial penalties, rather than blanket bans on dealings with the MoD. Two years later, a watered-down blacklisting policy was issued, but without clear financial penalties and with no buy-in from the MoD bureaucracy. The defence minister must take all blacklisting decisions. A month after assuming charge, Parrikar promised a policy within six months to 'end or at least reduce' terrorist infiltration across the Line of Control. However, infiltration continued apace, leading to high-profile terrorist attacks in Gurdaspur, Pathankot, and Uri. During this phase, he made the controversial suggestion that India should fight terror with terror, hinting at supporting terror groups to strike in Pakistan. Criticism seldom dented Parrikar's self-confidence, with the minister insisting: 'Once you have good intentions, there can be no questions about the quality of (your) judgement.' Parrikar immodestly proclaimed himself good at understanding complicated matters, isolating key issues and arriving at the right decision. Yet, Parrikar's failures stand out. The most notable has been in the realm of 'Make in India' -- the raising of indigenous manufacture in order to raise employment. Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself stated several times that defence manufacture would be one of the pillars of 'Make in India.' Yet, opposition from his bureaucrats held back Parrikar's 'strategic partner' policy -- in which the MoD assesses and nominates Indian private firms as automatic manufacturing partners and technology recipients for different realms of equipment, such as aircraft, helicopters, tanks, etc. Consequently, global aircraft vendors like Boeing and Saab, eager to manufacture their fighters in India, do not know whom to partner, since no SP has been nominated by the MoD. Yet, bureaucrats steadfastly oppose the SP policy, since nominating a company would open them to charges of favouritism and, perhaps, investigation. Similarly, Parrikar failed to deliver on his oft repeated promise to simplify and expedite procurement, and to produce a simple, short, easy-to-implement defence procurement policy that would allow the military to quickly make up glaring equipment deficiencies. The DPP-2016 that has been issued is as verbose and procedure driven as its seven previous versions. And buying equipment remains problematic, as evident from the MoD's surrender of unexpended capital allocations at the end of each year. Defence industry is abuzz with speculation about who will replace Parrikar. Despite his shortcomings, Parrikar's penchant for interaction had given him a multi-dimensional perspective of the problems facing the defence industry. The next defence minister, who will take over from Jaitley, will start a learning process afresh. Don't miss the MUST READ features in the RELATED LINKS below... Ajai Shukla Source: Tags: Manohar Parrikar, Goa, Bharatiya Janata Party, Arun Jaitley, Line of Control Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED SEE: What Parrikar says about the Army Parrikar will be missed at defence ministry Revealed: How the surgical strikes ops unfolded Can Parrikar overhaul defence procurement? 'In 2 years, not 1 case of corruption in defence ministry' 10 Life Lessons From Kangana Ranaut Quiz: How well do you know Kangana? 'Don't forget there are 180 mn Muslims in this country' 'Heard a thud, saw a man lying in a pool of blood' 5 killed, 40 injured in 'sick and depraved' UK Parliament attack 'Hope Rahul Gandhi is Congress's 2019 PM candidate' Repeated clashes between ruling, Opposition sides in LS 'Yogi played a bigger role than Modi in UP election' 'Babri Masjid is not an ego issue for Muslims' Babri Masjid dispute: SC verdict on Advani, Joshi adjourned till Thursday Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Actor Raja Murad at Pune airport Reader Deepak Nayak sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2014 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 57° 57° Low 52° High 69° Fri 54° 70° Sat 53° 68° Sun 54° 70° See complete forecast BREAKING: ISIS Claims Follower Was Behind London Rampage Cypress Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Prison For Contacting Underage Girls Through Social Media, Committing Lewd Acts Posted 4:55 PM, March 20, 2017, by Mariel Turner, Updated at 04:57PM, March 20, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Michael Theodore Mordaunt is shown in a booking photo. (Credit: Garden Grove Police Department) × Cypress Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Prison For Contacting Underage Girls Through Social Media, Committing Lewd Acts Michael Theodore Mordaunt is shown in a booking photo. (Credit: Garden Grove Police Department) A 47-year-old Cypress man was sentenced to 12 years in state prison on Monday after contacting underage girls through social media with the intent to commit lewd acts, according to the Orange County District Attorney’s office. Michael Theodore Mordaunt, pleaded guilty to 19 felony counts of contacting a child with the intent to commit a specified crime, five felony counts of lewd acts upon a child age 14 or 15, two felony counts of lewd acts upon a child under 14, three felony counts of meeting a minor with the intent to engage in lewd conduct, one felony count of possession and control of child pornography, and a sentencing enhancement allegation for substantial sexual conduct with a child, the OCDA said in a press release. Mordaunt created several Myspace and Facebook accounts between February 2009 and January 2014 using the image of young, teenage boy surfing. He then messaged the victims, the majority of whom were between 12 and 16-years-old, prosecutors said. Mordaunt had sexually explicit conversations with the girls through phone calls and text messages. He requested and received sexually explicit photos from the victims and attempted to meet with them, according to the prosecutors. Mordaunt, who was an employee in the Information Technology Department at the Boeing Company in Seal Beach at the time of the crime, committed lewd acts with girls on several occasions. The Cypress Police Department and Garden Grove Police Department began separate investigations into the case in 2013. In addition to prison, Mordaunt was also sentenced to mandatory lifetime sex offender registration. Filed in: Local News Topics: Cypress Police Department, garden grove police department, range County District Attorney's office Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Twitter Popular 21 Airlines to Move Terminals Overnight During Massive LAX Relocation Effort in Mid-May Missing Chicago Teen Was Apparently Gang-Raped on Facebook Live as Dozens Watched Before She Was Found: Report Viral Big Chicken Video Isn’t a Fake, But Footage Has Left Some Terrified Man Who Went to Register as Sex Offender Dies After Shootout With Deputies at Temple City Sheriff’s Station: LASD Latest News Fire Started by Man Who Was Burning Books Destroys at Least 10 Homes in Florida Fire Destroys Church Owned by White Supremacist in North Dakota House Set to Vote on Obamacare Repeal Bill Thursday London Attack: ISIS Claims Follower Was Behind Rampage Local News Ex-L.A. County Deputy Sentenced to 180 Days in Jail, Probation for Sexually Abusing 12 Year-Old Costa Mesa Girl Local News Youth Pastor Sentenced to Prison for Sexually Assaulting 2 Boys at Church Events in Orange County Local News Former Monterey Park High School Tennis Coach Convicted of Having Sexual Relationship With Underage Girl Local News 81-Year-Old Former O.C. Missionary Gets 18 Years for Sexually Assaulting Girls Under Age 10 Local News Commerce Swim Coach Repeatedly Sexually Assaulted 7-Year-Old Girl, Threatened Her: DA Local News ‘He’s a Monster,’ Mom Says as Torrance Man Is Sentenced in ‘Horrific’ Kidnapping, Sex Assault of 2-Year-Old Girl Local News L.A. County Probation Officer Charged in Sexual Assaults of Teen Girls at Youth Camp: DA Local News High School Swim Coach Charged With Alleged Sexual Assault of 3 Female Students in Orange County: DA Local News Former Franklin High Football Coach Gets 36 Years in Prison for Sexually Abusing Players Local News Cerritos College Football Player Charged With Forcible Rape Was Previously Convicted of Rape as a Teen Local News Man Sentenced to 22 Years in Prison for Attacking Boy in Long Beach Restaurant Bathroom Stall Local News Man, 21, Sentenced to 3 Years in Prison for Raping 72-Year-Old Woman in Huntington Beach Local News Woman Jailed for Months in ‘Rape Fantasy’ Ads Hoax Was Framed by Ex-Fiance’s Wife: Orange County DA Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
