Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies AFP on October 4, 2016, 8:38 am US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - The Obama administration said Monday that it will press the World Trade Organization to enforce a panel report that found the European Union guilty of maintaining illegal subsidies to Airbus. The US Trade Representative plans a special meeting at the WTO on October 14 as it defends US aircraft producer Boeing's market position against what it calls unfair competition from its European rival. That follows the September 22 finding of a WTO appeals board that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The US wants the WTO to formally adopt the appeals panel's findings, and "will press for the rapid enforcement of those findings in a special meeting of the WTO's Dispute Settlement Body," the US Trade Representative's office said in a statement. "We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," said Michael Froman, the US trade representative. "We need to resolve these disputes once and for all." The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The WTO did not give a value to those programs, but Boeing said they amounted to $22 billion worth of illegal support for Airbus development and sales. Boeing also claimed that as a result of the September 22 ruling, the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. At the time, the European Union said it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory" and noted it had the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. Washington has said it is ready to negotiate a solution over the broader dispute. But Froman said in a statement that the US "is strongly committed to enforcing the rights of the United States under our trade agreements and we will use every tool at our disposal to expedite these cases for the benefit of American businesses and workers." Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News CCTV captures man carrying liquid container moments before Melbourne bank blast Brisbane mother delivers her baby in front seat of car A Brisbane mother has given birth in the passenger seat of her family car after her little boy couldn’t wait to enter the world. Man dressed as hammerhead shark throws net over Premier Mike Baird in protest A man has thrown a net on Premier Mike Baird at a press conference announcing five new shark nets off the NSW far north coast. 'I’m allowed to put on weight now': Former female jockey hits back at fat-shamers A female jockey forced to retire after a shocking race fall has hit out at her ‘fat-shaming’ critics, saying she doesn’t “need to be skinny anymore”. Woman bursts into tears after admitting 'repulsive' sex acts with her dog A woman who pleaded guilty to bestiality, stabbing a woman with a fork and biting a child will be sentenced on Monday. Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters A Sydney journalist has been left bruised and bloodied after being attacked by a supporter of Tarek Assaad, whose gangland brother was shot dead last month. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Police catch giant python after it ate villager's ducks Man combines love of tea and bungy jumping to break world record 'In Russia, the bus catches you': Texting jaywalker smashed by bus Crowd cheers as Sydney schoolboys beat each other in savage brawl Warne, Slater, KP in hot water over in-car Facebook video Monkey adopted by herd of goats in China WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! OUR PICKS Meakin sentenced to 18 years jail for hit-run murder Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters WA mum punched, robbed at petrol station English tourist dies after diving off Port Douglas MOST VIEWED Polar bear captured giving dog a pat in Canada Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies By Afp Published: 17:39 EST, 3 October 2016 | Updated: 17:39 EST, 3 October 2016 e-mail The Obama administration said Monday that it will press the World Trade Organization to enforce a panel report that found the European Union guilty of maintaining illegal subsidies to Airbus. The US Trade Representative plans a special meeting at the WTO on October 14 as it defends US aircraft producer Boeing's market position against what it calls unfair competition from its European rival. That follows the September 22 finding of a WTO appeals board that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus ©Pascal Pavani (AFP/File) The US wants the WTO to formally adopt the appeals panel's findings, and "will press for the rapid enforcement of those findings in a special meeting of the WTO's Dispute Settlement Body," the US Trade Representative's office said in a statement. "We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," said Michael Froman, the US trade representative. "We need to resolve these disputes once and for all." The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The WTO did not give a value to those programs, but Boeing said they amounted to $22 billion worth of illegal support for Airbus development and sales. Boeing also claimed that as a result of the September 22 ruling, the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. At the time, the European Union said it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory" and noted it had the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. Washington has said it is ready to negotiate a solution over the broader dispute. But Froman said in a statement that the US "is strongly committed to enforcing the rights of the United States under our trade agreements and we will use every tool at our disposal to expedite these cases for the benefit of American businesses and workers." The World Trade Organization is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing ©Toshifumi Kitamura (AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

LOG IN REGISTER RSS FEEDS CONTACT US VIEW CART  SITEMAP [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Home Quick Links: 2016 Leadership in Law honorees IL 25th anniversary stories 2015 Practicing Law in Indiana survey results NEWS Law Firm Big Law Midsize Law Solo and Small Firm Courts Indiana Court of Appeals Indiana Supreme Court Indiana Tax Courts State trial courts 7th Circuit Court of Appeals Supreme Court of the United States District Courts Pro bono/Legal aid Law Schools Indiana Tech Law School Indiana University Maurer School of Law Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law University of Notre Dame Law School Valparaiso University School of Law Discipline Government General Assembly State agencies Federal agencies Opinion Indiana Lawyer Editorial Letters to the Editor Features IN THIS ISSUE Top Stories Focus Opinion In Brief On The Move Indiana Lawyer Digital Newspaper BAR ASSOCS. Indiana State Bar Association Allen County Bar Association Evansville Bar Association Indianapolis Bar Association More Bar Associations Lake County Bar Association Marion County Bar Association St. Joseph County Bar Association Other local bar associations Defense Trial Counsel of Indiana Indiana Trial Lawyers Association CORP. COUNSEL Submit profile for Corporate Counsel Guide In-house counsel profiles Corporate Counsel Guide People on the move Submit On the Move View On the Move Opinions CLE/Events Indiana Lawyer CLE Events CLE Calendar Submit CLE Leadership in Law SUBMIT Submit a trial report Submit On the Move Submit CLE Submit for Corporate Counsel Guide Submit for Leadership in Law nominations 2016 Leadership in Law Winners Past Recipients Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscribe Print & Online Subscriptions IL Daily & Other eNews Alerts Print and Online Trial Subscriptions Subscription Renewals ILNews Home Opinions Oct. 3, 2016 October 3, 2016 Keywords Opinions Back to TopE-mailPrint Related News and Opinion Opinions Nov. 17, 2016 Opinions Nov. 16, 2016 Opinions Nov. 15, 2016 Opinions Nov. 14, 2016 Opinions Nov. 10, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT 7th Circuit Court of Appeals Exodus Refugee Immigration, Inc. v. Michael R. Pence, in his official capacity as Governor of Indiana, et al. 16-1509 Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division. Judge Tanya Walton Pratt. Civil. Affirms preliminary injunction barring Gov. Mike Pence from ordering federal money to assist the resettlement of Syrian refugees be withheld because of potential terror threats. The district judge was correct in granting the injunction because Exodus is likely to prevail in a trial on the merits. Indiana Court of Appeals In the Term. of the Parent-Child Relationship of H.L. (Minor Child), C.L. (Mother) and L.F. (Father) v. The Ind. Dept. of Child Services (mem. dec.) 89A01-1604-JT-911 Juvenile termination of parental rights. Affirms trial court’s order terminating C.L. and L.F.’s parental rights to child H.L. Finds that there was sufficient evidence to support the termination of the parent-child relationship. Cynthia Brown and Gregory Brown v. The Boeing Company (mem. dec.) 49A04-1601-CT-177 Civil tort. Affirms jury verdict in favor of The Boeing Co. after Cynthia and Gregory Brown sued Boeing for negligence after Cynthia Brown as injured in a car accident caused by a Boeing employee. Finds that the trial court did not erroneously exclude evidence regarding alleged bias of a Boeing expert witness and evidence that Cynthia Brown was no longer able to continue working with special needs children. Jeffrey Ashley v. State of Indiana (mem. dec.) 49A02-1512-CR-2214 Criminal. Affirms Jeffrey Ashley’s convictions of criminal deviate conduct as a Class B felony, sexual misconduct with a minor as a Class B felony, criminal confinement as a Class D felony and sexual battery as a Class D felony. Finds that there was sufficient evidence to support Ashley’s convictions and that there was no double jeopardy violation. ADVERTISEMENT ADVANCED SEARCH Sponsored by ADVERTISEMENT Justices weigh whether child abuse reporter can sue DCS for breach of confidentiality 5 practice areas expected to see major growth in 2017 Impending closure of Indiana Tech Law School brings anger, uncertainty Legal educators: Well-being of Indiana Tech students must be first priority Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments Huntington Superior Court judge resigns Barnes & Thornburg malpractice suit prompts judge’s warning Shot officer’s suit against gun dealer splits COA ISBA poll shows strong support for COA judges’ retention Justices dismiss ESPN suit, find Notre Dame police not public agency Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments Documentary marking federal court bicentennial in Indiana focuses on 3 cases Justices dismiss ESPN suit, find Notre Dame police not public agency Barnes & Thornburg malpractice suit prompts judge’s warning Trend of in-house counsel doing more internally likely to continue State appeals judgment for deaf litigant denied interpreter Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments They need to provide shelter for single mothers with addictions and financially uplifting them and reunifing in the process instead of separation unless otherwise in regards of the Dcs situation meaning abuse etc... In that form then that's different... I'm wondering if you ever found out how to remove your name? As the same thing happened to my bf. They said 10 years but on the list it shows for life. He is on there for criminal confinement. The origination numbers are in IL's more factually based, viewpoint neutral Oct. 14 article, and show that women partners' pay is 38.1% of their originations. For men, it's only 36.6%. To the extent origination isn't credited fairly, that should be addressed. But overall the split seems equitable, especially considering associates take home something like 20-25% of the revenue from their billable hours. To express a more cynical point: to many, elitist lawyer millionaires debating how unfair things are because, even though the numbers look totally equitable on their face, there might possibly be some latent gender bias that's holding down women law partners' half a million dollar salaries by a few bucks is sickening. This is especially true when people also see lawyers (fairly or not) as the folks that are helping companies ship jobs overseas, ship taxable income overseas through inversions, being smart arses who make it a point to act combative and intimidating (and not just at work), and as totally unaffordable. Sure, perhaps in a bias-free world you could make a little more money and buy a fourth BMW or take yet another trip to Europe. But we should probably forgive those who are unsympathetic to an insistence on rigid notions of income equality among law firm partners. Were these registered for Republicans? I may not be worthy of an Indiana law license (I am not), and I am banned for the balance of my natural life (25 years?) from ever petitioning the Ind.S.Ct. to be admitted again, but I have worked for SOS Kris Kobach for two years now as a government attorney in KS (often up against the ACLU)-- aside --- four years as the Consumer Protection/Antitrust Chief in Kansas under pro-life Attorney General Phill Kline before that -- and can say without a doubt that this fine man, Kris Kobach, would make a fine US Attorney General. A sea change in policy, that is for certain: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/election/article114950423.html CAVEAT: I could be wrong, of course. Heckfire, I thought I would make a fine Indiana attorney as well -- evidently not. Disclaimer: The Indiana Board of Law Examiners would likely recommend all reading this take my opinion with a grain of salt. I am, after all, so politically incorrect as to be counted as psychologically suspect due to my worldview and associations, and so my Westlaw profile (more than 20 cases, many before federal appellate courts, but mostly all for far right wing causes) does not count as fitness to practice, and my work for Kline and Kobach certainly count against my claim to have good moral character. Add to all of that my penchant for reminding powerful elitists of their duties to the Indiana and US constitutions, much to their great displeasure, and my lifetime banishment is explained. When America is great again the constitutions will again be used to hold government agents responsible under the law, rather than government agents trampling the constitutions to further political agendas of the Left. MAGA! Multimedia Photo Gallery Leadership in Law 2016 Leadership in Law 2015 Leadership in Law 2014 More Photos Photo Gallery More Radio Photo Gallery More Videos Photo Gallery More Podcasts Court Calendar Court of Appeals Supreme Court November 21, 2016 William Groth v. Mike Pence, as Governor of the State of Indiana - 11/21/16 November 21, 2016 The Estate of Gary Pfafman v. Lori Lancaster, Individually, and as Guardian of the Estate of Cole Craig - 11/21/16 November 30, 2016 Celadon Trucking v. Wilmoth, et al. - 11/30/16 More Listings Court of Appeals Supreme Court November 22, 2016 Noe Escamilla v. Shiel Sexton Company, Inc. - 11/22/16 November 22, 2016 Lisa Harris v. State of Indiana - 11/22/16 More Listings ADVERTISEMENT Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews & eAlerts SUBMIT TO EDIT News Tip/Story Idea Submit On the Move Correction to Story Award Nominations Letter to the Editor Press Release FTP to Indiana Lawyer THEINDIANALAWYER.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE TheIndianaLawyer.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming Lawyer Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Jobs at IBJ Media Reprints ADVERTISING Print Advertising Online Advertising Contacts Classifieds MULTIMEDIA Photo Gallery Mobile Phone App Mobile Website Indiana Lawyer on Facebook THEINDIANALAWYER.COM Editorial Calendar Archives Indiana Lawyer Digital Newspaper Supplements Polls OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES IBJ.com Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing. Additional Hosting & Delivery by
At Home in the World Share your travel experiences Subscribe For just $6 Subscribe Subscribe Where in the world are you thinking of?Search food & drinksstyle & designarts & culturetravel inspirationtravel awardstravel intelcity guidesvideosvoyagesupgrades & extras Restaurants & CafesBars & NightlifeWineCocktails The Best New Places to Eat in Tel Aviv The Hottest Wine Destinations of 2016 You Can't Get These Hotel Cocktails Anywhere Else in the World Pastry Chef Dominique Ansel to Open Tokyo Pop-Up FashionShoppingDesignArchitectureStreet StyleBeauty & WellnessLuxury The 10 Most Beautiful Snow Castles In the World Traveler x Allure = the Ultimate Dopp Kit We Love These Fashion-and-Food Mashups The Famed Venice Lion Has Been Restored, Thanks to...Coco Chanel? MusicArtFilm & TVBooksMuseums & GalleriesTheatre & DanceFestivals & Events The 10 Best Travel Books of 2015 Print Isn't Dead at These Bookstores for Obsessives The World's Best Museum Gift Shops 9 Breathtaking Photos of Rajasthan, India CruisesRomanceThe Next ListCultureBeachesFoodFamilyOut of the OrdinaryGay & LesbianEco & AdventureRoad Trips A Perfect Day in Lexington, Kentucky 10 Frozen Lakes That Will Restore Your Faith in Winter 15 Breathtaking Photos of the Great Barrier Reef 15 Places That Look Like They're On Another Planet Readers' Choice AwardsGold ListHot List The Best Cities in the World The Best Islands in the World The 50 Best Hotels In the World The 50 Best Resorts in the World Business TravelLoyalty & RewardsAir TravelHotelsCruisesDrivingTech & GearFamily TravelHealthSolo Travel The World's Safest Airline Is... Top 10 Things to Do In Lexington, Kentucky Americans Won't Need Visas to Visit Brazil This Summer How to Go on Vacation With Your Coworkers Morocco Paris Milan London New York City Dubai Nashville Rome San Francisco Cape Town Tokyo Las Vegas Beijing Singapore Aspen Philadelphia Austin Los Angeles Florence Barcelona Chicago Washington, D.C. Hotel Stories Let's Eat Shorter Than Short Drink With A View An African Summer: 10 Days in Botswana The Grand Coast: A Journey Through Croatia Wild at Heart: A Brazilian Safari Of Emeralds and Elephants: The Wonders of Rajasthan The Seven Cruise WondersConnoisseursExtraordinariesPostThe Road Less TraveledThe Editor's Itinerary 2nd Annual Shorties Festival Modern Adventure The Editor's Itinerary Close Where in the world are you thinking of?Search; Travel IntelAir Travel Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Boeing Wants to Project Clouds and Stars Into Its Airplane Cabins by Sebastian ModakOctober 3, 2016 Courtesy Boeing Projections mimicking the time of day can theoretically help prevent jet-lag. Share via facebook dialog Share via Pinterest Stargaze your way through a long-haul flight. Airplane manufacturers are constantly innovating to minimize costs or outpace the competition and, if the diagrams and designs that pass through the U.S. Patent Office are any indication, no idea is too crazy. Filed aviation patents range from the revolutionary (a supersonic jet powered by rockets that will get you from San Francisco to Tokyo in three hours) to the straight-up sadistic (How do you fit more seats into a plane? Stack ‘em!). A patent from Boeing filed last month, however, doesn’t fall squarely into either camp, instead being more of the "That's neat!" variety. Boeing has designed a projection system that would allow it to project calming images—cloud-dotted blue skies during the day and a starry night once the sun sets—in the interior of the plane, on its walls and ceilings. The company wants to use creative projection lighting as a way to enhance the flier experience. A clear-day sky can make a cramped cabin feel a little bigger—but it could also, we imagine, create the illusion of flying in a convertible jet, which is a little unsettling for those afraid of flying to begin with. It can also lead to a better night's sleep, as projections could be used to simulate the time of day, so that you don't disembark groggy and exhausted. But if the concept becomes a reality, its use wouldn’t be limited to just setting the mood, or displaying psychedelic star patterns to lull you to sleep. “These ceiling projections could be scenes found in nature or helpful information for passengers projected on the walls and bulkheads,” said Mike Sinnett, a VP of product development at Boeing, last year when the idea was first announced. “Airlines could use these lighting enhancements on the walls and bulkheads to display information about the destination or to project scenes that get passengers thinking about where they’re going." Lighting has increasingly been used by manufacturers as a way to improve the air travel experience. It’s a wonder why it’s taken them so long to realize the fluorescent lights we are currently used to do not in any way achieve that. Most notably, the Airbus A350 includes a system of LED cabin lighting that can emit 16.7 million different shades of color to mimic the natural phases of the day and thus limit the effects of jet-lag. The wild world of aviation patents never fails to deliver, but it’s important to note that for the most part, it can take a long time until any of them are realized (we are still waiting for the SkyDeck, that totally insane viewing deck on top of the plane). Regardless, it’s encouraging to see the major aviation players channeling R&D resources into projects besides adding more seats into already cramped cabins. Video Highlights Share this story Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Recommended for You Travel Inspiration The 20 Most Beautiful College Campuses in America by Laura Vogel Read Now Follow CNTraveler Get Traveler Delivered Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Helpful LinksAdvertise with CNTravelerCNTraveler Media KitReprints & PermissionsSite Map More from Condé NastCondé Nast Traveler UKCondé Nast Traveler SpainCondé Nast StoreCareers at Condé Nast Condé Nast Visit Our Sister SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016).  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Best Luxury Cars, Jets, Yachts, Travel, Watches | Robb Report Search this site SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER Autos Aviation Boating Travel Watch Collector Real Estate Spirits Style Jewelry Fashion Partners Exceptional Itineraries Christopher Designs XOJET’s Guide to Napa More Home Design Fine Dining Sports & Other Pursuits Consumer Electronics Art & Collectibles Health & Wellness Videos Slideshows Luxury Newswire You are here Home » Aviation This Private Dreamliner Jet Could Serve as a Second Home View slideshow Michelle Seaton OCTOBER 02, 2016 A Boeing 787-8 is transformed into an apartment that can fly.  If you feel that a private jet can never be toospacious, consider a customized Boeing Dreamliner. “A business executive toured the aircraft and afterward he told me that he’d like to have it as a second home—one that he could fly from place to place,” says Stephen Vella, the CEO of Kestrel Aviation Management, a Washington-based company that initiated the design and oversaw the customization of the Dreamliner shown on these pages. When configured for commercial flights, a 787-8 can carry more than 240 passengers. The passenger area is 18 feet across and more than 138 feet long. At roughly 2,400 square feet, the cabin is nearly three times the size of the 737 Boeing Business Jet’s. The 787 has a range of more than 9,000 miles when it’s configured to carry only 40 passengers, as this aircraft is. The cabin was bare, or green, when Kestrel took delivery of the aircraft for its owner in 2014. The company hired Paris-based Pierrejean Design to create 2-D and 3-D models of the proposed interior and worked with Greenpoint Technologies of Washington to complete the aircraft. The result is a cabin that is elegant and uncluttered and provides passengers with an unforgettable travel experience. Photography by Kestrel Aviation Management (kestrelaviation.com) View Slideshow Aviation Boeing Jet Featured Slideshows 5 Reasons to Incorporate Velvet into Your Wardrobe Velvet is no longer restricted to the disco dance floor. The smooth-to-the-touch woven fabric was seen on just about every runway during this year’s fall and winter menswear shows, so do not worry... View Slideshow The 10 Most Valuable Baseball World Series Collectibles of All Time While some may argue that the national pastime is past its prime, come October, even the most fair-weather followers are fixed to their seats as baseball swings into the playoffs and its famed Fall... View Slideshow These 21st-Century Hotels Changed Luxury Travel Forever The year 2000 arrived with a flurry of panic (remember Y2K?) and ended with more than a few trials and tribulations. But the first decade of the new century (also known as the aughts, the zeros, and... View Slideshow Five Legendary U.S. Hotels Unveil Over-the-Top Renovations It’s always a gamble when a landmark hotel undergoes a renovation. Will it be a stunning transformation or a disappointing disaster? Luckily, these five U.S. hotels have emerged from bank-breaking... View Slideshow 4 Must-Know Sources for the Best Vintage Jewelry Beautiful vintage gems are always in style, and these four jewelry houses are your best bet for finding a totally unique treasure. View Slideshow Five Frighteningly Fantastic Halloween Parties For equal parts ghastly and grand, consider these over-the-top Halloween festivities offered at five opulent hotels. View Slideshow Previous Pause Next 1 of 6 From Around the Web... What's new in Aviation 847 Stories Available | Advanced search The Very First Dassault Falcon 8X Jet Is Ready for... The ultralong-range jet puts the world in reach with a 7,422-mile range and a top speed of 425 mph… Read Article London City Airport Upgrades Its High-End Traveler... The airport has added a new first-class lounge and cleared the Legacy 500 for landing… Read Article How the New FAA Certification Rules Could Make Thi... The approval process is about to become simpler and shorter. Here’s why that’s good news… Read Article Robb Report’s 2016 Private-Jet-Manufacturers Repor... The latest news from the world’s five top private-jet builders… View Slideshow Robb Report’s 2016 Personal-Aircraft-Manufacturers... The latest news from four of the world’s top personal-aircraft builders… View Slideshow An Inside Look at What Happens When You Buy and Ta... Purchasing a private jet is a special occasion, and Embraer Executive Jets treats it as such… Read Article Four Questions You Have to Ask Yourself before Buy... You could waste a lot of money on a plane if you’re not a good candidate for ownership… Read Article The Five Biggest Mistakes You Can Make When Buying... Robb Report’s private-aviation advisors identify the costly errors and tell you how to avoid them… Read Article These Four Custom Private-Jet Exteriors Give New M... The inspirations for these bespoke liveries range from a chameleon to Champagne bubbles… View Slideshow A Private Jet Tour Through the Birthplace of Weste... The 12-day tour hopscotches the United Kingdom and continent via Embraer Legacy 600 aircraft… Read Article 847 Stories Available | Advanced search Featured Videos This Company Is Testing a Commercial Space Balloon Step Inside the Custom Interior of This Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Private Jet Flying the Incredible Icon A5 Amphibious Sport Plane over Manhattan Yasava’s New Private Jet Interior Is as Comfortable and Stylish as It Gets BEST of the BEST 2015: Gulfstream G450 The Game-Changing Icon A5 Light Sport Aircraft Is Ready for Delivery Robb Report Magazine SUBSCRIBE TODAY Buy this Issue Digital Editions Give a Gift Subscriber Customer Service get the good life at a great price PAY NOW & GET TWO FREE ISSUES! 1 YR (12 ISSUES) $65.002 YRS (24 ISSUES) $100.003 YRS (36 ISSUES) $135.00 canadian orders | international orders Robb Report New & Noteworthy Robb Report Video Luxury Newswire Best of the Best Private Avaiation Advisory Board International Partners Licensing Robb Report Subscribe to Robb Report Digital Editions Give a Gift Subscriber Customer Service Newsletters Robb Report Subscribe to Robb Report Digital Editions Gift a Gift Subscriber Customer Service Newsletters International Partners Licensing Robb Report Reprints Back Issues RobbReport.com New & Noteworthy Robb Report Video Real Estate Listings Luxury Newswire Best of the Best RSS Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Quick Links News & Press About Us Contact Us Advertise © 2016 CurtCo Robb Media, LLC, All Rights Reserved Categories Autos Aviation Boating Travel Real Estate Fashion Watch Collector Jewelry Fine Dining Spirits Sports & Leisure Home Design Electronics Art & Collectibles Subscribe Print Edition Digital Editions Give a Gift Newsletters Renew Subscription Customer Service Videos Slideshows Luxury Newswire Best of the Best 2016 Car of the Year Home & Style Health & Wellness Robb Report First Look From Our Partners
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Blog Coverage Lockheed Martin and Boeing Joint Venture Signs Agreement with US Air Force Space And Missile Systems Center Blog Coverage Lockheed Martin and Boeing Joint Venture Signs Agreement with US Air Force Space And Missile Systems Center Posted on October 3, 2016 by Active Wall Street in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / October 3, 2016 / Active Wall St. blog coverage looks at the headline from The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT). United Launch Alliance (ULA) and the US Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center signed a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) to begin the certification process for the company’s new Vulcan Centaur launch vehicle. Formed in December 2006, ULA is a 50-50 joint venture owned by Lockheed Martin Corp. and The Boeing Company. Register with us now for your free membership and blog access at:&nbsp;http://www.activewallst.com/register/. Today, AWS is promoting its blog coverage on BA and LMT. Get all of our free blog coverage and more by clicking on the links below: http://www.activewallst.com/registration-3/?symbol=BA http://www.activewallst.com/registration-3/?symbol=LMT The Agreement “Our Vulcan Centaur rocket will revolutionize spaceflight and provide affordable, reliable access to space,” said Tory Bruno, ULA president and CEO, “We look forward to collaboratively working through the certification process with the Air Force.” The agreement will allow the Space and Missile Systems Center evaluations according to the Air Force’s New Entrant Certification Guide, which comprises of monitoring at least two certification flights. The Vulcan Centaur rocket design leverages the proven success and the Delta IV and Atlas V launch vehicles, while introducing innovative new technologies and features. This high-capable new rocket will serve a diverse range of market including commercial, civil, and national security space customers. The Vulcan is intended to replace the Atlas V launcher used for many military satellites, and to make launches less expensive by employing reusable components. ULA’s new launch vehicle will feature a 5.4-meter-diameter first stage booster, either a 4- or 5-meter fairing, and up to six Orbital ATK solid rocket motors. “The new rocket will offer greater performance than our current fleet of rockets at less than half the historical prices for our customers,” said Bruno. The ULA team completed the vehicle’s Preliminary Design Review in July 2016 and is on schedule to fly the inaugural flight test of the Vulcan Centaur in 2019. Lockheed Bags Multiple Contracts Apart from the ULA certification, on September 30th, 2016, The Minister for Defence, Senator Marise Payne, and the Minister for Defence Industry, Christopher Pyne, announced that Lockheed Martin Australia has been selected as the preferred Combat System Integrator for Australia’s Future Submarine Program, subject to further discussion on commercial matters. “Lockheed Martin Australia will be our Combat System Integrator to partner with Defence and DCNS to design and integrate the combat system of our Future Submarine, which meets our unique capability requirements.” On the same day, Lockheed Martin was awarded $24.38 million for modification P00003 under a previously awarded fixed-price-incentive-firm contract (N00019-16-C-0004) for procurement of three full mission simulators for the Air Force in support of F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. Stock Performance Last Friday, the stock closed the trading session at $131.74, climbing 0.54% from its previous closing price of $131.03. A total volume of 3.12 million shares have exchanged hands. Boeing’s stock price advanced 1.77% in the last month, 2.42% in the past three months, and 6.00% in the previous six months. Furthermore, in the past twelve months, shares of the company have gained 4.12%. The stock is trading at a PE ratio of 24.19 and has a dividend yield of 3.31%. Lockheed Martin’s share price finished yesterday’s trading session at $239.72, sliding 1.08%. A total volume of 2.17 million shares exchanged hands. The stock has advanced 8.42% and 20.46% in the last six months and past twelve months, respectively. Furthermore, since the start of the year, shares of the company have gained 12.75%. The stock is trading at a PE ratio of 19.94 and has a dividend yield of 2.75%. Active Wall Street: Active Wall Street (AWS) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. AWS has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. AWS has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst, for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@activewallst.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA&#174; charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by AWS. AWS is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither AWS nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://www.activewallst.com/disclaimer/. CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@activewallst.com Phone number: 1-858-257-3144 Office Address: 3rd floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH, United Kingdom CFA&#174; and Chartered Financial Analyst&#174; are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE: Active Wall Street ReleaseID: 446391 Latest News BeWarned Makes a Significant Motion in the World of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK; CHKDG) &amp; Lead Plaintiff Deadline: December 5, 2016 ID Global Corporation Posts Q2 2016 Report Former Microsoft Principal Enterprise Strategist and Senior Architect, Robert Ortega, Joins BTT Corp. as CTO ENow Named in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™ ENow Named in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™ ComplianceOnline to Host Banking Summit on April-27-28, 2017 in New York, NY ComplianceOnline to Host Banking Summit on April-27-28, 2017 in New York, NY SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Mylan N.V. (MYL) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline – December 12, 2016 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Biogen Inc. (BIIB) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline – December 23, 2016 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading One of China’s largest airlines has its radar set on the US market  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business AVIATI0N CNBC CNBC One of China’s largest airlines has its radar set on the US market The number of Chinese visitors to the US is expected to reach 6.5 million by 2020, from 2.4 million last year PUBLISHED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 1:52pm UPDATED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 1:52pm Comments:   CNBC Share PrintEmail Related topics CNBC China Southern Airlines More on this story Companies Fasten seat belt: Chinese airlines’ corporate earnings poised for declines after peaking in 2016 2 Oct 2016 Related Articles Leaders & Founders SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites into space to bring super-fast internet to the world 18 Nov 2016 Tech Google’s US$1.25 billion investment for the UK helps tech sector shake off its post-Brexit anxiety 18 Nov 2016 Hong Kong Hong Kong has second most expensive street in the world 17 Nov 2016 When Chinese president Xi Jinping visited the US last September, his first stop was a Boeing factory north of Seattle, where he toured a 787-8 Dreamliner being delivered to Xiamen Airlines. A subsidiary of state-backed China Southern Airlines, Xiamen Air is currently among China’s largest carriers, a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance with more than 140 Boeing aircraft (and 30 more on order) — and China’s only airline with an all-Boeing fleet. Few US travellers have heard of Xiamen Airlines, but the carrier is determined to change that. Last Monday, Xiamen inaugurated its first direct US route between Seattle and Shenzhen, one of China’s largest and wealthiest cities. “Shenzhen is known as the ‘Silicon Valley’ of China, and this new destination will be a tremendous opportunity for both business and leisure travellers to experience our shared values, Port of Seattle Commissioner Fred Felleman told CNBC at a ceremony at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport welcoming the first Xiamen flight. He added Xiamen’s arrival would be an added boost to the region’s status as “a business and tourism hub.” Xiamen is making its move at a time when tourism and business traffic between the US and China is growing quickly. In a recent study, Boyd Group International predicted that annual US arrivals from China will more than double, going from 2.4 million in 2015 to over 6.5 million in 2020. “Over that period of time, more than 23 million Chinese will visit the US,” the report added. Shenzhen — with a population of 10 million — was China’s first special economic zone. It is now a major tourism and technology hub that’s home to telecommunications equipment manufacturer Huawei, internet giant Tencent Holdings and other companies that do business in the Pacific Northwest. And the race is on to be the airline of choice for business and leisure travellers. Before Xiamen’s new Shenzhen service, flights from Seattle to cities in China (including Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai) were limited to carriers like Delta Air Lines or China’s Hainan Airlines — even though a wide variety of US and Chinese carriers fly between both countries. However, Xiamen’s Seattle-Shenzhen new route stands out, in part because it links two high-tech cities for the first time, Kazue Ishiwata, airline service development director for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, told CNBC recently. “Xiamen is not the biggest airline in China. There’s Air China, China Eastern, China Southern and Hainan already in Los Angeles, San Francisco and other cities,” Ishiwata said. “So it benefits a new entry carrier to begin service in a city where there aren’t other airlines to compete with on the route.” The new route between Seattle and Shenzhen will operate three times a week with a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner configured with four first class seats, 28 business class seats and 236 economy class seats, that will offer complimentary Wi-Fi for first and business class customers. Xiamen Airlines isn’t stopping with Seattle. The airline’s inaugural North American flight took place in July, between Vancouver and Xiamen, and long-haul service between JFK International Airport and Fuzhou (FOC) is scheduled to begin February 15, 2017. Another Xiamen Airlines route, between Los Angeles and Xiamen, is set to begin sometime in mid-2017. It’s part of the strategy that the airline hopes will help it overcome a significant competitive advantage in the fast-paced travel market in the world’s largest economy. “The airline has some challenges,” said Mike Waddle of AviationPros, a general service agent supporting various airlines in the U.S. market. “Even though they’re a very familiar brand in China and throughout Asia, they need to get name recognition for the brand in the United States and North America,” said Waddle. That said, “the routing for this first US flight is unique and it seems like a good marriage between two high-tech cities.” — Harriet Baskas is the author of seven books, including “ Hidden Treasures: What Museums Can’t or Won’t Show You, ” and the Stuck at the Airport blog. Follow her on Twitter at @hbaskas . Follow Road Warrior at @CNBCtravel.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 2 Tax man rejoices as Happy Valley villa buyer hit with HK$90.54 million stamp duty 3 JPMorgan settles bribery case for US$264 million after probe into Chinese hires 4 Buyers abandon Hong Kong property contracts as stamp duty bites 5 RIP: Hong Kong’s shopping industry, as e-retailers tighten their grip Shared 1 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 2 JPMorgan settles bribery case for US$264 million after probe into Chinese hires 3 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 4 Tax man rejoices as Happy Valley villa buyer hit with HK$90.54 million stamp duty 5 RIP: Hong Kong’s shopping industry, as e-retailers tighten their grip Commented 1 Hong Kong localist radicals played into Beijing’s hands, democracy leader Martin Lee says 2 Hong Kong in the grip of a power struggle over oath-taking saga 3 Japan’s PM Abe has ‘great confidence’ in Trump, after president-elect’s first meeting with foreign leader 4 Hong Kong lawmaker Lau Siu-lai wins one legal challenge, but faces yet another 5 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China More doubts cast over Chinese scientist’s claim of gene editing tool ‘breakthrough’ 17 Nov 2016 - 10:21pm 1 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 17 Nov 2016 - 11:45pm 88 Dark Horse in Asian Air Travel Market Sponsored by: Vietnam Airlines China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null

null
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Sales dive leaves widebody aircraft on taxi to nowhere The Financial Times 10/2/2016 By Peggy Hollinger, Industry Editor © Provided by Financial Times Airbus and Boeing are expecting aircraft deals to be slow for up to three years, but the world’s two biggest passenger jet manufacturers are confident that bulging order backlogs will carry them through the dry season. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BOE ▼ 146.92 -0.05 -0.03% Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA 0FGH ▼ 268.51 -4.30 -1.58% Amid falling demand for jets, the European and US aerospace companies are increasing production of their most popular aircraft to record levels, which may reduce the size of their backlogs but also raise profits. “We will stay in a slow period [for aircraft orders] for a couple of years while we burn down the backlog,” says John Leahy, chief salesman at Airbus, in an interview with the Financial Times. “People have been buying at a rate of over 1,000 a year. Of course the order cycle will go down. But . . . we have been able to pause when we need to in a downturn because of the massive backlog.” After six years of booming deals, the order slowdown is being felt most in certain widebody aircraft, raising questions over prospects for some of these big ticket, long-haul passenger jets which sell for $200m to $400m or more. Dennis Muilenburg, chief executive of Boeing, said this month that he expected sales of twin-aisle aircraft to be tough until 2020, as the company introduces a new generation of large aircraft. “The challenge we have is between now and the end of this decade, that roughly three-year time period, as we go through the transition to the [new] 777X [twin-aisle jet] and some . . . local hesitation in widebody orders,” he said. The reality is that after years of bingeing on new aircraft, airlines are now beginning to realise their expansion plans may have been too ambitious — for the near future at least. The International Air Transport Association, airlines’ main representative body, signalled in June that while passenger traffic will grow at just over 6 per cent in 2016, it is beginning to slow down from the 7 per cent plus rates seen in previous years. “Widebody is the first area airlines stop ordering when capacity is slowing,” says Sash Tusa, an analyst at Agency Partners. “The airline industry was probably over ordered.” Mr Leahy insists there has been no particular slowdown in twin-aisle demand — indeed, Airbus’s orders net of cancellations last year were still higher than in 2011 and 2012. But airlines admit they may have been carried away. “Now the market is a little bit saturated,” says one industry insider. Moreover, combined orders for Boeing and Airbus suggest widebody jet demand began slowing a year earlier than for single-aisle aircraft. At the recent peak in 2013, Boeing and Airbus logged combined net orders for 750 widebody jets. Orders fell in both 2014 and 2015, and so far this year the companies have scraped together deals for a mere 123 jets. In part the slowdown reflects specific problems with certain aircraft. Airbus, for example, has struggled to sell its A380 superjumbo. This summer it put the A380 on life support, cutting annual production rates from 27 in 2015 to 12 by 2018. Airbus also had more cancellations than orders for its widebody A350 jet during 2014 and 2015. Boeing, with a slightly bigger share of the widebody market, has suffered more. It is now talking openly about the possibility of reducing production of the existing generation 777 twin-aisle jet, as customers wait for the more fuel efficient 777X. The US company is also more cautious about plans to increase the rate on the widebody 787 Dreamliner from 12 to 14 a month. Some of the fall off in twin-aisle orders may be that the excitement on the launch of more efficient models — notably the Dreamliner and the A350 — is petering out. But new technology is also challenging these bigger jets: narrow-body aircraft are carrying more passengers and flying further than ever before. Norwegian Air Shuttle, one of Europe’s biggest low-cost carriers, is planning to use the new Airbus A321LR single-aisle jet to fly passengers across the Atlantic. “The average size of aircraft on international routes is getting smaller,” says Richard Aboulafia of Teal Group, a consultancy. “It could be the 321 is used . . . at the expense of the 787.” Rob Morris, head of Flight Ascend Consultancy, says the share of wide-bodies in the global fleet has shrunk from roughly 25 per cent in 1990 to about 19 per cent. This is in part because the single-aisle market has expanded rapidly as low-cost travel has grown. Mr Morris believes the wide-bodies’ share has stabilised, but he acknowledges there may still be some impact from single-aisles’ increased range and capacity. About half of the routes flown by widebody aircraft are less than 5,500km, well within the range of the Airbus A321LR and Boeing’s new narrow-body 737 Max jet. The decline in widebody deals could also be a function of the manufacturers’ huge order backlogs. Airbus and Boeing have orders for a total of 2,500 twin-aisle jets on their books, many of which will not be delivered for years. Airlines might now be postponing new orders, says Mr Morris, to avoid paying escalation fees. These charges, typically calculated at 4 per cent of the price of the aircraft, are designed to protect the manufacturers from future increases in input costs between order and delivery. Nevertheless, airlines will always need bigger jets for the most densely travelled long-haul routes, say airline executives. Congested airports and the rise in the number of passengers make them indispensable. Mr Leahy believes the single-aisle aircraft will never pose a real threat to bigger jets. “Wide-bodies carry freight. They go longer ranges, and that is important for a lot of airlines,” he says. The A321 “is a game changing airplane. It is a very good market but I don’t think it will ever have a major impact on widebody sales either for us or for Boeing.” Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from the FT Premier League agrees record $700m Chinese rights deal The Financial Times Turkish military officers serving Nato ask for asylum The Financial Times Trump picks conservatives and loyalists for law and CIA roles The Financial Times Fund managers: the customers’ yachts The Financial Times The Financial Times View the Full Site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. One of China's largest airlines has its radar set on the US market CNBC 10/2/2016 Harriet Baskas, Special to CNBC © Provided by CNBC When Chinese president Xi Jinping visited the U.S. last September, his first stop was a Boeing factory north of Seattle, where he toured a 787-8 Dreamliner being delivered to Xiamen Airlines. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 145.84 +0.51 +0.35% Tencent Holdings Ltd TCTZF ▲ 25.20 +0.17 +0.68% Delta Air Lines Inc DAL ▲ 48.66 +0.15 +0.31% Hainan Airlines Co Ltd 900945 ▼ 0.6270 -0.0040 -0.63% A subsidiary of state-backed China Southern Airlines, Xiamen Air is currently among China's largest carriers, a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance with more than 140 Boeing aircraft (and 30 more on order) — and China's only airline with an all-Boeing fleet. Few U.S. travelers have heard of Xiamen Airlines, but the carrier is determined to change that. Last Monday, Xiamen inaugurated its first direct U.S. route between Seattle and Shenzhen, one of China's largest and wealthiest cities. "Shenzhen is known as the 'Silicon Valley' of China, and this new destination will be a tremendous opportunity for both business and leisure travelers to experience our shared values, Port of Seattle Commissioner Fred Felleman told CNBC at a ceremony at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport welcoming the first Xiamen flight. He added Xiamen's arrival would be an added boost to the region's status as "a business and tourism hub." Xiamen is making its move at a time when tourism and business traffic between the U.S. and China is growing quickly. In a recent study, Boyd Group International predicted that annual U.S. arrivals from China will more than double, going from 2.4 million in 2015 to over 6.5 million in 2020. "Over that period of time, more than 23 million Chinese will visit the US," the report added. Located adjacent to Hong Kong, Shenzhen — with a population of 10 million — was China's first special economic zone. It is now a major tourism and technology hub that's home to telecommunications equipment manufacturer Huawei, internet giant Tencent Holdings and other companies that do business in the Pacific Northwest. And the race is on to be the airline of choice for business and leisure travelers. © Provided by CNBC Before Xiamen's new Shenzhen service, flights from Seattle to cities in China (including Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai) were limited to carriers like Delta Air Lines or China's Hainan Airlines — even though a wide variety of U.S. and Chinese carriers fly between both countries. However, Xiamen's Seattle-Shenzhen new route stands out, in part because it links two high-tech cities for the first time, Kazue Ishiwata, airline service development director for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, told CNBC recently. "Xiamen is not the biggest airline in China. There's Air China, China Eastern, China Southern and Hainan already in Los Angeles, San Francisco and other cities," Ishiwata said. "So it benefits a new entry carrier to begin service in a city where there aren't other airlines to compete with on the route." The new route between Seattle and Shenzhen will operate three times a week with a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner configured with four first class seats, 28 business class seats and 236 economy class seats, that will offer complimentary Wi-Fi for first and business class customers. Xiamen Airlines isn't stopping with Seattle. The airline's inaugural North American flight took place in July, between Vancouver and Xiamen, and long-haul service between JFK International Airport and Fuzhou (FOC) is scheduled to begin February 15, 2017. Another Xiamen Airlines route, between Los Angeles and Xiamen, is set to begin sometime in mid-2017. It's part of the strategy that the airline hopes will help it overcome a significant competitive advantage in the fast-paced travel market in the world's largest economy. "The airline has some challenges," said Mike Waddle of AviationPros, a general service agent supporting various airlines in the U.S. market. "Even though they're a very familiar brand in China and throughout Asia, they need to get name recognition for the brand in the United States and North America," said Waddle. That said, "the routing for this first U.S. flight is unique and it seems like a good marriage between two high-tech cities." — Harriet Baskas is the author of seven books, including "Hidden Treasures: What Museums Can't or Won't Show You," and theStuck at the Airportblog. Follow her on Twitter at@hbaskas. Follow Road Warrior at @CNBCtravel. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Road Warrior China's Xiamen Airlines makes first US touchdown, with hopes for many more Harriet Baskas, Special to CNBC Sunday, 2 Oct 2016 | 1:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Source: Port of Seattle Xiamen Airlines' first flight to the United States is welcomed at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport with a traditional water cannon salute. When Chinese president Xi Jinping visited the U.S. last September, his first stop was a Boeing factory north of Seattle, where he toured a 787-8 Dreamliner being delivered to Xiamen Airlines. A subsidiary of state-backed China Southern Airlines, Xiamen Airlines is currently among China's largest carriers, a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance with more than 140 Boeing aircraft (and 30 more on order) — and China's only airline with an all-Boeing fleet. Few U.S. travelers have heard of Xiamen Airlines but the carrier is determined to change that. Last Monday, Xiamen inaugurated its first direct U.S. route between Seattle and Shenzhen, one of China's largest and wealthiest cities. "Shenzhen is known as the 'Silicon Valley' of China, and this new destination will be a tremendous opportunity for both business and leisure travelers to experience our shared values, Port of Seattle Commissioner Fred Felleman told CNBC at a ceremony at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport welcoming the first Xiamen flight. He added Xiamen's arrival would be an added boost to the region's status as "a business and tourism hub." Source: Harriet Baskas Xiamen Airlines cabin crew ready wait for the ceremony welcoming Xiamen Airlines to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport to begin. "Even though they're a very familiar brand in China and throughout Asia, they need to get name recognition for the brand in the United States and North America." -Mike Waddle, analyst, AviationPros Xiamen is making its move at a time when tourism and business traffic between the U.S. and China is growing quickly. In a recent study, Boyd Group International predicted that annual U.S. arrivals from China will more than double, going from 2.4 million in 2015 to over 6.5 million in 2020. "Over that period of time, more than 23 million Chinese will visit the US," the report added. Located adjacent to Hong Kong, Shenzhen — with a population of 10 million — was China's first special economic zone. It is now a major tourism and technology hub that's home to telecommunications equipment manufacturer Huawei, internet giant Tencent Holdings and other companies that do business in the Pacific Northwest. And the race is on to be the airline of choice for business and leisure travelers. Before Xiamen's new Shenzhen service, flights from Seattle to cities in China (including Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai) were limited to carriers like Delta Air Lines or China's Hainan Airlines — even though a wide variety of U.S. and Chinese carriers fly between both countries. However, Xiamen's Seattle-Shenzhen new route stands out, in part because it links two high-tech cities for the first time, Kazue Ishiwata, airline service development director for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, told CNBC recently. "Xiamen is not the biggest airline in China. There's Air China, China Eastern, China Southern and Hainan already in Los Angeles, San Francisco and other cities," Ishiwata said. "So it benefits a new entry carrier to begin service in a city where there aren't other airlines to compete with on the route." The new route between Seattle and Shenzhen will operate three times a week with a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner configured with four first class seats, 28 business class seats and 236 economy class seats, that will offer complimentary Wi-Fi for first and business class customers. Xiamen Airlines isn't stopping with Seattle. The airline's inaugural North American flight took place in July, between Vancouver and Xiamen, and long-haul service between JFK International Airport and Fuzhou (FOC) is scheduled to begin February 15, 2017. Another Xiamen Airlines route, between Los Angeles and Xiamen, is set to begin sometime in mid-2017. It's part of the strategy that the airline hopes will help it overcome a significant competitive advantage in the fast-paced travel market in the world's largest economy. "The airline has some challenges," said Mike Waddle of AviationPros, a general service agent supporting various airlines in the U.S. market. "Even though they're a very familiar brand in China and throughout Asia, they need to get name recognition for the brand in the United States and North America," said Waddle. That said, "the routing for this first U.S. flight is unique and it seems like a good marriage between two high-tech cities." — Harriet Baskas is the author of seven books, including "Hidden Treasures: What Museums Can't or Won't Show You," and the Stuck at the Airport blog. Follow her on Twitter at @hbaskas . Follow Road Warrior at @CNBCtravel. SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Things The Boeing Company Needs to Do to Reach Its 2016 Order Target Boeing is on pace to miss its 2016 aircraft order target by a wide margin. Here's what it would need to do to catch up over the next three months. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 2, 2016 at 11:20AM For 2016, Boeing (NYSE:BA) set a goal of achieving a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio for its commercial jet business. That means it hopes to receive one order for every jet it delivers this year. Nine months into the year, Boeing's chances don't look good. Boeing expects to deliver 740-745 commercial airplanes this year. Meanwhile, as of Tuesday, it had booked 357 net orders in 2016. That puts it less than halfway to its order goal. Boeing needs to sell nearly 400 planes this quarter to meet its 2016 order target. Image source: Boeing. Yet while Boeing faces an uphill battle to reach 740 orders, it still has a shot at getting there. Here's what Boeing would need to do to meet its 2016 order target. Finalize recent sale agreements First, Boeing has a large number of aircraft commitments that have yet to be finalized into firm orders. For example, at this summer's Farnborough Airshow, Boeing announced 182 orders and commitments, but just a fraction of them were new firm orders. There are about 100 outstanding commitments from the air show -- mainly for Chinese airlines -- that still aren't reflected in Boeing's 2016 order total. To count those as firm orders, Boeing needs to finalize the sale terms. Similarly, Boeing's landmark agreement to sell 80 jets to Iran Air hasn't resulted in any firm orders yet. The U.S. government recently approved export licenses for these planes, but Iran still needs to line up financing to close the deal. Finally, Saudi flag carrier Saudia recently announced plans to buy 28 widebodies from Boeing. Apparently, the deal isn't official yet, as Boeing has not recorded any firm orders from Saudia this year. All told, Boeing has about 200 of these pending orders. It will be difficult for Boeing to finalize all of them in the next three months. However, if it can, Boeing would be a lot closer to reaching its full-year order target. Win highly anticipated orders in the Middle East Boeing could also be close to winning big orders from the two top airlines in the Middle East. Qatar Airways is on the verge of ordering at least 30 more Boeing widebodies -- primarily the 787 Dreamliner -- according to Bloomberg. Enigmatic Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker has been displeased with Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) lately, due to delivery delays, so there is little risk of Boeing losing this order to Airbus. Meanwhile, Emirates is likely to place an order for about 70 widebodies before the end of the year. It is choosing between Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and Airbus' A350. Given that Emirates canceled a previous order for 70 A350s in 2014, it seems likely that Boeing has the inside track. It's also possible that Emirates would split an order between Boeing and Airbus. Emirates could soon order up to 70 Dreamliners from Boeing. Image source: Boeing. If Boeing wins the Emirates order and can finalize a deal with Qatar Airways this year, it would have another 100 orders in the bag. Capitalize on the year-end rush Finally, Boeing needs to take advantage of the typical year-end rush to order airplanes. Last year, Boeing finished Q3 with only 447 net orders. However, it pulled in 321 net orders in Q4 to reach a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio for the year. Boeing often receives an outsized number of orders in the fourth quarter. To some extent, Boeing may become more aggressive near the end of the year as it tries to meet internal sales targets. Airline planning cycles may also encourage a rush of year-end orders. In 2016, it is more important than ever for Boeing to end the year on a high note. Boeing still has a chance Internally, Boeing executives appear to recognize that it will be very challenging to meet a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio this year. Just about everything would have to go right, including firming up the numerous orders that have been announced but not finalized, capturing big widebody orders from Emirates and Qatar Airways, and rounding up more orders in the year-end rush. In the end, Boeing will probably fall short of its 2016 order target. But investors should still expect to see a big uptick in order activity in the next three months. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 2, 2016 at 11:20AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $145.62 up $0.29 (0.20%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $14.56 down $0.21 (-1.41%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? About Those Cheap Boeing 737s: United Continental Doesn't Want Them Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Jeff Bezos' Next Project Will Amaze You The Amazon CEO ventures further into space, and his new rockets are huge! Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Oct 2, 2016 at 10:13AM Blue Origin aims to be the biggest thing in spaceflight since the Apollo missions. Image source: Blue Origin. One thing you have to hand Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos: As the leader of the biggest retailer on the planet by market cap, he sure does know marketing. Bezos, as you know by now, is not just the CEO of Amazon.com. He's also parlayed the billions he made selling books (and everything else) online into the creation of a new space company. Dubbed Blue Origin and operating out of a facility set up in the West Texas desert, Bezos' space concern promises to give space incumbents Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) a run for their money -- and is already running neck and neck with Elon Musk's SpaceX -- albeit, with different objectives. While SpaceX aims to cut the cost of putting satellites in orbit, to date, Blue Origin has focused primarily on developing a reusable rocket to send space tourists up 62 miles to the edge of space, then safely land them back on Earth -- over and over again. Four straight flights of its New Shephard rocket have gone off without a hitch, and put Bezos on the road to creating a viable space tourism business. But it's Bezos' latest plan  that will really wow you. Bigger, faster, better While many companies in the space "space" have chosen to dodge competition with Boeing and Lockheed by focusing on the development of small rockets to carry microsatellites into space (a market the larger companies view as an afterthought), Bezos is going bigger. Building on experience gained flying New Shephard, and pairing it with the BE-4 engine that Blue Origin is developing for Boeing and Lockheed Martin's United Launch Alliance, Bezos now plans to build two new rockets capable of reaching orbit -- and beyond. Bezos' plans first materialized two months ago, when he broke ground for the construction of a new rocket factory. As depicted in the illustration up above, the rockets churned out at the new fab are going to be huge ... and huger: The first, a two-stage New Glenn launch vehicle, will measure 23 feet in diameter and stand 270 feet tall. Powered by seven BE-4 engines, it will produce 3.85 million pounds of thrust at liftoff -- more than twice the power of SpaceX's smaller Falcon 9, nearly twice that of the Boeing-designed Delta IV Heavy, and more than four times the power of a Lockheed Martin-designed Atlas V. And like SpaceX's Falcon, New Glenn's first stage will be reusable. As for the second stage, it will be powered by an additional BE-4 engine, this one optimized to work in a vacuum. Blue Origin says it intends to begin launching New Glenn "before the end of this decade" on both commercial satellite missions, and also "to fly humans into space." Blue Origin's second orbital rocket will also be named "New Glenn," but feature a third stage powered by a single BE-3 engine. (That's the same engine that powers the suborbital New Shephard, but this one will be tweaked to work better in vacuum). Adding this third stage will increase the rocket's total height to 313 feet. And with this addition, Blue Origin cryptically confides that the rocket will be "capable of flying demanding beyond-LEO missions." Bigger, faster, better ... farther? Precisely how far beyond Low Earth Orbit does Blue Origin intend to fly? To geosynchronous orbit, to the Moon, or even farther than that? Blue Origin declines to say. What the company does say, though, is that it has a "vision" of "millions of people living and working in space" -- a vision at least 1,000 times broader than United Launch Alliance's prediction of 1,000 astronauts in space. Blue Origin calls "New Glenn is a very important step" toward that goal. But what's more important to investors is the fact that with New Glenn, Blue Origin appears to be "stepping" into the ring to compete for commercial satellite launches, for transportation of astronauts to the International Space Station, and potentially for trips farther out as well. Even more interesting is the fact that Bezos plans to launch New Glenn "before the end of this decade." This implies the new rocket will arrive almost simultaneously with ULA's Vulcan  rocket, and Arianespace's Ariane 6. All that competition is not going to be good for space companies' profits -- but it could be very good for their customers, and for the development of the space industry as a whole. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 280 out of more than 75,000 rated members.  The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Oct 2, 2016 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $145.62 up $0.29 (0.20%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $758.55 up $2.15 (0.28%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $262.75 down $0.53 (-0.20%) Read More How United Airlines Plans to Boost Earnings by $4.8 Billion DryShips Stock Stalled, While Other Shipping Stocks Shift Into Reverse Shareholders Approve Tesla Motors, Inc. Acquisition of SolarCity Why Tutor Perini Got Schooled Today Tesla Software Update Will Enable a 2.4-Second Zero-to-60 Time Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x


null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Wolfgang Schäuble sets out tough line on Brexit Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports China’s hairy crab scandal reveals depth of pollution crisis Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump looks to close Washington’s revolving door Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read US tech groups scramble with post-election soul-searching Trump supporters call for Pepsi boycott Apple offers cure for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring ‘princelings’ UK regulator plans shake-up of fund sector Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump policy questions, Volkswagen slashes jobs and Britain’s metric martyrs Death of India’s big bank notes spells pain for gold and real estate US and EM investors take opposing bets on Trump’s presidency Wall Street eyes record levels as dollar hits 13-year highs The Trump trade is the dog that will bark and bark Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read India: Narendra Modi’s bonfire of the rupees Nigel Farage as envoy to Donald Trump: the go-between from hell Now Angela Merkel wears the west’s mantle Wall Street looks like a winner under Donald Trump The dangers of striking a grand bargain with Putin Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Google Home — a better virtual assistant Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover Robots muscle in on the job interview Review — ‘Working the phones’, by Jamie Woodcock Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier High stakes: Eli Lilly’s hunt for an Alzheimer’s drug Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds The feel-better guide to style Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: No hope of a quiet life in the age of disruption Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites US approves fighter jet sales to three Middle Eastern nations 3 October 2016 The US Government has reportedly approved the long-awaited sale of fighter jets to three Middle Eastern countries. Sources familiar to the matter were reported by DefenseNews as saying that the approval paves way for Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain to receive fighter jets from Boeing and Lockheed Martin. As part of a deal worth approximately $4 billion, Qatar will receive 36 Boeing F-15s and Kuwait will receive 28 F/A-18E/F Super Hornets, along with options for 12 more aircraft. Lockheed will deliver 17 F-16 fighter jets to Bahrain, in addition to upgrading up to 20 additional aircraft. "These countries are buying equipment that is interoperable with our equipment, which gives us the opportunity to deal with crises as they occur." Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker was quoted by DefenseNews as saying: "I'm glad where we've gotten to the point where the notification is coming to Congress. We've been pushing for it for some time. "In my opinion, our national interest is being served by pursuing these sales, and that always comes first, but a by-product of that is we are keeping production lines functioning in case we need to utilise those in the future. "These countries are buying equipment that is interoperable with our equipment, which gives us the opportunity to deal with crises as they occur.” The approval comes after US Senate voted in favour of a $1.15 billion military arms sale to another Middle Eastern nation, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News Deals this week: Boeing, Technica, Raytheon The Boeing Company has secured a $478.79m-worth prime contract award from... New Zealand outlines plans to spend $20bn on military capabilities by 2030 New Zealand Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has set out the government's... US approves $141m sale of LAIRCM system for South Korea’s A-330 MRTT The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... RAAF welcomes its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft The Royal Australian Air Force’s (RAAF) first P-8A Poseidon aircraft... USAF airmen develop new solution for F-22 weapon's system issue A team of airmen from the US Air Force's (USAF) Tyndall Air Force Base... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Airlineroute.net ViaAir adds new Charlotte routes in 4Q16 Condor adds Comiso service in S17 Transavia updates planned new routes in S17 Finnair W16 Leisure service additions Fiji Airways adds Taipei charters in 1Q17 View All Norwegian files intra-Europe Boeing 787 schedule in S17 Norwegian files intra-Europe Boeing 787 schedule in S17 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 3 October 2016 03:30 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 35,498 followers In last week’s schedule update Norwegian filed a number of intra-European services by the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner, mainly operating to/from Oslo for the summer 2017 season. Preliminary schedule filing is as follows, effective from 26 March 2017. Oslo – Barcelona DY1738 OSL0645 – 1005BCN 788 157 DY1739 BCN1215 – 1540OSL 788 157 Boeing 787-9 scheduled to operate this flight from 9 June 2017 to 30 July 2017. Reservations for this flight are not currently not available. Oslo – Nice DY1406 OSL1710 – 2005NCE 788 x23 DY1407 NCE2105 – 2355OSL 788 x23 Boeing 787-9 scheduled to operate this flight from 8 June 2017 to 29 July 2017. Reservations for Day 47, as well as Day 15 from 19 June 2017 to 28 July 2017 are available. Register for Routes Europe 2017 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View Related Topics Norwegian Oslo Airport Barcelona - El Prat Airport Europe Boeing 787 Aeroport Nice Cote d'Azur Summer 2017 Related Stories Norwegian S17 Boston aircraft changes Posted 26 September 2016 20:30 Norwegian launches Barcelona – US service from June 2017 Posted 7 September 2016 17:30 Norwegian files preliminary 787-9 Service expansion in S17 Posted 26 July 2016 10:30 Norwegian to Start Intra-Europe Boeing 787 Service from July 2013 Posted 5 June 2013 05:20 Aegean Airlines S17 Athens operation changes as of 19OCT16 Posted 19 October 2016 04:00 SAS adds new European routes in S17 Posted 11 October 2016 09:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
null
skip to main content Cape Girardeau 90.9fm - Farmington 88.9fm Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Agriculture Arts & Culture Crime & Safety Economy Education Health & Science Politics NPR Music Local Afternoon Classics A Harte Appetite Almost Yesterday Caffe Concerto Discover Nature Going Public Left of the Dial The Winter Project To Your Health Sunday Night at the Opera Two-Minute Drill Vargas Speaks Your Folk Connection Inside Schedule Programs Newsletter About Us People Annual Reports Advisory Board Generation Listen KRCU Employment History Driving Directions Support Make a Gift Day Sponsor Program Sponsorship KRCU Circle Planned Giving Volunteer Honor & Memorial Gifts Vehicle Donation Protect My Public Media Events Weather Special Projects We Came Home Show Me Summer Living in the Shadows Printable Schedule Search Menu Home News Agriculture Arts & Culture Crime & Safety Economy Education Health & Science Politics NPR Music Local Afternoon Classics A Harte Appetite Almost Yesterday Caffe Concerto Discover Nature Going Public Left of the Dial The Winter Project To Your Health Sunday Night at the Opera Two-Minute Drill Vargas Speaks Your Folk Connection Inside Schedule Programs Newsletter About Us People Annual Reports Advisory Board Generation Listen KRCU Employment History Driving Directions Support Make a Gift Day Sponsor Program Sponsorship KRCU Circle Planned Giving Volunteer Honor & Memorial Gifts Vehicle Donation Protect My Public Media Events Weather Special Projects We Came Home Show Me Summer Living in the Shadows Printable Schedule Search Related Program:  Going Public Going Public: Iconic B-17 Bomber Gives World War II Veterans a Chance to Relive History By Marissanne Lewis-Thompson • Sep 30, 2016 Related Program:  Going Public TweetShareGoogle+Email View Slideshow 1 of 10 B-17 bomber 'Sentimental Journey' made its way to Cape Girardeau Regional Airport on Monday September 26, 2016. The flying fortress is currently on its Flying Legends Victory Tour. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 2 of 10 Shelby Bolkey is the load master for the B-17. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 3 of 10 A row of bombs are attached to the bomber. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 4 of 10 Sentimental journey flying over the city of Cape Girardeau. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 5 of 10 Famous pinup model Betty Grable is the nose art for the flying fortress. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 6 of 10 Ball turret gunner position inside the B-17 bomber. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 7 of 10 World War II veteran Clifford Heinrich was the sole survivor of a B-17 bomber crash that killed his entire crew. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 8 of 10 Larry Perkins is the pilot of Sentimental Journey. He's flown the plane for 26 years. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 9 of 10 B-17 bomber pilot Earl Morrow signed he and his comrades names on the open bomb bay doors of the Sentimental Journey. This is their wall of honor. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 10 of 10 Floyd Smith is a World War II veteran. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU Listen Listening... / 9:47 Listen here. Standing in a cluster near the runway at the Cape Girardeau Regional Airport is a small group of World War II veterans. While swapping old war stories from the good old days they were waiting. Eagerly waiting for the arrival of the iconic B-17 bomber.   “It's just a wonderful opportunity,” said Floyd Smith a World War II veteran. “I wish the whole city could turn out and watch this thing land. It's something that you just don't see. There it comes right there. And it's something you don't see everyday. You know? And I just wish so many kids could see that. Oh what a wonderful sight.” In its heyday, the B-17 bomber was a force to be reckoned with. During World War II, the flying fortress dropped more than 600,000 tons of bombs in Europe. Virtually helping to turn the tide of the war. But these days only a handful of those heavy bombers are flyable. One of them is Sentimental Journey. She’s one of the most authentically restored B-17’s out there today. Recently, the iconic warbird found its way to the airport as part of the Flying Legends Victory Tour.   Shelby Bolkey is the loadmaster of the Sentimental Journey. She’s a redhead with a fiery personality to match. And she’s passionate about are her heroes. “My dad was in the Navy,” Bolkey said. “My father-in-law was there when they took the bridge at Remagen. One of the bloodiest battles that was the first bridge across the Rhine river. And so they're both gone. And so to be able to honor their memory is this is part of it. This plane is a symbol of all of them, but you know how can you not? They gave us a free world. How can you not honor them?”   Larry Perkins is the pilot of Sentimental Journey, and he’s been flying her for nearly 26 years. “If it weren't for B-17's carrying out their missions, you and I'd be speaking German right now,” Perkins said. “It was very important to the war and they took some terrible losses. I believe there were about 4,000 of them shot down. And you know on each of those airplanes there's 10 people.” Perkins served in the Army during the Vietnam War. He said he’s honored to fly his fellow veterans a plane ride of a lifetime.   “I would have liked to have been young enough to join them,” Perkins said. “You couldn't fly or serve with better people. And the people who come out have such rich stories.” Unlike other B-17’s you see in old war photos or movies, this aluminum beauty is bare-metal.   “At the end of the war they didn't take time to paint the airplanes,” Perkins said. “The last P-51's built, the last B-17's built were all bare-metal.” While we’re talking about her look, her nose art is of the famous ‘40s pinup model with the Million Dollar Legs, Betty Grable. “You notice that she has her posterior toward the camera,” Perkins said.   At the time, it was rumored Grable was pregnant, but it was never confirmed. However, the plane’s namesake comes from the Doris Day and Les Brown ‘40s hit Sentimental Journey. But don’t let her age or beauty fool you. She’s a solid warbird. “It's about as safe an airplane as you can fly in,” Perkins said. “It has 4 engines. It'll fly real well on two-engines. And if you remember the battle damage that the airplanes flew home with, the airplane is literally built like a bridge.”   A Boeing design, Sentimental Journey was built in 1944 in Long Beach, California. Because of manufacturing she didn’t see any combat. Instead she was sent over to the Pacific theater for the rest of the war. Three years later she became an aerial mapping plane. “Her last military job she was the mothership to remotely control another B-17 through a nuclear blast,” said Bolkey.   For nearly two decades, Sentimental Journey was used to fight forest fires for a company in California. She was relieved from her duties of dropping slurry on those fires when they discovered that the slurry was corrosive to her aluminum exterior. So they moved her to a field. Birds made a home in her engine. Her tires were flat and her propellers were bent. The company eventually decided to auction her off. “At the auction two guys were bidding to get her,” Bolkey said. “One literally wanted to turn her into beer cans. The other one was our first leader and he had the dream that we could bring her back to life and we could fly her.” Airbase Arizona got her. They cleaned her up and flew her to her current home in Mesa, Arizona. It took 18 years to fully restore her back to her former glory. And now she serves as a flying museum for veterans and civilians. When you step onto the plane the first thing you’ll see our guns and ammunition. The seats are more like nets and the inside is pretty crammed. Bolkey who was our guide motions us to take a seat, buckle up and enjoy the view as we fly over Cape Girardeau. When the flight was over she gave us her flight attendant speech. “We know you have a choice when you fly,” Bolkey said. “So the next time you decide to go blasting through the air in an unpressurized aluminum tube, we hope you'll fly with Airbase Arizona.” After the flight, Smith said he left the plane with a different perspective. “I didn't realize how important it was to the overall victory that we had to have you know,” Smith said. “Now this is just one airplane of course. [But]  then I think about all of them doing the same thing and the guys on the ground dying. And I realize how important this bomber is.” While he enjoyed spending the day catching up with old comrades, there was one veteran that was on his mind--Clifford Heinrich. Heinrich was 18 at the time of the war. Serving as a tail gunner on B-17, his plane crashed coming back from a mission. “We went on a mission and we came back to England,” Heinrich said. “[We] made it back to England alright. And we crashed and we crashed when we get there.” By the time the plane hit the ground he made it to the plane’s radio room where a nearby nurse found him. “[The] nurse was there near where we crashed,” Heinrich said. “And she's the one that pulled me out.” Heinrich was the only one to make it out alive from his 10 man crew. He spent the next 14 months in a hospital. For more than six decades his efforts went unrecognized. Earlier this year that changed when he received a Purple Heart medal among others. To this day it’s still unknown as to what exactly caused the crash. But it’s stories like Heinrich’s that remind this crew what it’s really all about. Underneath the wide open bomb bay doors, Bolkey pointed out the scattered names of veterans and their comrades. “[The] people who have come out and flown with his us that have actually been veterans and flown in a B-17, we have them sign our doors,” Bolkey said. “This is our wall of honor.” This one was Earl’s. He was a pilot of a B-17. “We saw him on July 7, 2014,” Bolkey said. “He was the pilot. He listed all of his crew members including the three that were killed in action. So when they went down. He lost let's see his radio operator. His left waist gunner and the ball turret gunner.” All of this hits home for Bolkey. Her husband served 22 years in the military and her son served in Iraq. “I sent my son off to Iraq,” Bolkey said. “ And within four days he lost his best friend. And within two weeks he lost four of his troops. And he said ‘I grew up watching World War II movies where I had to you know watch the guy write the letter home.’ He said ‘[I] never knew how hard that was until I had to write four.’ You know luckily he came home.” For many of these veterans Sentimental Journey is more than just a piece of history. It’s a place to say goodbyes. “We had a gentleman that came and struggled to get his walker out of his car, and struggled his way all the way up to the plane, and he put his hand on the star in the back,” Bolkey said.  And I waited until he stood up and I said I would help get back to his old crew position if he wanted to, and he said ‘I came to say goodbye to ghosts.’ You know and you think about that.” Tags:  Going Public B-17 Bomber WWII Airbase Arizona Sentimental Journey TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 KRCU About KRCU Driving Directions Annual Reports Contact Us
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home Secretary Carter Secretary Carter's Page Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travel Today in DoD About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Top Issues Targeted Operations Against ISIL Terrorists Force of the Future Science and Technology FY 2017 Budget Proposal Asia-Pacific Rebalance Operation Atlantic Resolve News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Special Reports Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Secretary of Defense Flickr Deputy Secretary of Defense Flickr Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Frequently Asked Questions Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-190-16 Oct. 3, 2016 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS   NAVY   Huntington Ingalls Inc., Ingalls Shipbuilding Division, Pascagoula, Mississippi, is being awarded a $120,000,000 fixed-price-incentive modification to previously awarded contract N00024-16-C-2427 for additional long lead time material in support of Landing Helicopter Assault (LHA) Replacement (LHA(R)) Flight 1 Amphibious Assault Ship (LHA 8).  Work procurement includes machinery control system components and software, cargo and aircraft elevators, gas turbines and refrigeration units.  Work will be performed in Cincinnati, Ohio (17 percent); and in other locations throughout the U.S. that are to be determined (83 percent), and is expected to be completed by June 2020.  Fiscal 2016 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funds in the amount of $120,000,000 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   General Dynamics National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, California, is being awarded a $106,175,548 modification on a not-to-exceed basis to previously awarded, undefinitized contract action (N00024-16-C-2227) for the procurement of additional long lead time material, engineering, and non-production support for the Expeditionary Mobile Base 5 (formerly Mobile Landing Platform Afloat Forward Staging Base).  This action allows the procurement of whole ship sets of interior outfittings; steel plates; hull and piping, ventilation and machinery insulation; heating, ventilation and air conditioning; emergency switchboards; piping; valves; steel shapes; ballast water treatment system; Aqueous Film Forming Foam system; and knuckle-boom crane.  Work will be performed in Crozet, Virginia (32.28 percent); San Diego, California (16.53 percent); Iron Mountain, Michigan (10.19 percent); Belle Chasse, Louisiana (7.52 percent); Busan, Korea (5.57 percent); Chula Vista, California (4.31 percent); Appleton, Wisconsin (3.02 percent); Mobile, Alabama, (2.94 percent); Houston, Texas (1.81 percent); Youngsville, Louisiana (1.47 percent); Deerfield Beach, Florida (1.43 percent); Chicago, Illinois (1.21 percent); Reston, Virginia (1.18 percent); and various other locations, each accounting for less than one percent (10.54 percent); and is expected to be completed by March 2017.  Fiscal 2016 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $82,503,411 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was not competitively procured in accordance with U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) - only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   BAE Systems Technology Solutions & Services Inc., Rockville, Maryland, is being awarded a $56,566,975 cost-plus-incentive-fee, cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to provide systems engineering and integration services in support of Trident II (D5) strategic weapons system, the SSGN attack weapon system, and nuclear weapon surety.  This contract contains options, which if exercised, will bring the contract value to a maximum dollar value of $368,716,147.  Work will be performed at Rockville, Maryland (70.6 percent); Washington, District of Columbia (14.7 percent); Kings Bay, Georgia (5.1 percent); Silverdale, Washington (2.7 percent); Norfolk, Virginia (1.5 percent);  San Diego, California (1.1 percent); Barrow, United Kingdom (1.1 Percent); Alexandria, Virginia (1.0 percent); Buffalo, New York (0.3 percent); Downington, Pennsylvania (0.3 percent); Ocala, Florida (0.2 percent); Pittsfield, Massachusetts (0.2 percent); Montgomery Village, Maryland (0.2 percent); New Lebanon, New York (0.2 percent); New Paris, Ohio (0.2 percent); Wexford, Pennsylvania (0.2 percent); Alton, Virginia (0.2 percent); Springfield, Virginia (0.2 percent), Vienna, Virginia (0.2 percent); and St. Mary’s, Georgia (0.2 percent), with an expected completion date of Sept. 30, 2017.  If all options are exercised, work will continue through Sept. 30, 2021.  Subject to availability of funds, fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $34,850,718; fiscal 2017 research development test and evaluation (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $10,080,290; and United Kingdom funds in the amount of $11,635,967 will be obligated on this award.  Contract funds in the amount of $34,850,718 will expire Sept. 30, 2017.  This contract was a sole-source acquisition in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) and (4).  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity (N00030-17-C-0001).   General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc., Poway, California, is being awarded a $43,736,111 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to conduct risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in Poway, California (90 percent); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (5 percent); and Rancho Bernardo, California (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in October 2017.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $43,736,111 are being obligated at time of award; all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was not competitively procured pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity (N00019-16-C-0085).   The Boeing Co., Huntington Beach, California, is being awarded a $32,751,030 cost-plus-fixed-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee contract for labor, services, and materials for the Trident II (D-5) strategic weapon system’s inertial navigation equipment.  This contract contains options, which if exercised, will bring the contract value to a maximum dollar value of $88,915,274.  Work will be performed at Huntington Beach, California (67 percent); Heath, Ohio (24 percent); Carson, California (7 percent); Valhalla, New York (1 percent); and Blacksburg, Virginia (1 percent), with an expected completion date of Sept. 30, 2019.  If all options are exercised, work will continue through Sept. 30, 2020.  Subject to availability of funds, fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $26,922,730; United Kingdom funds in the amount of $3,020,308; and fiscal 2017 research development test and evaluation (Navy)  contract funds in the amount of  $2,807,992 will be obligated on this award.  Contract funds in the amount of $26,922,730 will expire Sept. 30, 2017.  This contract was a sole-source acquisition in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) and (4).  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity (N00030-17-C-0002).   Quantum Imaging Inc.,* Colorado Springs, Colorado, is being awarded a $8,195,366 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract with a five-year ordering period for short-wave infrared camera assemblies; visible-near infrared camera, low-light scientific complementary metal-oxide semiconductor camera; repairs; and provisioning item order spare parts for the Multi-spectral Targeting System.  The short-wave infrared camera assemblies and visible-near infrared camera, low-light scientific complementary metal-oxide semiconductor cameras are part of the supplies required for the replacement and sustainment of the Multi-spectral Targeting System configurations that supports Navy, Army and Air Force aircraft.  These systems provide intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance, detection, identification and targeting capability in both day and night operations for both manned and unmanned platforms.  Work will be performed in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and is expected be complete by September 2021.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $101,315 will be obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract is being issued on a sole-source basis in accordance with the statutory authority of 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1- only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane, Indiana, is the contracting activity (N00164-17-D-JQ65).   AIR FORCE   McCrone Associate Inc., Westmont, Illinois, has been awarded a $90,875,000 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract for non-personal services. Contractor will provide 24 hours per day, 365 days per year services for processing and analyzing particle samples for the Air Force Technical Application Center's nuclear treaty monitoring mission. Work will be performed at Westmont, Illinois, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2024. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,328,091 are being obligated at the time of award. Headquarters Air Combat Command Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA7022-17-D-0006).   Schafer Vallecitos Laboratories Inc., Sunol, California, has been awarded a $90,080,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for non-personal services. Contractor will provide 24 hours per day, 365 days per year services for processing and analyzing particle samples for the Air Force Technical Application Center’s nuclear treaty monitoring mission. Work will be performed at Sunol, California, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2024. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,348,910 are being obligated at the time of award. Headquarters Air Combat Command Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA7022-17-D-0007).   Avosys Technology Inc., San Antonio, Texas,* has been awarded a $48,000,000 firm-fixed-price task order (0014) to previously awarded contract FA4877-15-D-B001 for clinical healthcare services. Contractor will provide health care workers, who will perform a full range of clinical support services. Work will be performed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, and is expected to be complete by July 8, 2020. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition and 15 offers were received. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $5,625,300 are being obligated at the time of award. The 355th Contracting Squadron, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, is the contracting activity.   The COLSA Corp., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $44,888,533 modification (P00005) to exercise the option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0031for technical and management advisory services including command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); and cyber support. Contractor will provide additional research, development, test and evaluation; and acquisition support services being provided under the basic task order. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Hanscom AFB, Massachusetts; Gunter Annex, Alabama; Patrick AFB, Florida; Edwards AFB, California: and San Antonio, Texas, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. This contract involves a small amount of foreign military sales. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; production; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,165,373 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., Warner Robins, Georgia, has been awarded a $40,502,888 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for APN 241 Low Power Color Radar (LPCR). Contractor will provide depot level repair of the APN-241 LPCR used across multiple C-130 platforms. Work will be performed at Warner Robins, Georgia, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 29, 2026. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Sustainment Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity (FA8538-16-D-0014). (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   The Boeing Co., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, has been awarded a $32,000,000 firm-fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee, cost reimbursable, and time and materials contract for KC-10/KDC-10 engineering sustainment support. Contractor will provide engineering support services for sustainment of the operational, safety, suitability, and effectiveness of the structural and functional systems, subsystems and their components. Work will be performed at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and is expected to be complete by Dec. 31, 2017. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,099,895 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (FA8105-17-D-0001).   DynCorp International LLC, Fort Worth, Texas, has been awarded a $27,472,250 modification (P00299) to previously awarded contract FA4890-08-C-0004 for maintenance and repair of government furnished facilities and property while meeting environmental compliance requirements. When requested, the contractor shall provide exercise and contingency logistics support by performing all aspects of serviceability check, deployment out-load, in transit visibility, receipt, set-up, inventory, sustainment, condition sampling, redeployment or onward movement of assets and systems, assist in tear-down and subsequent reconstitution, refurbishment, and storage of war reserve materials assets and system. Work will be performed in Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, United Arab Emirates, and Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina, and is expected to be complete by Jan. 31, 2017. Fiscal 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations funds in the amount of $27,066,636 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Combat Command, Acquisitions Management and Integration Center, Langley AFB, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   Bevilacqua Research Corp., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $25,876,919 modification (P00006) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0033 for technical and management advisory services. Contractor will provide additional diverse research, development, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Hurlburt Field, Florida; Nellis AFB, Nevada; Joint Base Lewis McChord, Washington; and Edwards AFB, California, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; and procurement funds in the amount of $4,459,341 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   QuantiTech Inc., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $25,716,024 modification (P00008) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0034 for technical and management advisory services for range support. Contractor will provide additional research, development, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services being provided under the basic task order. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Arnold AFB, Tennessee, Hickam AFB, Hawaii, Holloman AFB, New Mexico, and Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; production; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,860,209 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   The Torch Technologies Inc., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $24,323,545 modification (P00006) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0030 for technical and management advisory services for armament support. Contractor will provide diverse research, development, technical, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services being provided under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; and Kirkland AFB, New Mexico, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 production; and research and development funds in the amount of $6,145,397 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA2486-16-F-0030).   The Pacific Architects & Engineers Inc., Marlton, New Jersey, has been awarded a $20,611,445 modification (A00109) to previously awarded contract FA3002-09-C-003 for civil engineering services. Contractor will provide all labor, supplies, materials, parts, supervision, and other items or services necessary to perform the management and operation of the base operating support services, and civil engineering. Work will be performed at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas; Frederick Airfield, Oklahoma; and Lake Texoma, Texas, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $5,186,784 are being obligated at the time of award. The 82nd Contracting Squadron, Sheppard AFB, Texas, is the contracting activity (FA3002-09-C-003).   TRI-COR Industries Inc., Lanham, Maryland,* has been awarded a $17,819,945 task order (0009) to previously awarded contract FA4452-13-D-0002 for Applications, Infrastructure and Systems Support, Increment 2 (AISS II) services. Contractor will conduct technical and support tasks associated with the infrastructure and applications support, information assurance, testing, configuration management, and training in support of the Mobility Air Force Command and Control and In-Transit Visibility/Business Systems. Work will be performed at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, and is expected to be complete by April 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 transportation working capital; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $17,819,945 are being obligated at the time of award. The 763rd Specialized Contracting Squadron, Scott AFB, Illinois, is the contracting activity.   Force 3 LLC, Crofton, Maryland, has been awarded an $11,373,470 modification (02) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101 for Land Mobile Radio hardware and accessories. Contractor will provide additional quantity of 4,888 items being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany; Lajes Field, Portugal; Moron AB, Spain; Royal Air Force Lakenheath AB, United Kingdom; Aviano AB, Italy; Spangdahlem AB, Germany; RAF Mildenhall, United Kingdom; RAF Alconbury, United Kingdom; and RAF Croughton, United Kingdom. Work is expected to be complete by Nov. 30, 2016. Fiscal 2016 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $11,373,470 are being obligated at the time of award. The 764 Specialized Contracting Squadron, Kapuan Air Station, Germany, is the contracting activity (FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101). (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   M1 Support Services, Denton, Texas, has been awarded a $10,498,529 modification (A00015) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA3002-15-C-0006 for ground instructional training aircraft, historical static display aircraft, trainers, support equipment, aerospace ground equipment, and munitions trainer maintenance services. Work will be performed at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas; and Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $2,624,632 are being obligated at the time of award for October-December. The 82d Contracting Squadron, Sheppard AFB, Texas, is the contracting activity.   Force 3 LLC, Crofton, Maryland, has been awarded a $9,999,999 modification (01) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101 for Land Mobile Radio hardware and accessories. Contractor will provide an additional quantity of 7,172 items being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany; Lajes Field, Portugal; Moron AB, Spain; Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom; Aviano AB, Italy; Spangdahlem AB, Germany; RAF Mildenhall, UK; RAF Alconbury, UK and RAF Croughton, UK, and is expected to be complete by Nov. 30, 2016. Fiscal 2016 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,999,999 are being obligated at the time of award. The 764 Specialized Contracting Squadron, Kapuan Air Station, Germany, is the contracting activity. (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   BGI LLC, Akron, Ohio, has been awarded a $7,424,343 modification (P00035) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA4890-13-C-0008 for the EC-130H and A-10 contract aircrew training and courseware development. This modification adds the first increment of funds for fiscal 2016. Work will be performed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona; and Moody AFB, Georgia, and is expected to be completed by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $775,611 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Combat Command - Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Langley AFB, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY   CORRECTION: The contract awarded to CareFusion, San Diego, California, on Sept. 30, 2016, was incorrectly identified as HT0011-16-A-0001. The announcement should have listed the contract as HT0011-16-A-0002. All other information in the announcement was correct.   *Small business News News Articles Posted 07/24/2015 Casualty Releases Posted 07/24/2015 Press Advisories Posted 07/24/2015 News Transcripts Posted 07/24/2015 Publications Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Contracts Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Messages Posted 07/24/2015 Special Reports Posted 07/24/2015 Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Photos/Videos Photo Essays Posted 07/24/2015 Week in Photos Posted 07/24/2015 DoD Video News Posted 07/24/2015 Other Pentagon Press Badges Posted 07/24/2015 Press/Media Queries Posted 07/24/2015 Military Commissions Posted 07/24/2015 Other News Sources Posted 07/24/2015 Recent Contracts Contracts for 11/17/2016 Contracts for 11/16/2016 Contracts for 11/15/2016 Contracts for 11/14/2016 Contracts for 11/10/2016 Contracts for 11/09/2016 Contracts for 11/08/2016 Contracts for 11/07/2016 Contracts for 11/04/2016 Contracts for 11/03/2016 Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Gearburn Incisive reviews for the gadget obsessed Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe News Geek Culture Competition Humour Infographic Memes Online Fun Podcasts TV & Movies Viral videos Tech Big Tech Apple Google Microsoft Bio Technology Future Trends General Tech Innovation Interviews Security Space Technology Virtual & Augmented Reality Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Snapchat Twitter WhatsApp YouTube Digital All Stars Digital Media Advertising & Marketing Online journalism Online media Mobile Android iOS Apps Jobs MenuNews Geek Culture -Competition -Humour -Infographic -Memes -Online Fun -Podcasts -TV & Movies -Viral videos Tech -Big Tech --Apple --Google --Microsoft -Bio Technology -Future Trends -General Tech -Innovation -Interviews -Security -Space Technology -Virtual & Augmented Reality Social Media -Facebook -Instagram -LinkedIn -Snapchat -Twitter -WhatsApp -YouTube Digital All Stars Digital Media -Advertising & Marketing -Online journalism -Online media Mobile -Android -iOS -Apps Jobs Trending 10 WhatsApp tricks you should know about Saxonwold Shebeen: South Africa’s hilarious new meme Johannesburg floods: here’s what Twitter and Instagram captured Groupon South Africa is dead: here’s what will happen to your orders Richard Branson praises Pravin Gordhan in Cape Town Pornhub reportedly buying Vine? Because ‘six seconds is more than enough’ Update: DDoS attack on Dyn DNS leaves internet crippled Trends / Space Technology / United Nations to launch its first space mission By Hadlee Simons on 29 September, 2016 HadleeSimons Share The United Nations (UN) has teamed up with private space firm Sierra Nevada Corporation to launch the UN’s first space mission. The mission, announced at the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, is meant to help developing nations launch their own payloads, the space firm announced in a press statement. As for a host spacecraft, payloads will be lifted into orbit via Sierra Nevada’s unmanned Dream Chaser “orbital vehicle”, being similar to Boeing’s X37B unmanned spaceplane. “The dedicated Dream Chaser mission is targeted at providing developing countries the opportunity to develop and fly microgravity payloads for an extended duration in orbit; however, all United Nations Member States will be able to propose payloads for the mission,” Sierra Nevada explained. The UN and Sierra Nevada mission potentially opens the door for spacecraft to land in UN member states What about the date for the first UN mission, then? “The first-ever United Nations space mission is intended to launch in 2021 and will allow United Nations Member States to participate in a 14-day flight to low-Earth orbit on SNC’s Dream Chaser spacecraft.” Countries chosen to provide a payload will need to pay a portion of the costs for the mission, but “major sponsors” are also being sought to pay for most of the costs. These payloads will be chosen in 2018, giving ample time for the load to be developed and integrated into the host spacecraft ahead of the 2021 launch. Sierra Nevada claims that the Dream Chaser will be able to land at spaceports and even commercial airports. “This offers the opportunity to land the United Nations mission in any licensed Member State supplying a payload on the mission. SNC is currently working with airports and spaceports to be granted a Federal Aviation Administration reentry license for  commercial Dream Chaser missions.” Author | Hadlee Simons Terrible puns make Hadlee Simons difficult to work with, but he brings almost seven years of tech journalism experience to the table. When he's not at work or watching motorsport, he's in the foetal position on a jiu jitsu mat. More RELATED Closest supermoon set for today – watch for spring tide Supermoon: NASA photographer gives shooting tips Astronauts have voted in the 2016 US elections BurnCast Subscribe via email SHARE Popular Latest Comments | November 18, 2016 10 WhatsApp tricks you should know about | November 18, 2016 Saxonwold Shebeen: South Africa’s hilarious new meme | November 18, 2016 Johannesburg floods: here’s what Twitter and Instagram captured | November 18, 2016 Groupon South Africa is dead: here’s what will happen to your orders | November 18, 2016 Richard Branson praises Pravin Gordhan in Cape Town | November 18, 2016 Pornhub reportedly buying Vine? Because ‘six seconds is more than enough’ | November 18, 2016 Update: DDoS attack on Dyn DNS leaves internet crippled Andy Walker: Gearburn Editor | November 18, 2016 Airbnb Trips: is it the future of travel and tourism? Larry Alton | November 18, 2016 3 ways virtual reality will become a major part of our future ShowMax | November 18, 2016 5 reasons you need Showmax in your life – right now [Sponsored] Hadlee Simons | November 17, 2016 Uber by the numbers in South Africa, Kenya & Nigeria Hadlee Simons | November 17, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to save your old photo albums Rick Vanover | November 17, 2016 Balancing security and availability: the key to managing the ICT divide Staff Reporter | November 17, 2016 Drone racing could be South Africa’s next big sport Orionsangel says: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0axvGTsT9U... ktown says: as per usual the Lumia trashes any other smar... Hadlee Simons says: Hey Dan! As I told the above reader, I'm no... Hadlee Simons says: Hey there Leon, Sorry for that! So, I'm not... leonffs says: In which of these examples did you tweak the ... Carl Kwena says: Great article and good advice for consumers! ... Commercial Director at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) PHP Wordpress Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid - Snr Digital Copywriter at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) C# .NET Developer at Hire Resolve (Johannesburg) Senior Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Digital/UI Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg North) DTP Graphic Designer at Recruit Digital (Durban) Mid level Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Memeburn focuses on everything digital in the emerging markets sphere. More about us here Copyright © Memeburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Space Technology SpaceX reveals interplanetary rocket, spaceship Read More »
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Wangethi Mwangi sworn in as member of media commission MPs urge Ngilu to drop bid for governor Uhuru to get names for top EACC post in a week East Africa assembly to debate bills on gender, plastics in Nairobi Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business State bets on new pest-proof storage bags to reduce maize wastage GE Africa celebrates breast cancer awareness month Big GE digital acquisition uses cloud analytics to keep machines in GE Africa and USADF launch 2017 Off-Grid Energy Challenge for women Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you Governor, MP supporters clash in Nyeri Kenyans lie during data collection, KNBS says MP wants residents issued with title deeds Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Kenya beat Hong Kong in World Cricket League Championship Top drivers enter inaugural Rift 1000 Classic Rally USIU, Wings clash for semi-final slot Water retain league title, eye regional crown Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion FRANCESCHI: Lying on social media pays good money - that should worry ARUNGA: There’s still no leading candidate for Nairobi governor MATHIU: Paradigm shift in Kenyan politics needed MUREITHI: Conferencing will help diversify tourism Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style Why settle for one job when you can have two? ASK HR: My boss takes credit for my work ASK HR: I wish I could get feedback, any feedback... ASK HR: Colleagues say that I am having an affair with our CEO Videos = Home News We are back in business after weekend hitches - KQ Tuesday October 4 2016 email print Kenya Airways CEO Mbuvi Ngunze listens to an address by one of the participants of an AGM at KQ Pride Centre on September 29, 2016. It said in a statement that operational snags that caused the weekend delays had been addressed. PHOTO | DIANA NGILA | NATION MEDIA GROUP  In Summary A spot check indicated that a flight from Dar es Salaam was on Monday delayed for nearly two hours. The weekend disruptions came barely a fortnight after a bird strike and a tyre burst crippled operations. Advertisement The loss-making national carrier Kenya Airways on Monday said its flight schedule had normalised following a chaotic weekend of long delays and a cancellation. It said in a statement that operational snags that caused the weekend delays had been addressed. “We would like to confirm that only one flight was cancelled yesterday (Sunday),” said the airline’s statement. “However, we had delays on the Mombasa operations for KQ 608/9 and the afternoon Jambojet flights. “Jambojet was experiencing non-availability of two aircraft, which led to significant delays. “On the long-haul network, one of our B787 Dreamliners last week experienced a technical problem in Hanoi, Vietnam. This was the first time this particular event had occurred on the worldwide 787 fleet and we had to seek the assistance of Boeing to solve it.” Related Content Duale to lay complaints of flight delays before House A spot check, however, indicated that a flight from Dar es Salaam was on Monday delayed for nearly two hours. The weekend disruptions came barely a fortnight after a bird strike and a tyre burst crippled operations. Passengers booked on flights mainly to Mombasa and Ukunda, including those of its budget subsidiary Jambojet, were delayed for several hours. The airline attributed the hitch to an engine problem that took longer than expected to fix. This, coupled with the puncture on the September 18 flight from Entebbe, resulted in a knock-on effect that delayed multiple flights. It came under regulatory scrutiny following the tyre burst incident. Kenya Airways reported a net loss of Sh26.2 billion in the year ended March 2016. A number of pilots and engineers have left the carrier for better-paying jobs as the airline struggles to dig itself out of a financial abyss. Mbuvi Ngunze, the Kenya Airways chief executive, blamed the employees’ shrinkage to poaching of skilled staff by Middle East airlines, which are offering lucrative perks and salaries to the highly trained specialists. He said at the airline’s annual general meeting last week that the number of pilots now stands at 460 and while the number of engineers is 600. email print Related Stories Mon Oct 03 00:13:00 EAT 2016 Duale to lay complaints of flight delays before House Kenya Airways said in its twitter account that all flights are operational but one. In the headlines MPs urge Ngilu to drop bid for governor The legislators promised to campaign for Ngilu if she agrees to vie for the senate seat. Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you Mr Kiala's daughter was on Wednesday found unhurt at her boyfriend's house in Kasarani, Nairobi. CJ Maraga startles staff at Kakamega courthouse   Legal battle brewing between Passaris and Miguna Universities to lose charters over graft - Matiang'i Uhuru to get names for top EACC post in a week Kenneth quits his party, readies to launch bid for Nairobi governorship Dozens killed in Mozambique fuel truck blast Advertisement Latest News Business State bets on new pest-proof storage bags to reduce maize wastage   Kitui Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you   Cricket Kenya beat Hong Kong in World Cricket League Championship   Muranga Governor, MP supporters clash in Nyeri   Motorsports Top drivers enter inaugural Rift 1000 Classic Rally   Basketball USIU, Wings clash for semi-final slot   Other Sports Water retain league title, eye regional crown   Advertisement Latest Nairobi News LATEST NTV VIDEOS Know your Starlets: Left back Wendy Achieng’ has 26 national caps Sofapaka’s Noah Abich is KPL’s player of October Palm oil Declaration: Deal to mitigate negative effects of palm oil production signed Five shortlisted for position of new IEBC chairperson Government extends deadline for closure of Dadaab camp Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors of the Global UAV Landing Gear Market from 2016-2020, by Technavio 03.10.2016 | 20:23 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors of the Global UAV Landing Gear Market from 2016-2020, by Technavio Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) landing gear marketreport until 2020. This research report also lists four other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Geographically, the global UAV landing gear market in APAC will record the highest growth rate of almost 19% during the forecast period. Increasing insurgency and territorial disputes have resulted in high investments in the indigenous development of UAVs and associated components in Asian countries including China, Vietnam, South Korea, India, and Japan. Also, the ability of several Chinese companies such as DJI to supply low-cost commercial and hobbyist UAVs will raise the demand for associated components in the region. Competitive vendor landscape The global UAV landing gear market is highly competitive with many prominent vendors competing for augmenting their market share. Owing to the stringent safety and regulatory norms, coupled with high investments requirements, entry of new vendors can get restricted during the forecast period. According to Arushi Thakur, an industry expert at Technavio for aerospace componentsresearch, "The rapid adoption of UAVs in the commercial and civil application is driving the UAV component providers to develop and supply cost-efficient landing gears that can enhance the operation capability of small UAVs Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52506 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five UAV landing gear market vendors Aero Telemetry Aero Telemetry offers hydraulically actuated landing gears and associated subsystems for UAVs. The company manufactures and supplies both fixed and retractable landing gears for medium and large remotely piloted aircraft. It has designed several mission-critical UAVs, including the Boeing and NASA's X-48 Blended Wing Body UAV. Aero Telemetry primarily offers retractable landing gear systems that are designed for UAV airframes weighing over 200 pounds. The largest retractable landing gear system that the company offers is capable of operating with UAV airframes of 3,000 pounds. CIRCOR International CIRCOR International, through its aerospace subsidiary, CIRCOR Aerospace, provides fluidic control and undercarriage components, as well as subsystems for aerospace and defense industry. Its services division engages in the designing of aircraft landing gear and components, which comprises designing and manufacture of landing gear ship sets and associated components such as spares parts. Fiber Dynamics Fiber Dynamics collaborates with many UAV manufacturers and provides them assistance in UAV manufacturing. For example, in 2014, the company partnered with General Atomics (a major UAV supplier) for the design and manufacture of advanced landing gear struts for its Predator B MQ-9 Reaper UAVs. Since then, the company has been manufacturing landing struts by casting the core from its proprietary composite material, namely Thermocore. These are manufactured by employing LCRTM system, which helps in reducing the weight and cost of each landing struts, as well as enhances the structural integrity by ensuring superior absorption capability of the landing loads. GE Aviation GE Aviation designs, manufactures, and supplies landing gear struts predominantly for X-47B UAVs. These UAVs are used for the Unmanned Combat Air System Carrier Demonstration program of the US Navy. Since 2009, the company has been providing such landing gears to the Northrop Grumman (the company that manufactures X-47B UAVs). The landing gear of the X-47B UAV is designed to address the challenges of takeoffs and arrested landings on the aircraft carriers of the US. Navy. The company is also responsible for the qualification of such integrated landing gear systems. Héroux-Devtek Héroux-Devtek designs and manufactures complex landing gear and associated components for UAV platforms. The company had designed and developed landing gear sub-systems for Global Hawk UAVs (manufactured by Northrop Grumman) that are currently operated by the US Air Force. Héroux-Devtek also provides landing gear systems for the X-45C unmanned combat aircraft developed by Boeing in 2002. Top-vendor offerings Company Products Aero Telemetry Corp. Retractable main landing gears for UAV Circor Aerospace Inc. Actuation systems Hydraulic control Landing gears Sensors Speed transducers Fiber Dynamics Inc. UAV fan duct UAV flap and aileron UAV landing gear strut GE Aviation Aerostructures UAV landing gear systems Héroux-Devtek Inc. Actuation systems Landing gears Source: Technavio Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Warfare Market 2016-2020 Global VTOL UAV Market 2016-2020 Global Multirotor UAV Market 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161003005791/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas Where Are All the Startups? By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Topics Industry AUSA AA Font size + Print There are more than 600 exhibitors at this year's annual meeting of the Association of the United States Army. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Pentagon leaders regularly tout Silicon Valley innovation, but entrepreneurs seem largely absent from the largest defense industry events. Wander the exhibit floors of the military’s largest conferences this fall, and you’ll see everything from ground combat vehicles to veteran-trained service dogs, from bit players hawking flooring for overseas installations to industry giants showing off futuristic ideas. One thing you won’t see much of, if at all? Startups. Pentagon leaders regularly laud Silicon Valley-esque companies and have repeatedly said that harnessing entrepreneurs’ innovative ideas is crucial to the U.S. military’s qualitative edge. Just this month, Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon will be opening a third Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility in Austin. But that praise—and a planned $65 million in investments funneled through DIUx—have yet to translate to booths on the ground. At the Air Force Association’s annual Air, Space and Cyber conference last month, for example, none of the 120-plus exhibitors were what might conventionally be called a startup. “Why would you expect to see a millennial at the opera?” said Air Force Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski, who leads Air Force Materiel Command. “By that I mean, the forum that’s here for AFA, a booth concept, is not the environment that the entrepreneurial community they engage with is one that they come to. It’s not of interest to them.” Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. A smattering of small businesses That’s not to say that there aren’t small businesses at AFA and the other large conferences, tucked amid the sprawling exhibits from the likes of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. This week’s Association of the United States Army conference has a program, now in its fourth year, that grants small businesses a membership-free trial exhibit at the show, AUSA Industry Affairs Director Michael Scanlan said. This year, the program accounts for more than 80 of AUSA’s 600-plus exhibitors. It doesn’t specifically target startups, because “that’s not how I look at the market,” Scanlan said. What matters is the company’s interest in working with the defense industry, not its age, growth plans, or a self-designation as a startup, he said. “We’ve had a steady stream of interest from smaller, more nimble companies,” Scanlan said. “We try to provide the Army with an opportunity to talk to small businesses and learn from them.” But even though small businesses generate innovative ideas and can share characteristics with startups, the two are not synonymous, the Air Force’s Pawlikowski said. It’s the younger, entrepreneurial startups that are even less likely to be found at traditional industry conferences. Only a handful of the companies in AUSA’s three small business pavilions, for example, were created in the last decade. Hurdles to participating Part of it’s a financial calculation. Larger defense contractors can easily account for the time and resources it takes to develop and man a sufficiently impressive booth for a three-day show, said Andrew Borene, a management consultant with executive experience both at IBM and a microrobotics startup. That becomes a difficult calculus for small, cash-strapped startups. “When you’re talking about those massive-scale shows, they’re long shows, sometimes three or more days,” Borene said. “If you’re a lean startup, you’re not only paying for booth space, you’re taking sellers out of the field for that time. There are small businesses, but they’re generally across that five-year operating hump, they’re not really quite a startup business. Typically they’re there because they have enough operating capacity and stabilized capital.” Then there’s the cost of the space itself. A 10-by-10-foot plot, the smallest stand offered at both AUSA and AFA’s conferences, runs about $5,000—before membership dues to either organization. Though it’s not significantly more than the thousands it costs to exhibit at a few of the biggest tech conferences or innovation-focused events like SXSW, it’s orders of magnitude greater than the fees for a number of startup-oriented conferences. Companies have to decide to invest that capital relatively far in advance as well. A week after AFA’s conference wrapped up, they had already sold 83 percent of the floor space available next year, according to an official. Medium-term prospects like that, as well as the longer-term investments in industry association memberships, aren’t always possible for small businesses and startups, Scanlan said. “It’s challenging for a small business,” he said. “Their business cycles move so fast.” And purchasing booth space a year in advance is one of the shorter lead times startups will encounter when working with the military industrial complex. Protracted acquisition timelines and complicated regulations can turn off entrepreneurs who might otherwise be interested in working with the military, said Gen. Paul Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “There are startup companies that are interacting with the department and with the Air Force,” Selva said, speaking on an AFA panel with Pawlikowski. “But they don’t find themselves comfortable in the environment we’ve created. They are not comfortable inside the Federal Acquisition Regulations, and they’re certainly not comfortable on the long lead time and very long development cycles that we normally bring to programs.” Hidden, but not entirely absent One way to “see” startups on the floor? Look to the products and innovations the biggest companies are displaying. The largest contractors play an integrating role with the rest of the industry, from collaborating on specific offerings to sponsoring startup incubators, said Bernie Skoch, the coordinator of the AFA conference. “If you stroll the booths…you’re not going to see [startups’] logos or their brands on the floor necessarily,” he said. “But a lot of the integrators, each one of the primes, they partner with startups, small businesses, those non-traditional companies.” For those startups not already wrapped into one of the big contractors’ fold, purchasing exhibit space is the most visible way to participate at the large conferences, but it’s not the only one. Skoch said a number of small businesses and startups have connected with the association’s other members by sponsoring a panel or tables at the receptions, although AFA does not make those sponsorship lists public. And multiple sources said walking the floor as an attendee—rather than exhibiting on it—can prove just as fruitful for smaller-staffed startups. “I have seen people from companies that are small and in startup phase buying a full access ticket and having a lot of success,” Borene said. “That’s the other reason you’re not seeing them on the exhibit floor. It’s a guerrilla tactic…a smart startup CEO is leveraging every angle.” Another viable option is one of any of the shorter conferences outside the D.C. Beltway that still provide a “safe, ethical means for startups to get access” to military leaders, acquisition officials and potential partners, Borene said. “If you’re a small [company], you kind of have to be a contrarian—you’ll get drowned at AUSA,” Borene said. “But if you go to some of the smaller ones, they tend to be a day or at most two days, so you’re not burning resources manning a booth.” Meeting in the middle Whether it’s through formal exhibits or informal conversations at AUSA’s or AFA’s summits, a DIUx award, or another avenue, the military has to find environments in which startups are comfortable, Selva said. “What we have to do, and what we have been doing is trying to nurture relationships with those small companies by placing bets and asking them hard questions and giving them some time to chew on them,” Selva said. That increased engagement with small entrepreneurs might not translate to a significantly larger startup presence on the exhibit floor, or even a desire for it. Though the AFA hasn’t wrapped up its post-conference survey from attendees and exhibitors, Skoch said they hadn’t yet received any feedback requesting a greater startup presence on the floor. “We haven’t completely tabulated the data, but what we heard from the exhibitors is this was one of the most engaged years, the busiest they’ve seen the floor,” he said. “I have not heard a specific desire for non-traditional exhibitors.” Recognizing the difficulties startups face when engaging with the large-scale conferences, the Air Force and other services have started to meet them where they’re most comfortable instead, Pawlikowski said. “We have to reach out to the forums they’re participating in,” she said. “I, personally, out in Los Angeles participated in a venture capitalist conference to talk about space … After I participated in a panel, I had about a dozen venture capitalists come up to me, wanting [me] to know that they had entrepreneurs that were interested in getting involved.” Outreach like that is starting to return dividends, Borene said. Startups may not be expressing their interest by purchasing booths at the massive industry events, but they are expressing it. He pointed to organizations like Eastern Foundry, which has created a homebase with office space and resources just down the road from the Pentagon for startups interested in the defense sector. “The Pentagon, with its giant bureaucracy, is making all of the right moves in embracing and getting out to the clusters of ingenuity in the civilian sector, and on the other side, you’re seeing those entrepreneurs aggregating here in DC in order to start addressing that need,” Borene said. “The macro trends are all moving in the right direction to start seeing innovation in the defense industrial base.” Caroline Houck is an Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One. Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement 2 Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia 3 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Home News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream 66° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines RTA will provide free rides all Thanksgiving Day Updated: 36 mins ago RTA said Friday as a way to say thank you to the Miami Valley and support access to Dayton’s Feast of Giving Dinner, the Greater Dayton RTA … Tests show high lead levels in water at 60 Cleveland schools Updated: 46 mins ago All but nine of the buildings checked had water fixtures with elevated lead readings, the district said Friday. Ohio unemployment rises slightly in October Updated: 50 mins ago Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems 8:48 am Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans 9:07 am Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 66° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 66° F Wind: S 17 Humidity: 48% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 7:25 AM Sunset: 5:17 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Reds legend Johnny Bench launches anti-bullying app 6:49 am The Hall of Fame catcher is teaming up with Smithfield Foods to provide an app for teachers and administrators to connect with parents. Ohio State holds off Providence 72-67 4:32 am JaQuan Lyle scored 20 points to lead the Buckeyes past the Friars. Cincinnati Reds to play ‘Futures’ game in Dayton November 17, 2016 Ohio State moves up to 2 in CFB Playoff rankings November 15, 2016 Flyers beat ‘Bama, but may have lost Cunningham November 15, 2016 Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Table 33 November 17, 2016 Nite at the Races November 17, 2016 The Greater Dayton Apartment Association’s charitable arm, “The Rent Foundation,” is again hosting a “Nite at the Races” event on Friday nig… Thanksgiving Travel November 17, 2016 Christmas at EnterTRAINment Junction November 17, 2016 Great American Smoke Out November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream Search for: Search the site 66° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Nearly 100 companies looking for talent at career fair By Paul Rodzinka Published: October 3, 2016, 11:18 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: Courtesy Cedarville University) CEDARVILLE, Ohio (WDTN) – One of the largest career fairs in Greene County will be held Wednesday at Cedarville University. Cedarville University said Monday they will host the Fall Career Fair with nearly 100 companies in attendance in the Doden Field House. The event happens Wednesday, October 5 and will run from 11:00 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. The event is open to the public. Some of the companies that will be looking for talent include Proctor and Gamble, General Electric, The Boeing Company, Honda and Walgeens. Well-known local companies including Reynolds and Reynolds, LexisNexis and Speedway also plan to send representatives. “This is definitely an opportunity for students of all levels of experience to sharpen their professional networking and interviewing skills, which will better position them to gain internship experience and full-time job offers in the future,” said Jeff Reep, director of career services. Several industries will also be represented including health care, sales, engineering, retail and data communication. Government agencies will also be at the fair including the FBI, according to the University. You can find more information about the Fall Career Fair, including a list of companies planning to attend by going to the Cedarville website. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts AAA wants to hire 12 people to help drivers this winter Role of the church in addressing the opioid epidemic Dayton area retailer adding 30 people per store 2016 Veterans Day events in the Miami Valley Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Friday, November 18, 2016 Home Latest News Off Beat Pictorial World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Off Beat - Pictorial - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Latest News Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Kenya Airways explains flight delays, says problems solved Oct. 03, 2016, 6:00 pm By PATRICK VIDIJA @vidijapatrick Kenya Airways planes are seen parked at Jomo Kenyatta International airport in Nairobi during a pilots strike organised by Kenya Airline Pilots Association. FILE/REUTERS Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email Only one Kenya Airways flight was cancelled on Sunday due to technical hitches, the airline has said, dismissing reports of a grimmer situation. A statement on Monday denied reports that more than 24 flights were cancelled and others delayed for more than eight hours over the weekend. Thousands of passengers, including former politician Kenneth Matiba and National Assembly majority leader Aden Duale, were stranded at the JKIA in Nairobi. Read: Flight delays cause travel hell at JKIA, passengers stranded Sources said KQ told passengers of an “imminent delay due to technical reasons”, but the national carrier said hitches were addressed. “Kenya Airways wishes to reassure its passengers that the operational challenges experienced over the weekend, that led to inadvertent delays, have been addressed,” read the statement. The statement said KQ experienced delays on the Mombasa operations for KQ 608/9 and the afternoon Jambojet flights. "Jambojet was experiencing non-availability of two aircraft, which led to significant delays. These flights were fully recovered albeit inconvenience to our flying guests," the airline said. KQ further noted said that one of the airline’s B787 Dreamliners experienced a technical problem in Hanoi, Vietnam, last week. It said this was the first of such an occurrence on the worldwide 787 fleet, and that Boeing's assistant had to be sought. Boeing representatives and the airline's engineering support team looked into the problem but it took long for operations to be restored, the statement said. As part of the recovery of operations from Hanoi, the airline said it experienced some problems with getting its guests re-booked to other flights and carriers. “Our guests on this disrupted flight have or will receive a letter with background information, as well as a reasonable compensation for this disruption," KQ said. "On behalf of the Kenya Airways group, we apologise most sincerely to all our guests whose journeys were disrupted and assure you of our continuing focus on schedule integrity." The troubled airline said it operates 150 flights a day and that the 'On Time Performance' for the week ending Sunday stood at 73 per cent for the entire network and 81 per cent domestically. There had been speculation that the airline's technical department was on a go-slow over poor management. Duale earlier demanded an explanation from managers, saying they needed to face National Assembly's transport committee to explain flight delays. More on this: Duale wants KQ bosses to face transport committee after flight delays Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Poll of the day Must read FactCheck: Has Kiambu County Doubled its Revenue to Sh4.7 billion? Rutto Bomet rally to launch Super Alliance World vasectomy day promotes quick, safe and reversible birth control method Don’t be shaken by men like Miguna, Passaris tells women Hero's welcome awaits Rutto on arrival from South Africa [VIDEO] Outrage after Miguna, Passaris rape talk video on JKL emerges Latest News EACC, Treasury to audit IFMIS for 'loopholes' used to steal taxpayer money Raila Kericho tour pushed due to 'unforeseen circumstances' - ODM Maraga hands over Kisumu appellate court to Justice Musinga Casual labourer dies while retrieving Sh600 'reward' from pit latrine African giant rats to help 'sniff out' wildlife poachers Two dead after Nyamira Express bus rams into private car in Kisii Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting Jobs in Kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Casual Jobs in Nairobi Clerical Jobs in Kenya Customer Service Jobs in Kenya Electrical engineering Jobs in Kenya Human Resource management Jobs in Kenya Receptionist Jobs in Nairobi Insurance salvage cars for sale in Kenya Popular in Latest news 1 See what is inside Sh10 million health container 2 Selection panel shortllists five candidates for IEBC chair 3 Dilemma for ODM as Senator Orengo joins race for Siaya governor 4 7 KCSE candidates, principal nabbed over cheating at Bungoma school Popular in National news 1 Cord claims IEBC, Ruto, Mucheru in secret talks 2 Muthama skips Wiper NEC as the party plays down tiff with Kalonzo 3 Kenya snubs ICC meeting in ‘silent protest’ 4 Kassachoon questioned by the EACC Popular in Business news 1 Our business is sound, Family Bank boss dispels rumours 2 CBK fights court's ruling on Dubai wind up 3 KCB, Toyota partner to support youth with automotive skills 4 Kenya wants more actors to set funds for ending poverty Popular in Sport news 1 Lone Stars hit 2 ‘Ze Maria’ is coach of the month 3 Starlets upbeat ahead of show 4 Rudisha to honour Maasai Olympics in Kajiado next month Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2016 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion Robert Ferris | @RobertoFerris Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 10:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Morgan Brennan reports the latest on possible sabotage of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket that exploded on the launch pad.</p> Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion    Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 10:52 AM ET | 02:46 Rumors of potential sabotage are gathering around the investigation of the explosion during a recent SpaceX launch test. SpaceX has been investigating the early September failure of a Falcon 9 rocket that caught fire and exploded on a Cape Canaveral launch pad just days before it was scheduled to launch. The Washington Post reported on Friday that the inquiry has taken a "bizarre twist," suggesting SpaceX is considering sabotage a possible cause of the explosion. According to the Post, a SpaceX employee sought access to facilities belonging to SpaceX competitor United Launch Alliance — a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. SpaceX investigators came across something suspicious when reviewing video of the failure—"an odd shadow and then a white spot" on the roof of a ULA building, according to the Post. A SpaceX employee seeking access to the building was turned away, but Air Force investigators later dispatched to the facility did not find anything on the roof. SpaceX sent a statement CNBC saying that a "preliminary review of the data and debris suggests a breach in the second stage's helium system" on the Falcon 9, "but the cause of the breach is still unknown." A ULA representative sent a statement to CNBC saying "ULA cooperated with the Air Force's 45th Space Wing, and nothing associated with the SpaceX accident was found." SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has also expressed puzzlement at what might have caused the breach. Earlier this month he tweeted "Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else." Musk Tweet Musk has called this failure the "most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years," and that the explosion happened during a routine filling operation, when there were no engines on and no apparent heat source. Musk tweet 2 Musk heat tweet "The Accident Investigation Team has an obligation to consider all possible causes of the anomaly, and we aren't commenting on any specific potential cause until the investigation is complete," the SpaceX statement noted. The rocket was carrying a satellite for a partnership between Facebook and Eutelsat to provide internet access to Africa. The Amos-6 satellite was owned by Israeli company Spacecom and estimated to be worth around $285 million. Robert FerrisScience Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Facebook Drone Emergent Tech I want to launch thousands of drones, says Facebook's flying Wi-Fi router chief Martin Gomez waxes lyrical on Zuckerberg's future aerial fleet An Aquila drone, as built and operated by Facebook. File pic 3 Oct 2016 at 14:22, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Police, Royal Navy, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles Today is the 211th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar Hack us and you're basically attacking America, says UK defence sec Oh joy. You can now buy a gold plated quadcopter drone “I maintain the Turing Test for us is if the air traffic controller cannot tell he's talking to an unmanned aircraft,” Facebook's chief flying Wi-Fi router drone man, Martin Gomez, told the Royal Aeronautical Society this morning. Speaking about Mark Zuckerberg's Internet.org walled-garden wheeze, Gomez explained to the audience, which had gathered for the RAeS's Drones in Daily Life conference, aeronautical details of Facebook's Aquila drones. Confidently stating that Facebook wants to have “thousands” of solar-powered Aquilas providing internet connectivity across the world, Gomez's audience of professional aviators and regulators was intrigued by his talk. Following an emerging trend in super-light drones – such as the Ministry of Defence's Zephyr drone – the Aquilas are designed to loiter for days or weeks over a designated patrol zone. Instead of providing overt surveillance, however, Zuckerberg's plan is for these to funnel new Internet subscribers into Facebook's Internet.org/Free Basics capture-register-data mine strategy. “Their maximum bank angle is 5°,” he said, highlighting how the drones really cannot be operated in windy or gusty conditions. The 5° bank limit is a practical one, allowing a small margin of error, rather than a never-exceed limit. In addition, Facebook's lightweight drones have, according to Gomez, a typical landing speed of just 20 knots – “bicycle speeds”, as he put it. The Aquila drones typically operate at up to flight level 600, or 60,000ft. Once up at operating altitude, they fly at around 70 knots. For comparison, a Boeing 737 – which has a similar wingspan to the Aquila – typically cruises at around 420 knots, and about 30,000 feet lower. Bringing Facebook to the poor, huddled masses The idea behind them is for Facebook's drone fleet to act as a mesh network for internet connectivity backhaul over areas of the planet with very calm weather systems – in other words, the hot deserts of rural Africa, where penetration of wired infrastructure tends to be minimal anywhere outside of major urban population centres. “Our goal is to be a low cost version of the terrestrial alternatives,” said Gomez. “Once you've installed fibre and protected it against vandalism you're done. We aim to be competitive against that.” It's going to take an awful lot of these aircraft to provide the sort of always-on connectivity we're used to in the West, with our saturation-level coverage of mobile phone masts and wired backhaul. Will the nature of flying mobile phone masts cause problems? “You can't be replacing aircraft every week,” said a bullish Gomez, explaining how Facebook's drone fleet will be specified to keep flying for weeks on end. “We're going to have thousands of aircraft flying, around the world.” Aviation regulators are going to just love this “Regulators have to be convinced this is a safe thing to do,” said Gomez. On the face of it, he has an uphill task: adding thousands of aircraft in one fell swoop to the existing thousands already using the skies is already giving air traffic control agencies the heebie-jeebies. Operating at 60,000ft has the main benefit of putting Facebook's drone fleet well above almost all conventional aircraft operations, other than the odd US spyplane flight. Remote ground control stations, where one operator supervises a number of airborne drones, are part of Facebook's concept of operations, according to Gomez: “Ground control allows us to talk and squawk as if we were a manned aircraft.” Emphasising how the Aquilas “must be able to handle minor system failures” without needing to make an immediate landing, he continued: “I don't think the air traffic controllers of the world want aircaft above them driving around and then saying 'oh I have an emergency, I gotta land now'. Our aircraft must have enough robustness to keep flying until it's safe to land.” As well as the drones required to provide the network, Gomez foresees a future with redundant airborne drones loitering, cab-rank style, ready to be sent to cover for any drone which has to drop out of the formation. Gomez called this system “in-flight spares” in his slide deck, which initially got your correspondent wondering if Facebook was working on a self-maintaining set of airborne drones. “Providing Internet service is what this is about,” he said, higlighting how he wants the Aquila fleet to be as robust as possible. “If we can fly for three months surely you can limp along for another day or two” in the event of a systems failure? “There's no such thing as 'land as soon as practical' in a solar powered aeroplane.” Look, ma – no joysticks! “Our very first flight was completely automatic. No joystick. I don't think there's any place for a joystick in a 21st century drone,” said Gomez. The concept of operations for the Facebook Aquilas is that the operator at the ground control station sets waypoints for the drones, rather than doing Top Gun impressions with each and every one of them. While such a system lowers the training requirement for the operator – who then only needs to understand the principles of separation and deconfliction, rather than possessing the extensive and expensive skillset that manned aircraft pilots need – in situations with a waypoint-based control system, where you need to override the control interface, problems can arise, as the British military found out with one of its Watchkeeper drones in 2014. This may not be such a big a problem for other aviators sharing the skies with Facebook, however. Gomez said that Facebook is looking for “very large” hangars and airfields where they can build ground control stations, as well as places free from “other users for whom we would be a flying obstacle”. This strongly suggests that as well as the drone fleet, Facebook may start building its own airfields around the world. Part of its requirements are that the operating bases are no further away than “a few hundred nautical miles” from the drones' area of operations. All in all, the concept is intriguing and may well be practical in calm, sunny areas of the world. Whether the idea survives contact with reality remains to be seen. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 27 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Assuring application performance at scale Empowering data center operators with an open and programmable network that easily scales to thousands of compute and storage nodes. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Basic income after automation? That’s not how capitalism works Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Iowa City, Johnson County officials express post-election concern, support for citizens Now that the flood is over, catch up on your headlines News you might have missed from Rockwell Collins, University of Iowa, the campaign trail and more Video Photo Sandbags have been painted for Halloween in front of a home on 24th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids on Friday, Sept. 30, 2016. (Rebecca F. Miller/The Gazette) The Gazette Oct 3, 2016 at 6:00 am | Print View CEDAR RAPIDS — Perhaps the sandbags and other barriers blocked your view, but as the Cedar River rose, crested and receded, there was a world of news outside the Cedar Rapids flood evacuation zone. Bullets flew in war zones, a shopping mall and in confrontations between police and civilians. The slings and arrows of political campaigns continued and, perhaps, like the river itself, surged. Baseball pennant races were decided and homecoming parades were marched. So as the tide goes out, here’s what you need to know: Sept. 22 ▪ Even though fewer than 10 percent of a potential 28,787 University of Iowa students completed a survey on sexual violence on campus, 20 percent of female undergraduates reported being raped since enrolling at the Iowa City university. ▪ Retired Prairie Home Companion host Garrison Keillor, who has made his share of Iowa jokes, was in Des Moines mixing homespun humor with political commentary to urge Iowans to support Democrat Patty Judge for U.S. Senate and reject GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. Hitting the campaign trail is rare for him, Keillor said, but he likes to “speak up for Democrats in endangered places ... and I like underdogs.” ▪ In Charlotte, North Carolina, a man was shot and critically injured during a second violent night of protests, after two sharply divergent accounts emerged of the death of a black man at the hands of police. ▪ A march of a few hundred people turned chaotic after protesters attempted to follow police in riot gear into the lobby of an uptown hotel. Officers used tear gas, and then a reporter heard one shot and saw a man lying in the street near the hotel entrance. Sept. 23 ▪ Fundraisers based on setting new Guinness World Records were planned by Friends of Cedar Lake, which needed at least 408 people to set a record for the largest, five-minute Hula-Hoop workout. Iowa Valley Habitat for Humanity needed at least 1,821 people to set the record for fist-bumping. ▪ Warplanes mounted the heaviest airstrikes in months against rebel-held districts in the city of Aleppo as Russia and the Syrian government spurned a U.S. plea to halt flights, burying hope for the revival of a doomed cease fire. A hospital director told Reuters the death toll was 45. Sept. 24 ▪ Iowa State University President Steven Leath, a licensed pilot, reimbursed the university $4,637 for flying one of its planes on four occasions involving a combination of university and personal business. ▪ Later, he wrote a check for $15,000 to cover damages sustained after he encountered a downward draft while landing in Bloomington, Illinois. Leath clipped a runway light in the hard landing. ▪ Two months after refusing to endorse Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said in a Facebook message that although he had “‘areas of significant disagreement” with his party’s nominee, he would vote for Trump because he doesn’t want Hillary Clinton to become president. Sept. 25 ▪ Steve Martin and Martin Short headlined the opening of the University of Iowa’s glittering $176 million performing arts center just uphill from the original Hancher, lost to floods in 2008. More than 20,000 visited the new building this month, from 9,000 who attended two public open houses to 8,000 who came the following weekend for a free outdoor concert, followed by donors and guests who came to a gala dinner and show. ▪ President Barack Obama expressed hope that a new national museum showcasing the triumphs and tragedies of the African American experience helps bring people together. The museum, located on the National Mall, officially opened its doors Sept. 24. It contains 36,000 items that trace the journey of African Americans from slavery in the 1800s to the fight for civil rights in the 20th century. ▪ The Iowa Hawkeyes escaped from New Jersey with a 14-7 win over unranked Rutgers after making a fourth-down stand late in the game to preserve the lead. Sept. 26 ▪ United Nations officials suggested an air raid on a humanitarian convoy outside Aleppo, Syria, that killed 20 could be considered a war crime. However, the incident became a contest of international finger pointing with Russians and Syrians denying involvement and suggesting it might have been the work of a U.S. drone. ▪ The motive for a shooting in a Washington state mall that killed five was unknown, investigators said after arresting a suspect who was described as “zombielike” during the attack. FBI officials said while they had no indication the attack was a “terrorism act,” they could not rule out that possibility. Sept. 27 ▪ Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump launched into a spirited brawl as they met onstage for the first time, each jockeying for a breakout moment in their tightening race during the first debate of the general election campaign. The candidates repeatedly shouted over each other as they argued about their histories, plans and the comments each of them has made during the presidential race. “I have a feeling by the end of this debate I am going to be blamed for everything that ever happened,” Democrat Hillary Clinton said. “Why not?” Trump responded. “Join the debate by saying more crazy things,” Clinton shot back. ▪ Rockwell Collins won a contract to provide touch-screen flight displays on the new Boeing 777X jetliner, the first commercial air transport aircraft to be equipped with that type of flight displays. The displays are expected to make the flight deck more intuitive for pilots and more efficient for flight operations. Boeing has 300 orders and commitments for the 777X, with first deliveries planned for 2020. Sept. 28 ▪ More than 100 people gathered near the 1500 block of Eighth Avenue SE where police said a 13-year-old girl died from a gunshot to the head hours earlier while riding in a car with five others. Family, friends and community members held candles and balloons in remembrance of Ireshia Parks and pleaded with the young people present to stand against gun violence. Police said a 13-year-old male suspect now faces a charge of involuntary manslaughter. ▪ Midwest business conditions improved — slightly — despite weakness among manufacturers linked to agriculture and energy, according to the Creighton University Mid-America Business Conditions Index. The regional index, much as with the national reading, has indicated the manufacturing sector is experiencing anemic to negative business conditions. ▪ A key Iowa lawmaker suggested the state promote health care occupations for young people similar to a focus on STEM — science, technology, engineering and math — to meet the challenges of aging Iowans and the shortfall of trained professionals to take care of them. “Without reaching out to the next generation and showing them that they could have a fulfilling career in providing care, we will face a significant difficulty in meeting the needs of our growing senior population in this state,” Rep. Dave Heaton, R-Mount Pleasant, 75, co-leader of the Legislature’s health and human services budget subcommittee, told delegates to the Older Iowans Legislature. Sept. 29 ▪ A state audit found that a program that paid out $310 million to nearly 1,000 economic development projects from 2003 to 2014, plus an additional $1.4 billion in tax relief, created only 64 percent of the jobs promised. Of the 18,503 projected new jobs at those projects, 11,840 have been realized, according to the report. An additional 396 projects, with 24,757 projected jobs, are still in progress and do not have an accounting of jobs created. ▪ In Council Bluffs, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump accused Democrat Hillary Clinton of being corrupt and attacked her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. He also told about 1,200 people that he rejected the idea that he lost Monday’s debate, saying he won in a ‘landslide.’ About 1,200 people attended the rally. “How many more Clinton scandals can this country take?” he asked about her use of a private email server. Trump said he would lower taxes, reduce regulations, help family farms thrive, negotiate great trade agreements and repeal Obamacare while offering more choice among schools and improving national security and the nation’s borders. ▪ Congress voted Sept. 28 to override President Barack Obama’s veto of legislation that allows relatives of 9/11 victims to sue the government of Saudi Arabia for their deaths. However, family members said they knew that even with the enactment of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, their day in court is distant. Congress is expected to revisit the legislation after the Nov. 8 general election. ▪ Based on thousands of wiretaps, photographs, witness statements and forensic tests during more than two years of inquiries, international prosecutors said Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down in July 2014 by a missile fired from a launcher brought into Ukraine from Russia and located in a village held by pro-Russian rebels. The findings counter Moscow’s suggestion that the passenger plane, en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur in July 2014, was brought down by Ukraine’s military rather than the separatists. Sept. 30 ▪ Campaigning in Des Moines on the first day of early voting, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton predicted she will carry the state. Calling GOP nominee Donald Trump’s approach negative, she told about 2,000 people the nation has to “heal these divides.” “The future of our country, the future of our economy and the future of our society will be on the ballot,” Clinton said. “The election will be close. But we can win Iowa.” ▪ Federal investigators assessed whether equipment failure, an incapacitated operator or other factors could have caused a packed commuter-rail train to crash at Hoboken (New Jersey) Terminal, killing one person and injuring 100 others. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said the crash appeared to be accidental. Officials declined to speculate on a cause, but one thing is clear: The train was traveling far too fast as it entered one of the busiest transportation terminals in the New York area, crashed onto the concrete platform, destroyed the metal canopy over the platform and finally came to a rest when it crashed into the station building. ▪ Congress avoided a government shutdown by approving a continuing resolution to fund the federal government for 10 weeks beyond the end of the federal fiscal year Sept. 30. To make that happen, the House of Representatives and the Senate voted to allocate $1.1 billion in funding to address the Zika crisis, aid those affected by floods in Louisiana and give support to residents of Flint, Michigan, who have struggled with water contamination from lead pipes. ▪ Congress won’t be back in session until Nov. 14, leaving members a month to campaign for their re-elections. Oct. 1 ▪ After leading the $1.9 billion University of Iowa Health Care enterprise through a decade of historic prosperity that included world-renowned medical breakthroughs, soaring patient totals, record revenue and expansion — including a new children’s hospital and biomedical research facility — Jean Robilliard announced he’s stepping down. At almost 73 years old, Robillard, a pediatric nephrologist by training, said he intends to remain on faculty in the UI Stead Family Department of Pediatrics after his successor arrives. ▪ For now, a Decorah couple has the OK to build a home that looks like Kinnick Stadium in an Iowa City neighborhood, though their neighbors indicated they’ll likely take the issue to court. The Iowa City Board of Adjustment, which heard the neighbors’ appeal of the city’s granting the structure a building permit, split 2-2 on the issue Friday night, with one member recusing herself. That means the plan can proceed since three votes were required to overturn the city’s decision. City staff classified the house as a single-family dwelling and issued the building permit. ▪ Police say Christopher Arteberry Jr. is dead following a stabbing incident Sept. 30 in Cedar Rapids about one mile from the campus of Kirkwood Community College. Cedar Rapids Public Safety spokesman Greg Buelow said officers responded to an apartment complex at 6725 College Park Court SW at 2:09 a.m. Emergency medical care was initiated at the scene and Arteberry was taken to Mercy Medical Center in Cedar Rapids, where he was pronounced dead about an hour later, Buelow said. ▪ Former Israeli President Shimon Peres is laid to rest in Israel’s Mount Herzl national cemetery, eulogized by Israeli leaders, family and two American presidents as a founding father who first built up Israel’s military industrial complex and then sought peace with the Palestinians. Peres died Sept. 28 from complications of a stroke. He was 93. Oct. 2 ▪ Russian warplanes and their Syrian government allies battered rebel-held areas in and around Aleppo and rebels and aid workers accused them of destroying one of the city’s main hospitals and killing at least two patients. ▪ Iowa State University President Steven Leath has announced a historic campaign to raise $1.1 billion by June 30, 2020 — the most ambitious fundraising goal in the university’s history. ISU’s campaign, called “Forever True, For Iowa State,” comes just as the University of Iowa’s $1.7 billion capital campaign, called “For Iowa. Forever more,” nears its end. ▪ The Iowa Hawkeyes dropped their homecoming game to Northwestern with the Wildcats prevailing 38-31 at Kinnick Stadium. Your next News articles Watch Live: Iowa Native Peggy Whitson se ... Obama says would support Trump moves to ... Kennedy High students walk out to protes ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits

About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Spain’s Great Match New York To Feature Top Restaurants, New Sponsorships and Big Giveaways Spain’s Great Match New York To Feature Top Restaurants, New Sponsorships and Big Giveaways Posted on October 3, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Lifestyle Extravaganza Celebrates the Distinctive Wines, Food, Design and Culture of Spain New York City, NY (PRWEB) October 03, 2016 The Trade Commission of Spain will host the 23rd annual Spain’s Great Match event on Wednesday, October 5th in New York’s iconic IAC HQ Building. A second event will be held in San Francisco on November 15th. This collaborative extravaganza with the Tourism Office of Spain in New York, Wines from Spain, Foods from Spain and Interiors from Spain, celebrates the distinctive wines, food and culture of Spain. The consumer evening event will display the diversity of Spanish wine and pair the latest vintages with tapas created from New York City’s finest-rated Spanish restaurants. This year’s award-winning restaurants are: Amada, Andanada, Barraca Restaurant, Casa Mono, Donostia, La Fonda del Sol, Salinas Restaurant & Tapas Bar, Socarrat Paella Bar, Tia Pol, and Txikito. In addition, this year’s lifestyle showcase will include Taberna Jerez, a Sherry wine and cocktail lounge that displays Spain’s award-winning interior design industry. When participants use the hashtag #SpainsGreatMatch they will be able to participate and win giveaways that include wine coolers from Fagor and two round-trip tickets to Madrid, Spain from airline sponsor, Air Europa. The media sponsor is Wine Enthusiast Magazine. Other 2016 sponsors include Olives from Spain and Sherry Wines. “Air Europa is honored to provide two lucky guests the chance to fly round-trip to Madrid. As a proud partner with Wines from Spain, Air Europa is excited to bring a taste of Spain to the United States with its brand new aircraft, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner,” says Pablo Sanchez, Air Europa’s Vice President of Sales and Marketing, USA and Puerto Rico. In September 2016, Air Europa became a member of SkyTeam, a 20-airline network that provides access to an extensive global network with 1,052 destinations, plus more frequencies and connectivity than ever before. During the daytime Spain’s Great Match, over 300 wines representing the varietals and wine regions of Spain will be featured in a walk-around tasting format. Importers and distributors of Spanish wines will present their best products, including new wines and the latest vintages, to wine industry professionals. SPAIN’S GREAT MATCH: SCHEDULE Wednesday, October 5, 2016 Trade (exclusively for the wine trade & media) 11:30 – 12:30 pm The Sommelier's Guide to Spain: Spanish Wine on Your List (Tent), sommelier panel moderated by wine educator Steve Olson 12:00 – 4:00 pm Walk-Around Tasting 1:00 – 1:45 pm     "Why Spain is Hot” (9th Floor) presented by Wine Enthusiast Editors: Michael Schachner, Lana Bortolot, Susan Kostrzewa 2:00 – 3:00 pm     Today's Sherry Revolution: ‘Only’ 3,000 Years of Evolution (Tent), by César Saldaña, General Director, Jerez Control Board 3:00 – 3:45 pm     Unveiling the Mystery of Bierzo (9th Floor), by wine educator Steve Olson Public Ticketed Event 5:30 – 6:30 pm Premium Tickets and pre-event tasting 6:30 – 9:00 pm Open tasting for General Admission ticket holders Information on the second Spain’s Great Match 2016, which will be held in San Francisco, California on November 15, will follow shortly. To register for the Spain's Great Match trade event, please visit https://spainsgreatmatchnyc.eventbrite.com. To purchase tickets for the consumer event, please visit https://spainsgreatmatchnycpublic.eventbrite.com. About Wines from Spain: The Spanish Institute for Foreign Trade (Instituto Español de Comercio Exterior, ICEX) is the authorized governmental platform for the promotion of Spanish exports and Spanish companies' international growth. Vinos de España – or Wines from Spain – is ICEX's brand for a wide range of promotional activities designed to inform trade and consumers abroad about quality Spanish wines. Wines from Spain has been promoting Spanish wines in walk-around tastings to press, trade and consumers in New York and the United States for nearly 30 years. Each year, Wines from Spain hosts “Spain’s Great Match”- an opportunity to sample and learn about a variety of the world’s most sought-after Spanish wines paired with tapas from the top rated area Spanish restaurants. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13731330.htm Latest News FlightStats Becomes Official Source Of American Airlines Data Beverly Hills Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Paul Nassif, is Now Offering Eyelid Surgeries Using the Latest Techniques UNCF Raises Funds for the Next Generation of Leaders at the Indianapolis Masked Ball This Thanksgiving, Eat Out or Order In and Help Fight World Hunger with Stop Hunger Now Woolpert Contracted to Rehabilitate and Protect Covered Bridges Nurse Mates Launches Align™ Corrective Lifestyle Footwear Collection HAI Group Acquires InspectUS Housing Inspection Software Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Beaumont Solar Expands and Opens New Office in Providence, Rhode Island to Service Local Customers and Meet Growing Solar Demand © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading BOC Aviation to buy five planes from Air China in lease-back deal  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Air China Air China BOC Aviation to buy five planes from Air China in lease-back deal PUBLISHED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 6:43pm UPDATED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 9:48pm Comments:   Celia Chen Share PrintEmail Related topics Air China Related Articles Companies Air China posts 60pc rise in Q3 profit, bolstered by falling operating and finance costs 28 Oct 2016 Insight & Opinion Air China has no excuse for prejudice in London travel guide 15 Sep 2016 China Air China is blasted for ‘racist’ article about London that warned of ‘Indians, Pakistanis and black people’ 8 Sep 2016 Aircraft lessor BOC Aviation said on Monday it would purchase five new planes from Air China worth US$1.532 billion at list price and would lease them back to the carrier. Asia’s largest aircraft lessor said the new planes encompass three Boeing B777-300ERs and two Airbus A330-300s. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery before year end. “We are pleased to support Air China in its fleet growth and expansion plans in this transaction, which adds popular, in-demand aircraft on long-term leases to our portfolio,” said Robert Martin, chief executive officer of BOC Aviation. “This transaction also represents incremental capital expenditure in 2016, and we continue to focus on disciplined investing to grow our fleet in line with our current strategy.” Victor Au, chief operating officer at Delta Asia Financial said it is common for carriers to sell their planes and then lease them back in order to cut their debt ratios. “The strong US dollar will increase financial pressure on these Chinese carriers as they usually issued dollar bonds to buy news planes,” said Au. “These carriers may tend to sell the planes and rent them back to release their debt pressure.” BOC Aviation, with the support of its ultimate parent Bank of China, likely has the necessary cash and the ambition to expand its fleet, Au said, noting that the airline group raised US$1.1 billion from its Hong Kong listing in June. Tony Li, an analyst at China Galaxy International said in a recent report that BOC Aviation has the ability to gain “very low cost of funds independent of Bank of China, as the lessor has maintained a good credit rating and relationships with banks and investors across the globe.” It is able to secure funding as low as 2 per cent in 2015, significantly lower than that of its peers. “With the proceeds from its IPO, we believe the net addition will be higher in 2016 and 2017,” Li said in the report. “And we estimate about 30 to 40 aircraft per year.” BOC Aviation has a fleet of 483 aircraft owned, managed or on order and its fleet was leased to 64 airlines worldwide in 31 countries as of the end of June. BOC Aviation’s shares closed 0.25 per cent higher at HK$40 on Monday. The share is down 4.76 per from its offer price of $42. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: BOC Aviation to buy five aircraft from Air China   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why Hong Kong’s blind pursuit of technology listings is dangerous 2 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 3 Trump’s victory triggers a bout of schizophrenia in markets 4 Hong Kong stocks retreat on falling oil prices, ahead of Fed chair testimony 5 Tencent’s Joox music streaming service proves a hit across Asia Shared 1 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 2 Hong Kong stocks retreat on falling oil prices, ahead of Fed chair testimony 3 Why Hong Kong’s blind pursuit of technology listings is dangerous 4 China’s plan for the Arctic – and a shipping centre to rival Singapore 5 Trump’s victory triggers a bout of schizophrenia in markets Commented 1 Thank goodness for Taipei’s National Palace Museum 2 Cheryl Tan on her novel Sarong Party Girls, Singlish and young women in Asia 3 ‘Did you hear it wrong?’ Donnie Yen on that HUGE spoiler about Rogue One character 4 Female infanticide: the dark side of China’s obsession with luck 5 How Hong Kong ex-journalist mined true crime for detective fiction Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China The day Donald Trump took on the Chinese government – and lost 15 Nov 2016 - 12:20am 15 Go Asia - Vietnam 11 Nov 2016 - 4:24pm Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 China Death of China’s first female J-10 fighter pilot Yu Xu sparks call for more training 14 Nov 2016 - 12:15am 21 Politics One year on in Myanmar, is Suu Kyi’s halo slipping? 12 Nov 2016 - 12:00pm 3 China Pacific Rim nations urged to revise TPP without US before Trump cuts trade ties 12 Nov 2016 - 12:29am 15 Society Why China’s rise means Hong Kong stars like Jackie Chan will be the last of their kind 13 Nov 2016 - 7:23pm 14 Hong Kong Despite fears, new air traffic control system to be launched at Hong Kong airport on Monday 11 Nov 2016 - 11:26pm 3 Hong Kong Did CY Leung mess up his own oath? Legal challenge over Hong Kong leader’s 2012 swearing in 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 79 Hong Kong Beijing should not be totally hands-off on Hong Kong, former leader Tung Chee-hwa says 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 25 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Monarch set to buy 15 new Boeing aeroplanes after major investment from shareholders By Daily Mail City & Finance Reporter Published: 05:08 EST, 3 October 2016 | Updated: 06:07 EST, 3 October 2016 e-mail 9 shares View comments Monarch Airlines is close to revealing a giant order for new Boeing aeroplanes after a major investment from shareholders, according to reports. An extra 15 aircraft, added to the 30 it already ordered in 2014, would put the airline on a secure footing for the foreseeable future. It comes after the airline said on Friday it was about to announce the largest investment in its 48-year history after being forced to deny speculation it was on the verge of going bust. Planes: An extra 15 aircraft would put the airline on a secure footing for the foreseeable future The Luton-based firm, which flies more than 6million passengers every year, was granted a last-minute extension in its battle to renew a crucial licence to fly package holidaymakers. The Civil Aviation Authority, which grants the licences, was understood to be concerned about the state of Monarch’s finances. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Monarch Airlines is confident it will secure fresh financing... Holiday protection: How to get your cash back if an airline... Crunch talks to keep Monarch flying go right to the brink as... Monarch Airlines must renew ATOL licence this week or it... Share this article Share Friday’s agreement was reached after owners, including private equity firm Greybull Capital, pumped millions of pounds into the company.  Monarch ordered 30 of the Boeing 737 aircraft in 2014 after Greybull injected £125million, the first of which is set to be delivered in 2018. It had options on another 15 aircraft. Monarch declined to comment on the reports.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares First of legendary Jaguar XKSS's is reborn after six decades... How much would you cough up for coffee? Cheapest and most... If you hit an elk in Finland it's illegal not to tell the... Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live:... Who is 'wealthy' in the UK? Middle-aged married men with a... Stationery seller Staples is latest retail chain to vanish... This is Money named Financial Website of the Year, as judges... Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that... Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9... Former market traders who started out flogging cut-price... SIMON LAMBERT: Will President Trump mean interest rates... DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?         Like This Is Money Follow @thisismoney     DON'T MISS This is Money named Financial Website of the Year Judges at the highly-regarded Santander Media Awards praise the 'consumer champion'. Oxford, Cambridge and Richmond-upon-Thames are the most 'vibrant' towns, research claims Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live. Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that claims to be as easy and fun as Lego His firm Kano is set to be UK's next tech star. Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss Rowan Gormley says he will try to protect customers. Ten top tips to get more from your spending: How to save money and get rewarded Sponsored The top 10 places in Britain where house hunters would most like to live with prices starting at £170,000 (and London doesn't feature) Will President Trump mean interest rates finally rise? The Trumpflation trade believes so... SIMON LAMBERT. Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9 per month and ramps up interest charges Banks could be ordered to clamp down on buy-to-let mortgages under sweeping new powers being handed to regulators Cheapest and most expensive cities in the world to get your caffeine fix revealed How much would you cough up for coffee? Why do so many people avoid thinking about their pension? How to get help taking that next step Sponsored National Savings & Investments now top for income and cash Isas Banks and building societies slash rates. Call to rescue young buyers as homes for sale fall to 40-year low Brexit, stamp duty and buy-to-let tax hike leave just 44 properties on average estate agent's books . Thomson won't give back the £438 I lost when its website crashed as I was booking a holiday ASK TONY. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Chapel Down shares mature well as wine production doubles MIDAS SHARE TIPS: US deal poised to give household insurance firm HomeServe a flood of clients MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Profits at convenience store McColl's to soar once Co-op sale is approved MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Lightbulb moment helps newly-listed Luceco shine MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Play safe and take some profit after palm oil firm MP Evans rejects £360m bid MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Bar group serves up a mean cocktail but City wants a Revolution MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Canny property veterans watch income soar by 57% at Palace Capital MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Why cutting edge Spire Healthcare deserves a 'buy' treatment MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: After a year of paper losses, shares in gas group CNR now show a 28% gain         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years CHARTERIS GOLD & PRECIOUS METALS: Fund delivers a 12-month return of 179% as gold prices rise THREADNEEDLE UK PROPERTY: Fund re-opens after post-Brexit alarm subsides HERMES GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS: Growth before location, that's the drill for emerging markets JUPITER ABSOLUTE RETURN: If a firm's in the soup we'll short it, says boss James Clunie MONKS INVESTMENT TRUST: 'I'm disappointed' says fund boss who made 29% profit in a year AURORA INVESTMENT TRUST: Will Aurora see a brighter dawn as Mars is left behind? INTERNATIONAL BIOTECHNOLOGY TRUST: Doctor, analyst... and grand master at the biotech 'slow game of chess' EDINBURGH DRAGON TRUST: Investment trust roars back with 40% gain in six months         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Ferrari and McLaren you must buy as a pair   Clampdown on rip-off pension exit fees   Amazon: Watch the Grand Tour for less   Fix your mortgage NOW? Brokers sound alarm   Why you should invest in Europe   What will President Trump mean for your finances? Latest from Markets SMALL CAP MOVERS: High-tech investor Robert Keith takes a strong interest in Blur Group FTSE LIVE: Footsie stays weak as miners fall with commodity prices on dollar lift from rate hike hope Fuller's pub and hotel profits grow but beer and cider sales slump Jimmy Choo sees revenues grow as sales are boosted by tourists taking advantage of the weaker pound Nationwide profits slip 13% as low interest rate environment grips UK's biggest building society HS2 tracks WILL be made with British steel: Relief for 4,000 workers after boost from Transport Secretary Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest retailer to disappear from the High Street MARKET REPORT: Jet2 shares soar by 8% as it carries 2.5m passengers and records a 36% increase in package holiday customers Sacked Rio Tinto mining boss to take legal action over alleged £8.4m bung to a middleman in west Africa MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Etihad Airways extends reach in Africa through new codeshare agreement with kulula.com. 03 October, 2016 03 October 2016 Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, continues to build its presence in Africa through a new codeshare agreement with kulula, South Africa’s award-winning low cost carrier. The codeshare deal offers Etihad Airways customers flight options to a number of key cities in South Africa that include Cape Town, Durban, George and East London via Johannesburg. Etihad Airways will place its EY code on kulula’s scheduled flights between Johannesburg and these popular coastal cities. This agreement allows guests access to through-check-in and baggage transfer to their final destination. The new codeshare services will go on sale from 3 October 2016, with travel from the start of the Northern Winter schedule on 30 October. Advertisement The agreement with kulula strengthens Etihad Airways’ commitment to Africa and brings the total number of destinationsthat it serves across the continent to 23 through its existing codeshare partnerships with Kenya Airways, Royal Air Maroc, and strategic equity partner Air Seychelles. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said: “kulula is an innovative and award-winning airline and this new codeshare agreement demonstrates Etihad Airways’ growing ambitions to strengthen our operations across Africa. Through the agreement, kulula will give inbound passengers direct access from Johannesburg to four key destinations along South Africa’s renowned coastline, and I am certain the extended reach offered through this partnership will appeal to business and leisure travellers alike.” Erik Venter, Chief Executive Officer of kulula’s parent company, Comair, said: “We are delighted to be adding Etihad Airways to our growing list of strategic airline partnerships and are excited about exploring additional opportunities to expand on the relationship. We look forward to welcoming Etihad Airways’ customers on board our flights.” Etihad Airways currently operates scheduled services to 10 destinations in Africa, namely Johannesburg, Nairobi, Entebbe, Dar es Salaam, Khartoum, Casablanca, Rabat, Lagos, Cairo and Mahé in the Seychelles. -Ends-  About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising four business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, 117 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of 123 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com            About kulula.com kulula.com is a privately-owned low-fare airline, operated by Comair Limited. This adventurous brand, which celebrates its 15-year anniversary in 2016 has, since inception, revolutionised air travel in South Africa by making flying much easier and more affordable for customers. kulula.com is IOSA (IATA Operational Safety Audit) compliant and maintains the highest standard of safety at all times. In January 2016, for the second year running, kulula.com was rated as the top South African low cost carrier, in the SA Customer Satisfaction Index (SAcsi) on the industry. In December 2015, the airline was also internationally recognised for a second consecutive year, by AirlineRatings.com, as the Best Low Cost Airline in Africa and the Middle East. kulula received the highly coveted title of ‘Best African Low-cost Airline’ in the 2015 & 2016 Business Traveller Africa Awards and was also voted as South Africa’s top airline for business travellers in the 2015 Sunday Times Top Brands survey, and the Best Low-Cost Airline in Africa in the 2016 Skytrax World Airline Awards. kulula.com has completed its Boeing 737-800 (189 seats) fleet upgrade plan and now operates more than 412 flights a week across 14 domestic routes. kulula has entered into codeshare agreements with Kenya Airways and Air France to provide more choice for customers. In 2015, kulula signed interline agreements with Virgin Atlantic (VS) and Hahn Air, making it easier for other markets to book flights in SA. kulula.com offers more than just flights. They offer holidays, hotels and car rentals too. It’s the one-stop place for anyone looking for affordable travel options in and around South Africa, making it possible to go places, whenever, wherever, however. For more information about kulula and its various offerings, including how to become a fan, affordable holiday packages, the kulula mobi site and online check-in service, visit www.kulula.com. Become a kulula fan at iflykulula on Facebook or follow us on @kulula on twitter (http://twitter.com/kulula) For more background information on kulula, view our brand video.  For more information, please contact: Damian James Etihad Airways Corporate Communications Email: djames@etihad.ae Landline: + 9712 511 1035 William Smook Meropa Comunications +27 21 683 6464 +27 83 357 2837 williams@meropa.co.za © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Novus Aviation Capital closes purchase and leaseback transaction with Emirates Airline for an additional Boeing B777-300ER 03 October, 2016 03 October 2016 Dubai, UAE – Novus Aviation Capital has successfully closed the purchase and leaseback for one additional brand new Boeing B777-300ER with Emirates Airline (msn 42337). The aircraft was delivered to Emirates on September 23, 2016 and will be on a long-term lease. This would be the fourth B777-300ER transaction completed by Novus with Emirates this calendar year. This would also be Emirates’ 122nd B777-300ER. “Emirates continues to be an important customer for Novus, and this fourth additional B777 acquisition this year, is a testimony of our continued support to the airline,” said Hani Kuzbari, Managing Director at Novus. “With the uninterrupted growth plans of Emirates, we will always look at innovative and competitive leasing and financing solutions that will benefit the airline,” he added. Nirmal Govindadas, Senior Vice-President Corporate Treasury for Emirates, said: “Our financial strength and solid track record continue to enable us to secure funding in the global market to invest in new aircraft and expand our wide-body portfolio. We are pleased to finalize this transaction, and we will continue to look for innovative financing opportunities to support our growing fleet.” Novus has so far completed sale and leaseback and financing transactions worth close to USD 1 billion this year on both single and twin-aisle aircraft operated by airlines in the Middle East, Asia and the Americas. Advertisement -Ends- About Novus Aviation Capital: Novus is an independent, privately-held aircraft leasing platform, focused on investing in commercial aircraft assets. Established over 22 years ago, the Novus team operates out of its five global offices in the Middle East, Europe and Asia. The company currently co-owns and manages aircraft-related projects worth about USD 3 billion. For more information, please visit: www.novus.aero © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Like father, like daughter: Leaving a business that carries on after an owner is gone The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Sue Evans, 65, recently sold part of her company to new investors so that the company will survive her. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) By Thomas Heath Reporter October 2 Follow @addedvalueth I turned 61 a few days ago and not surprisingly started thinking about my mortality — even more than I had been. Who doesn’t, at our age? Those thoughts included a sobering conversation I had with a financial bigwig a few years back. “Most people are forgotten once they die,” he said. Not true of everyone. Read a great book, turn on a light, get a vaccine, enjoy your freedom — you can attach a name to every one of those gifts. More than one name. When I think of legacies, I think of business people. Many entrepreneurs I encounter are proud of the company they built — whether its five employees or 50. They want it to live on. Sue Evans, 65, runs a 50-employee Falls Church consulting firm, Evans Inc., which grosses $12 million and, in a good year, delivers about 10 percent of that to the bottom line. Her bottom line. Evans lives in Arlington with her husband and recently sold 25 percent of the firm in hopes that it will live on after she chooses to retire. “Not everybody understands what it means to be an owner,” said the driven chief executive with a PhD. “What we built in terms of the operating impact we had on businesses was something worth preserving. I did not want it to get absorbed into some other company.” Evans is sort of a corporate doctor, trying to break down walls in companies that resist change. Her impressive client list over the years includes names like Hitt Construction, the Baltimore Sun, Grant Thornton, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Ford Motor Co., General Motors, Freddie Mac and Weyerhaeuser. When the Federal Aviation Administration couldn’t get 20 managers to agree on a new computer system, they called Evans. One Ford project back in the 1990s involved getting a union to agree to give up pencil and paper for automation. It did. She calls it “real operational impact.” I call it getting people to talk. As one client put it to her: “I don’t need any more pointy headed engineers. I need people who can make the pointy headed engineers talk to each other.” An owner’s pride in their company is what drives many people to success. Billionaire Warren Buffett appeals to a creator’s ego when he tells a business owner that the company will live on and the owner can run it if they just sell to Buffett. Evans understands this too, going back to when she worked summers in the office of her father’s Milwaukee heating company, called Gross Heating. (He had bought the firm from the previous owner, Mr. Gross.) Her father’s personal touch, which she tries to distill with her clients, still resonates. A few of Evans’s anchor clients have been with her since she started. Ford has been a client for 22 years. She has worked with the International Monetary Fund for 18 years and the FAA for nine. The oldest of four siblings, Evans has been overachieving since grammar school. Those gritty disappointments as a child toughened her, such as when she had to settle for a meaningless title as class secretary after losing her bid for class president. “That instance motivated me,” she said. She went on to be home-room president and editor of the newspaper at the all-girls high school she attended. “I embraced the opportunities for different challenges,” she said. “I got it from both of my parents. They had high expectations. They gave us all long leashes, but they had expectations. If you screwed up, you had to rectify it next time around.” These kinds of people build businesses. She worked as a checkout person in a Herb Kohl grocery store between her college years at the University of Dayton, where the math whiz majored in computer science. Kohl interviewed her personally, firing off math problems to her and three other applicants to learn who could answer the problem most quickly. Those were the pre-scanner days when you had to know what to charge if three peaches were 52 cents and the customer was buying one. Or two. She worked at nearby Wright-Patterson Air Force Base after college. “I built software that would help aircraft cockpit engineers design layouts so that pilots would not lose their kneecaps when ejecting,” she said. It involved measuring the human body’s proportions against its surroundings, a science known as anthropometry, which would be a defining characteristic of Evans’s career. When she earned her PhD in engineering from the University of Michigan, Evans’s area of study was designing workstations to help employees be efficient and healthy. Ergonomics. She and her husband moved to Arlington, where he taught college and she worked with the Defense Department. Ford approached her about a project involving workplace safety and efficiency. She quit her job and launched Evans Inc. from her kitchen table. More than 20 years on, Evans Inc. has a nearly 90 percent employee retention rate. If you find a new hire for Evans, you get a $3,000 check. It helps that the company provides health care and a 401(k) match. The owner takes a salary and earns a distribution on the profit, which usually runs about 10 percent. Some of her company’s mission has a touchy-feely aspect to it. “It’s left brain, right brain,” she said. “Business owners want to know about numbers and analyze the process. Left brain. But to implement that, you need to have a right-brain side to engage people and get them to accept the change.” She uses personality tests and behavior assessments designed to test tolerances for change and conflict. “It comes down to getting people to talk to one another and listen to each other. Sometimes, it’s going out after the meeting and drinking with them. Other times, it’s bringing in social workers to talk with people in a way so they realize they are not that different from one another.” She was headed last Thursday back to Milwaukee, where she was to receive her high school’s Alumna of the Year award, honoring her achievements. Evans wrote me a note before she got on the plane, explaining in greater detail why she wanted her business to last. “One thing I remember about my father and his customers is he would remember their names and they were customers for life,” she said. “He would visit them in hospitals, attend their funerals, and remain connected on levels that are uncommon today. “I remember that when I worked in the office of Gross Heating between my junior and senior years of college and dealt with customers, the customer cards showed interactions that went back decades. He kept customers for life, or at least decades.” And you know what? His son, Evans’s brother, bought the business and still owns it. Guess her dad made an impression. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Thomas Heath is a local business reporter and columnist, writing about entrepreneurs and various companies big and small in the Washington Metropolitan area. Previously, he wrote about the business of sports for The Post’s sports section for most of a decade. Follow @addedvalueth Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 2 Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to. 3 In Twin Falls, Idaho, co-dependency of whites and immigrants faces a test 4 Larry Summers: ‘Political correctness’ has become a codeword for hate 5 With Treasury candidate come possible conflicts Market Watch DJIA -0.17% NASDAQ -0.21% Get quote Last Update: 10:50 AM 11/18/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Outdoors Life Opinion Entertainment Business Watchdog Photo-Video Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Outdoors Life Opinion Entertainment Business Watchdog Photo-Video Archives Insider USA TODAY Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 319 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest CNC opens opportunities for Scherping CNC skills have led Al Scherping to produce parts for companies like Boeing and Raytheon Post to Facebook CNC opens opportunities for Scherping CNC skills have led Al Scherping to produce parts for companies like Boeing and Raytheon  Check out this story on sctimes.com: http://www.sctimes.com/story/news/local/spark/2016/10/02/cnc-opens-opportunities-scherping/86948346/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs CNC opens opportunities for Scherping Vicki Ikeogu , vikeogu@stcloudtimes.com 1:02 p.m. CDT October 2, 2016 Buy Photo Al Scherping, owner of CNC COPS LLC, Becker, talks Tuesday, July 26, 2016, about the challenges of learning computer numeric control machinist work. While school prepares students for the real world, he's learned many of his skills on the job, he said. (Photo: Kimm Anderson, kanderson@stcloudtimes.com)Buy Photo 319 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE BECKER — Even after almost 30 years in the business, Al Scherping admits he is still learning how to perfect his craft. "I've been doing computer numerical control for almost 27 years," Scherping, 46, said. "You never stop learning. People have asked me how long (would it take) before they know what I know. And I say never. Because I'm always learning stuff." Sherping owns CNC COPS LLC, a consulting, operating, programming and support company. He has traveled the world helping clients set up machines to produce various parts. "I flew over to China for eight days to do demos and training over there," Scherping said. "I did go down to Barbados for work. I've made parts for Boeing and Raytheon. I've seen a lot of neat stuff." It's a career that the former farm kid from Swanville always wanted. Buy Photo Al Scherping, owner of CNC COPS LLC, shows some of the wooden items produced using his computer numeric control router on Tuesday, July 26, 2016, in Becker. These were items made for the Boy Scouts. Scherping says his machinist background has taken him to multiple countries where he's seen a great variety of work.  (Photo: Kimm Anderson, kanderson@stcloudtimes.com) After graduating from Central Lakes College in Staples, Scherping spent time at a CNC company in the Twin Cities before relocating to Central Minnesota to work for Komo Machine. Scherping started his business in 2009, shortly after Komo Machine relocated its manufacturing facilities overseas. "Old customers started calling me so I was just like, well, maybe this is what I'm supposed to be doing. And that's when I started CNC COPS," he said. In addition, the father of eight has also started an embroidery shop, Majestic Creations, with his wife Bobbi. CNC work has kept Scherping busy. And demand for his CNC repair background and skills have been a major source of income for his family. Question: What does a CNC machinist do? Answer: A CNC machine is a computer numerical control machine. So the machine is basically set up with numbers and bits and you plug in the numbers to make parts. Q: What would you typically use a CNC machine for? A: I have three different models. I have a (CNC) mill and two CNC routers. The mill would be for steel, aluminium, ferrous and non-ferrous metals. And then my two routers, one of them I use for nonferrous metals and the other one I keep for plastics, woods and materials like that. Cabinet shops would use them. A lot of cabinet shops use CNC routers. There is software, where you can draw out the whole kitchen, lay it all out and it will produce a cut sheet for you. You take that and you give it to the operator and the operator would produce the parts for it. Q: So CNC isn't just for metal? A: It's for any computerized piece of equipment. Q: Was it difficult to find a job after you graduated from Central Lakes College? A: No. There were shops all over. Actually, I left school early. They had a program where you could leave early (and work for a company). The company would actually grade you. So that was part of finishing your course and getting your diploma. And at Komo, I was a supervisor part of the time up there too. So I would get the kids maybe in high school or going to a technical college that would come in for a few hours a day and I had to give them jobs to do. Running machine or whatever. Show them what to do. Q: Is there good money to be made if you are a CNC machinist? A: Yes. There is good money to be made. If you're good. And of course it's going to depend on where you're at in the state or in the country. Q: Are you seeing a big demand right now for CNC machinists? A: A lot of businesses can't find qualified people or even find people that want to do it. If you can give me somebody who wants to learn, I can teach them. But they've got to have the drive to want to learn. Q: What is the most challenging part of your job? A: The funny thing is when I was going to technical college, the second year they offered mold making, tool and die and CNC. Each trimester was something different. When I got to CNC it was not clicking. I didn't want anything to do with it. I just wanted manual machines. Now (for me) the machines are simple. A lot of the challenge is working with the different people, their attitudes and personality. Q: What advice would you give to kids that are interested in doing CNC machining? A: Have an open mind. But that goes with anything. They've got to enjoy this stuff. Follow Vicki Ikeogu on Twitter @VickiSCTimes or on Facebook at facebook.com/sctimesvicki. Call her at 259-3662. For more on CNC programming and machining or other Spark-related content, visit sctimes.com/spark. 319 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.sctimes.com/story/news/local/spark/2016/10/02/cnc-opens-opportunities-scherping/86948346/ TOP VIDEOS COP House 1:14 Cloud-A-Scope Tattoo and Art Convention 1:10 Lincoln state rededication 1:40 Automation is big at UMC 0:42 Automation is big at UMC - DONT USE 0:42 Sparking a passion for robotics 0:41 Clay pot and coin making 3:14 Heave ho! New Flyer bus pull 1:23 How to speak beer, episode two. What does \u0022hoppy\u0022 mean? 1:44 Kids and Parents Expo 0:47


null
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS WATCH LIVE: OEMC discusses winter-weather preparations... shortly Full Story Email I-TEAM Chicago's least wanted suspect? Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1537756" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A story that first read like James Bond is turning out more like Mission Impossible. (WLS) An ABC7 I-Team Investigation WLS By Chuck Goudie Tuesday, October 04, 2016 CHICAGO (WLS) -- A story that first read like James Bond is turning out more like Mission Impossible. The federal bribery case against Dmytro Firtash hasn't moved forward since the day he was arrested in Europe two-and-a-half years ago. It seems as though Dmytro Firtash is Chicago's least wanted criminal suspect. One year and one day have passed since any legal papers have been filed here in Chicago. American officials claim to be working for the billionaire's extradition to Chicago, while the man known as an oligarch in his home nation of Ukraine is essentially in forced exile in Austria on $174 million bail. "The accusations levelled against me in the recent public statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice are completely absurd and unfounded. I am sure that all of these false allegations will be dismissed," Firtash said. On videos from his company and Ukrainian television Dmytro Firtash has denied doing anything wrong. In June 2013, Mr. Firtash and five others were charged in sealed indictments in Chicago with paying $18.5 million in bribes to Indian officials so they could mine titanium and then sell it to Boeing Corporation for use in building the 787 Dreamliner passenger jet. Firtash - the alleged leader of the scheme - faces up to 50 years in prison and confiscation of his huge personal wealth. He has been button-holed in Austria since April 2014, when the indictments were unsealed in Chicago and U.S. authorities began extradition proceedings. He contends the prosecution is politically-motivated by U.S. interests in a democratic, non-Russian Ukraine. The Ukrainian industrial magnate is awaiting another court hearing in Vienna, "after a first ruling in April 2015 determined the the U.S. extradition request to be politically motivated and thus rejected it," Firtash spokesman Daniel Kapp said. "A date for the second hearing is yet to be determined," Kapp told the I-Team on Tuesday morning. In August, Austria's Constitutional Court refused to consider Firtash's request to rule the extradition agreement between Austria and the U.S. unconstitutional. That means the court of appeals may consider the prosecutor's appeal of a lower court decision to block Firtash's extradition to the United States. Firtash has political and business connections to both Russian President Vladimir Putin and to former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. An unrelated lawsuit filed in New York in 2011 actually names both Firtash and Manafort as defendants in a complaint filed by a former Ukrainian prime minister. The suit concerns an $895 million New York real estate deal that Manafort and his business partners, including Firtash, were a part of. After Firtash's arrest in Vienna, U.S. authorities insisted the case against the businessman had nothing to do with rising tensions then in Ukraine. For more information: Lawsuit against Dmytro Firtash and Paul Manafort Related Topics: newsI-Teamu.s. & worldboeing Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. I-TEAM Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Lawsuit claims police trade freedom for firearms Alleged shoddy home construction investigated nationwide City on pace for record year in gun seizures Contracts prevent new homeowners from suing over alleged shoddy construction More I-Team NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Meet the team Donald Trump has named for his administration Trump Taps Retired Lt. General for National Security Adviser Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position More News Top Stories Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Kanye angers concert fans with rant about race and Trump Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Forte helps hand out free turkeys to South Side families CTA adds 'Elves' Workshop Train' to holiday fleet Show More Javy Baez, Aroldis Chapman present at Latin Grammys Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general Lawsuit claims police trade freedom for firearms Mother upset daughter bailed out of Cook County Jail More News Top Video Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
18/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X Business 18/11/2016 Dollar muscles ahead, strongest since 2003 against basket of currencies Point of view "With lasting policy uncertainty and potential protectionism, there are probably enough ingredients to consider the risk of massive new dollar appreciation" Olivier Korber Societe Generale currency strategist Business 18/11/2016 Volkswagen slashes 30,000 jobs to save billions Point of view "We are strongly building up the areas of electromobility, networking and autonomous driving" Herbert Diess Head of Volkswagen brand World news 18/11/2016 Polls cast doubt on Matteo Renzi's political future ahead of Italian vote Tweet World news 18/11/2016 British teen cryogenically frozen after ruling in landmark case Point of view "I'm 14-years-old and I don't want to die" JS British teen in cryonics case World news 18/11/2016 Unity at Marrakesh in face of Trump climate change threat Point of view "We all see the writing on the wall that climate change is real, we need to act" Tina Johnson US Climate Network World news 18/11/2016 Japanese PM Abe believes Trump 'can be trusted' Point of view "I am convinced that Mr Trump is a leader who can be trusted" Shinzo Abe Japanese Prime Minister World news 17/11/2016 Merkel: EU-US trade deal 'cannot be concluded now' Tweet World news 17/11/2016 3 astronauts, 32 fish and a hippo en route to the ISS Point of view "We are taking food made by a top chef with us" Thomas Pesquet French astronaut BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Now Reading: Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" world news 29/09/2016 Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Today's Top Stories world news 11/18/2016 Transatlantic relationship is a priority - EU leaders world news 11/18/2016 French conservative presidential candidates hold final TV debate world news 11/18/2016 Why was Ivanka Trump present during Trump's first international summit? Advertisement Aa Aa Related Stories world news 09/28/2016 Dutch investigation into MH17 crash 'biased and politically-motivated' says... world news 09/28/2016 MH17: Timeline of a disaster world news 09/28/2016 MH17 shot down by Russian Buk missile - investigators Flashback: one year ago world news 11/18/2015 ISIL claims its killed two hostages as it gives more detail on Russian plane... world news 11/18/2015 A new, uneasy alliance takes shape to fight Daesh in Syria world news 11/18/2015 Belgium questioned 'terror brothers' before Paris attacks - but didn't tell... Business Line 11/18/2015 Business Line: the economic impact and role of technology in the Paris attacks world news 11/18/2015 Security services under scrutiny after Paris attacks Editor's choice world news 11/18/2016 Life & Death: what the stats say about you world news 11/17/2016 World leaders - what are their wage packets? world news 11/17/2016 Bull set on fire during Spanish Toro Júbilo festival last updated: 29/09/2016 Euronews ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Russia rejects MH17 report as “biased” JIT has “ignored evidence” Moscow denies any involvement Russia has firmly dismissed a report into the 2014 downing of a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine, calling it biased. All 298 people on board flight MH17 died when it broke apart in mid-air flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. The Dutch-led Joint Investigation Team (JIT) international prosecuters have concluded the aircraft was destroyed by a Russian-made Buk missile. It had been fired from a Ukrainian village held by pro-Russian rebels and the launcher returned to Russia the next day. Read a summary of the report here Russia has long denied any involvement in the episode. It says the report ignores evidence and that new radar data presented by the Russian military will prompt the prosecuters to revise their findings. “Russia is disappointed that nothing has changed during the investigation into the Boeing crash. The conclusions of the Dutch prosecution confirm that the investigation is biased and politically motivated. Arbitrarily laying blame and wishful thinking has actually become the norm for our Western colleagues,” stated Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova. Almaz-Antey, the Russian makers of BUK missiles criticised the findings presented by the investigators saying they were based on a simulation of the crash, and not reality. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko disagreed claiming there was now firm proof of who carried out this horrible crime, and who is responsible. Prosecutors claim to have established the identities of about 100 people “linked to the crash or the transport of the Buk” missile, but they are yet to determine who could be held criminally responsible. They also admit they do not know who gave the order to shoot the plane down. And while there is a determination to prosecute those responsible, it is very unclear that this will ever be possible, particularly if it requires Moscow to hand over suspects. ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Malaysia Airlines MH17 Inquiry Ukraine Russia Netherlands All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Le vol MH17 abattu en Ukraine en 2014 : le missile venait de Russie See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Russland nennt MH17-Bericht "politisch motiviert" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Volo MH17, Mosca rigetta accuse e parla di motivazioni politiche dell'inchiesta See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Rusia acusa de partidismo al Equipo Internacional de Investigación sobre el vuelo MH17 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português MH17: Rússia denuncia investigação "tendenciosa" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Rusya: MH17 raporu 'taraflı ve siyasi' See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Росія і "ДНР" заперечують висновки міжнародного розслідування щодо загибелі "Боїнга" на Донбасі See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский США призвали назвать конкретных виновных в катастрофе малайзийского "боинга" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية لجنة تحقيق تقول إن صاروخا روسيا اسقط الطائرة الماليزية شرق اوكرانيا وموسكو تصف التحقيق بالمنحاز See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی واکنش روسیه و اوکراین به نتیجۀ تحقیقات در مورد سقوط هواپیمای مسافربری See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Απορρίπτει η Μόσχα το πόρισμα για τη συντριβή της πτήσης ΜΗ17 στην Ουκρανία See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Vitatja Moszkva, hogy oroszbarát szakadárok lőtték le a maláj gépet Kelet-Ukrajna felett See translation Auto-Translated All views This article × World news 29/09/2016 Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Point of view "...investigation is biased and politically motivated." Maria Zakharova. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Advertisement Next Article world news 29/09/2016 Israelis adjust to the loss of Shimon Peres Today's Top Stories world news 11/18/2016 Transatlantic relationship is a priority - EU leaders world news 11/18/2016 French conservative presidential candidates hold final TV debate world news 11/18/2016 Why was Ivanka Trump present during Trump's first international summit? Browse today's tags USA Barack Obama Politics Angela Merkel Germany France Donald Trump Europe Diplomacy Turkey Clashes and riots Justice Death Sport Cinema European Union Federal Reserve Iraq European Space Agency Anniversary Interest rates Exhibition Internet Humanitarian crisis Animals ISIL Migrant Crisis Odd Celebrity News Far-right Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures Dave Mosher and Rebecca Harrington Sep. 29, 2016, 7:22 PM 47,282 facebook linkedin twitter email print Elon Musk. Thomson Reuters Just days after SpaceX founder Elon Musk delivered his sweeping vision of colonizing Mars, a Colorado congressman is calling on government agencies to take over an investigation of the aerospace company's recent launchpad rocket explosion. The move — a signed congressional letter dated Thursday, September 29 — follows on the heels of two recent explosions of uncrewed Falcon 9 rockets. "These failures could have spelled disaster, even loss of life, had critical national security payloads or NASA crew been aboard those rockets," the letter states. "Both SpaceX failures occurred after the Air Force certified the Falcon 9 launch vehicle for U.S. national security launches, less than fifteen months ago." Congressman Mike Coffman (R-CO) penned the four-page congressional letter, which was cosigned by nine other House Republicans. (The letter's full text is at the end of this post.) It asks for increased scrutiny of SpaceX's investigation practices, given its plans with NASA to launch astronauts to the International Space Station. It also lobs pointed questions at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), NASA, and the US Air Force (USAF) about the certification process of SpaceX hardware, pricing schemes, risk assessment, and more. Semi-internal investigations An explosion on the launch site of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is shown in this still image from video in Cape Canaveral Thomson Reuters The first SpaceX incident in question was an in-flight explosion of a Falcon 9 rocket on June 28, 2015, destroying a telecommunications satellite. SpaceX chose to do an internal accident investigation with some FAA oversight, ultimately determining that a faulty strut had caused the accident. The most recent accident was a launchpad fireball of a Falcon 9 rocket on September 1, 2016, in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The percussive blaze destroyed Facebook's $200 million Amos-6 satellite, and SpaceX again exercised a federal law to perform its own investigation (since no people were harmed). That investigation isn't done, though a helium system seems to be at fault. For its ongoing investigation, SpaceX nearly doubled its team to a core group of "around 20 people," of which "more than half are representatives from FAA, NASA, US Air Force and industry experts," a company spokesperson previously told Business Insider in an email. Leading the entire group is Hans Koenigsmann — SpaceX's vice president of mission assurance. "[W]e believe he is the best person to do so," the spokesperson said. "We are collaborating very closely with the participating agencies, sharing raw data and providing access to meetings." But the 10 signers of the congressional letter do not seem satisfied with the internally led process. "We feel strongly that the current investigation should be led by NASA and the Air Force to ensure that proper investigative engineering rigor is applied and that the outcomes are sufficient to prevent NASA and military launch mishaps in the future," the draft letter states. John Taylor, a SpaceX spokesperson, declined to comment when provided a copy of the letter. A space battle on Capitol Hill Rep. Mike Coffman. Associated Press Raising issues about SpaceX, its failures, and its treatment by the US government is not a first for Coffman. As a member of the House Armed Services strategic forces subcommittee (which oversees military spacecraft), he did so in 2015 on multiple occasions, and in 2014 as well. The congressman now faces a heated 2016 reelection campaign in his district — the home of SpaceX's biggest competitor, United Launch Alliance (ULA), which is itself a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Records show that Coffman has publicly accepted more than $51,000 in campaign donations from Lockheed Martin during his career. Coffman has also publicly supported ULA. Samantha Masunaga, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times, captured the scuffle well in a story published in May 2016: "Traditional launch providers see their market being threatened by nontraditional entrants," said Loren Thompson, aerospace analyst with the Lexington Institute, an Arlington, Va., think tank. "Basically, this is competition between launch providers over market share and money that in the political process gets related to local interests." In 2015, United Launch Alliance spent $1.4 million on lobbying, up from $1 million the year before, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks federal campaign contributions and lobbying efforts on its website opensecrets.org. That same year, SpaceX spent $1.7 million on lobbying, up from $1.5 million in 2014. The sparring has been especially heated between the two companies as they compete for government launch contracts worth tens of billions of dollars. A government rule limiting the use of Russian-made engines — which ULA has relied on for its rockets — in the launch of military spacecraft has not helped matters for the company. (SpaceX makes its own rocket engines.) Business Insider contacted Rep. Coffman's press secretary as well as ULA and Lockheed Martin for this story, but we did not immediately receive a response. A Boeing representative could not immediately provide a comment. How federal agencies initially responded A SpaceX Falcon 9 liftoff and rocket Twitter/SpaceX The letter calls on the FAA, USAF, and NASA for their responses to the letter by October 31, 2016. Business Insider forwarded both a draft and then a signed letter to those agencies as well as to the DoD (which is named in the letter) and asked for comment. Hank Price, an FAA spokesperson, told Business Insider "it'd take some time to draft a response, and we wouldn't respond to it until we'd spoken to the Congressman first." Another FAA spokesperson later told Business Insider in an email: "The FAA received the letter late Thursday afternoon and has not had a chance to review it. Safety of all operations, including commercial space, is our top priority, and the FAA is closely overseeing the accident investigation. We will respond to the members of Congress in a timely manner." NASA representatives for the agency's Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate told Business Insider in an email "we haven't officially received this, but even when we do, we wouldn't be able to comment in advance of responding." Laura Seal, a DoD spokesperson, told Business Insider by email that the "letter is not addressed to the Department of Defense. If we do receive a letter from Congress on this topic for response, we would respond directly to the author." Representatives at the USAF did not immediately reply. The congressional letter Below is the full text of the signed letter. Congressional Letter to AF, NASA, FAA on Assured Access to Space by Rebecca Harrington on Scribd Correction: In one instance of a previous version of this story, Rep. Mike Coffman was misidentified in as a Senator. SEE ALSO: Here's Elon Musk's complete, sweeping vision on colonizing Mars to save humanity DON'T MISS: SpaceX is 'unlikely' to start launching rockets again as quickly as it has said NOW WATCH: Elon Musk rarely hires non-US citizens to work at SpaceX — here’s why Loading video... More: Space Rockets Investigations SpaceX Boeing United Launch Alliance Lockheed Martin Congress Spaceflight facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures Just days after SpaceX founder Elon Musk... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Soaring high: Local student youngest person ever to complete FAA certification program Monday Oct 3, 2016 at 2:17 PM Oct 3, 2016 at 2:17 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes VICTORVILLE — While most people tend to discover their lifelong passion at a young age, 17-year-old Nicole Edlauer said it took awhile for her love of flying to find her. A student at Excelsior A.M.E. Academy, Edlauer was recently recognized for being the youngest person ever to complete the entire Federal Aviation Administration approved Airframe and Powerplant certification program, with the certification fully qualifying the soon-to-be pilot to enter the aviation maintenance workforce upon turning 18. “It wasn’t until I went to an air show and won a raffle that I became interested in flying,” Edlauer said. "When you’re 11 the idea of winning a raffle is awesome for a kid. I remember seeing a toy airplane on top of that raffle box when I entered and later got a call that I had won and was asked to receive my prize at the Apple Valley Airport “When I got there I remember looking at all these cool planes and was wondering why I came here to pick up a simple toy. One person then nudged me on the shoulder, telling me ‘Your flight instructor will be here shortly.’ After, they had to force me into a plane and had to force me out and I was hooked since.” As the youngest person to earn her FAA approved Airframe and Powerplant certification, Edlauer — who interns at Flabob Airport in Riverside — also earned her pilot’s license and received multiple scholarships from both Rotary International and the Excelsior Staff Scholarship, according to Excelsior Principal Derek King. “We’re all highly impressed by Nicole’s hard work and dedication in finishing this program in such a short amount of time. What she has demonstrated is that when one has a passion or calling for something they will stop at nothing to succeed,” King said. For completing the program at such a young age, Edlauer was recognized at the school’s Back to School night on Sept. 9, as the County Supervisor's Office, the City of Victorville and Victor Valley Community College honored her with a certificate.   “To me, Nicole’s accomplishment is extremely important. It shows her connection with both her education and the work force, an overall goal and trait every young student should strive for,” King said. "What she has accomplished through our program is a game changer."      In addition to completing the certification program, Edlauer already has a job offer already lined up at Boeing. But even with all she's accomplished, Edlauer feels as though she is just getting started and humbly encourages those who wish to follow their dreams to work hard and never give up. “My accomplishment isn’t really anything special," Edlauer said. "Because at my age, though it is something unique, really anyone who puts their mind to it and with enough passion and determination anyone can succeed just as well as I did."   Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search FICO and Solution-Soft Enter into Agreement to Re-Sell Time Machine   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Application Testing * Virtual clock * Time Shift Testing By Industry: * SoftwareSANTA CLARA, Calif. - Oct. 3, 2016 - PRLog -- SolutionSoft Systems Inc, the leader in date and time testing solutions, has entered into a new reseller agreement with leading analytics software firm FICO. FICO will resell Solution-Soft's Time Machine solution for application testing to customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. After the success of several projects in which both Time Machine and the FICO® Debt Manager 9 collections solution were deployed, the two organizations have decided to collaborate. "Time Machine has been a great complement to our collections projects, as it helps our customers to reduce time to ROI and allows us to have great confidence in our testing cycles," said Daniel Bowles, Senior Director of Business Development at FICO. Under the agreement, FICO will be able to include Time Machine in sales transactions that include Debt Manager. Solution-Soft will offer both pre-sale and post-sale support for FICO Debt Manager and other solutions. "This agreement allows our organizations to continue and further streamline the synergy that has been established," said Raymond Watson, Director of Business Development at Solution-Soft. "We look forward to many more successful projects ahead." About Time Machine Time Machine saves ten-fold or more on resources and costs associated with temporal testing of applications. It enables you to finish your large scale software projects on time and under budget.  Some other usage scenarios of Time Machine include Cloud migration, time zone adjustment, data aging, Big Data analysis and online training.  Time Machine is the original date and time simulation software for Unix and Windows since 1997 and it is Cloud ready.  Thousands of customers worldwide utilize Time Machine successfully across all industries on a daily basis; including 47 of the Fortune 100 companies. About Solution-Soft Solution-Soft is the leader in date and time testing software solutions, as well as data compression/file transfer and data storage management. We proudly provide our 2000+ domestic and international customers with patent-pending software solutions proven to optimize customer IT infrastructure, save costs, and deliver mission critical applications.  Our goal is to deliver solutions that both fulfill our customers needs and catalyze future growth. Solution-Soft's customers are across all market sectors including 3M, Barclaycards, BBC, Boeing, CalPERS, Centrica UK, Covered California, Discover, Fed Ex, French Telecom, National Australia Bank, State Farm and Wells Fargo. Solution-Soft's market presence is bolstered by partnerships with Accenture, Citrix, FICO, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Red Hat and SAP.  Solution-Soft works closely with top tier consultant partners around the world across all industries to achieve clients' business objectives with ultimate ROI. About FICO FICO powers decisions that help people and businesses around the world prosper. Founded in 1956 and based in Silicon Valley, the company is a pioneer in the use of predictive analytics and data science to improve operational decisions. FICO holds more than 165 US and foreign patents on technologies that increase profitability, customer satisfaction and growth for businesses in financial services, telecommunications, health care, retail and many other industries. Using FICO solutions, businesses in more than 100 countries do everything from protecting 2.6 billion payment cards from fraud, to helping people get credit, to ensuring that millions of airplanes and rental cars are in the right place at the right time. Learn more at http://www.fico.com. Founded in 1993, Solution-Soft is privately held and based in Santa Clara, Ca., for more information visit http://www.solution-soft.com or call +1.408.346.1400. Contact: Raymond Watson Solution-Soft 408.346.1400 ### Solution-Soft and Time Machine are trademarks or registered trademarks of SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. FICO and Debt Manager are trademarks or registered trademarks of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Contact Raymond Watson 408 346 1400 ***@solution-soft.com End Source : SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. » Follow Email : ***@solution-soft.com Listed Under- Tags : Application Testing, Virtual clock, Time Shift Testing Industry : Software Location : Santa Clara - California - United States Subject : Partnerships A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. News Solution-Soft's Time Machine Framework for WebLogic Now Available in the Oracle Cloud Marketplace Solution-Soft's Time Machine Framework for Oracle Now Available in the Oracle Cloud Marketplace Trending ISA Computers are not dead yet New Music Release by Latin Artist Miguel Angel 'El Bronco' Titled "Dolor!" Robert Cadogan & Heidy Frank join Dranoff 2 Piano Foundation Board Critical Skills for Successful Project Management Webinar Baby K'tan, LLC Announces Global Expansion with 2012 Ltd Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 435 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 394 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 260 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 231 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 225 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1233 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 921 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 802 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 737 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 708 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 243 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 205 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 187 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 148 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Former NAACP head: 'We must stop’ Sessions as AG Administration — 6m 27s ago ‘Keep It In The Ground’ movement continues to deny science Energy & Environment — 18m 26s ago Trump team talking to Sen. Moran for Agriculture secretary Administration — 23m 49s ago Fantasy sports sites DraftKings, FanDuel to merge Technology — 31m 2s ago Texas to debate ending in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants News — 34m 43s ago New regs for Monday: Emissions, nuclear, hazardous materials Regulation — 36m 45s ago The new political battlefield: ESPN Media — 39m 53s ago Ana Navarro: Sessions was ‘too racist to be a judge’ in the 80s Administration — 1h 2m ago view all Saudi Arabia hires 10th lobby firm By Megan R. Wilson - 10/03/16 12:05 PM EDT   © Getty The government of Saudi Arabia is now employing 10 lobbying firms in Washington as it grapples with a new law that would allow families of victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks to sue the country. The Saudis have hired King & Spalding to provide “advocacy and legal services” related to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, according to a contract filed with the Justice Department. It’s the fifth firm to be hired by the country in recent weeks. ADVERTISEMENT Congress handed President Obama his first veto override last week, turning the 9/11 bill into law. But top Republican lawmakers are already discussing rewriting the law to address some of the unintended consequences.  Saudi Arabia hired four other firms at the end of September, right before the White House issued its veto. Heavyweights Squire Patton Boggs, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck and Glover Park Group, along with Sphere Consulting, were added to the payroll. Unlike the other firms, King & Spalding inked its contract through Saudi Arabia’s Ministry of Commerce and Investment. The agreement does not discuss fees or the duration of the work, saying those details were still being worked out. A review of disclosures by The Hill shows that Saudi Arabia is now paying upward of $1.3 million in lobbying fees per month — including payments to its other firms, Hogan Lovells, MSLGroup, DLA Piper, Podesta Group and BGR Group. Targeted Victory, a Republican ad firm, is working through a subcontract with MSLGroup. Earlier this year, Saudi Arabia threatened to sell off hundreds of billions of dollars of American assets should the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act become law. Obama has warned that the law allowing Americans to sue countries or individuals suspected of sponsoring terrorism could also ultimately open up Americans to lawsuits by foreign governments. Companies like Boeing, Dow Chemical, General Electric and Chevron also pressed lawmakers not to vote for the override, according to Politico.  Almost immediately after the vote to sustain the legislation into law, overturning Obama’s veto, leaders began discussing ways to change it. “I would like to think there’s a way we can fix so that our service members do not have legal problems overseas while still protecting the rights of the 9/11 victims,” Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanTrump vowed to “drain the swamp,” here’s how Overnight Finance: House GOP plans short-term spending bill | Senate Republicans not happy | Yellen intends to finish term In Medicare fixes for ACA — keep the good stuff MORE (R-Wis.) said last week after the successful veto override.  Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob CorkerBob CorkerTrump’s nominees may face roadblocks McConnell: Senate will extend Iran sanctions in lame-duck House votes to extend Iran sanctions MORE (R-Tenn.) said that he spoke to Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir last week, according to Bloomberg, and the Saudis are open to tweaking the law with new legislation following the November elections. Prior to the law, families of terrorist attack victims could only sue governments thought to be responsible if the country was a State Department-designated sponsor of terrorism. Saudi Arabia does not have that designation. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 hailed from Saudi Arabia. Critics have long suspected that the kingdom’s government may have either directly or indirectly supported the attacks, something the Saudis vehemently deny. Tags Bob Corker, Paul Ryan   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump’s transition takes surprise... Donald Trump and his transition team sent clear signals on Thursday&... 466 Shares 2 Trump taps Sessions for AG President-elect Donald Trump has selected Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to... 311 Shares 3 Report: Trump to settle Trump... The president-elect will pay between $20 million and $25 million but admit... 268 Shares 4 Axelrod: Trump’s picks a ‘monster’... Axelrod panned Trump's future attorney general, CIA director and national... 259 Shares 5 Ivanka sits in on Trump's meeting... Ivanka Trump is pictured sitting across from her father and Japan's Prime... 226 Shares 6 Trump picks Rep. Pompeo as CIA... Pompeo was a member the House Select Committee on Benghazi. 219 Shares 7 Our ally Turkey is in crisis and... OPINION | It is imperative that we remember who our real friends are. 157 Shares 8 House GOP eying major Medicare... Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.) said that he expects lawmakers... 138 Shares 9 Kanye West: I’d have voted for... "If I were to have voted, I would have voted on Trump," the rapper said. 129 Shares 10 Obama won't call off anti-Trump... Obama said protests are just something Trump would have to get used to as... 120 Shares 11 Ana Navarro: Sessions was ‘too... "Jeff Sessions, considered too racist to be a judge in 80's, is Trump's AG... 116 Shares 12 Sanders won’t join Democratic Party Sanders was appointed to a leadership position within the Senate... 108 Shares 13 Democrats have one final shot to... OPINION | Foster Campbell can win the runoff in Louisiana. 100 Shares 14 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 100 Shares 15 Trump team talking to Sen. Moran... Moran serves as the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee’s... 96 Shares 16 GOP braces for Trump’s $1T... Republicans in Congress appear ready to embrace President-elect Donald... 83 Shares 17 Quote from Clinton concession... Twitter announced that the most retweeted tweet of the election cycle was... 83 Shares 18 Memo to the LGBT community: Donald... OPINION | No signs the LGBT community will be targeted by Trump... 82 Shares 19 KKK, American Nazi Party praise... President-elect Donald Trump is drawing praise from the Ku Klux Klan, neo-... 82 Shares 20 David Duke applauds Trump tapping... Duke called Flynn a “great pick” because of a tweet by Flynn over the... 81 Shares 21 The new political battlefield: ESPN OPINION | When Disney stock starts to fall and ESPN gets the blame, you... 81 Shares 22 115th Congress will be most... The new Congress set to take office in January is slated to be the most... 78 Shares 23 Tim Ryan to challenge Pelosi for... Some House Democrats are urging a change in leadership after disappointing... 73 Shares 24 Ohio man charged with threatening... "My life goal is to assassinate Trump," one of the man's tweets allegedly... 69 Shares 25 Cruz tells friends he’s interested...  Ted Cruz has told confidants he’s interested in serving as attorney... 66 Shares 26 GOP opts for short-term spending... House Republicans on Thursday settled on a plan to fund the government... 65 Shares 27 Anti-Defamation League CEO: I’ll '... "This is the day this proud Jew will register as Muslim," Jonathan... 63 Shares 28 Republican proposes charging anti-...  “Fear, intimidation and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political... 59 Shares 29 Spy chief James Clapper resigns “I submitted my letter of resignation last night, which felt pretty good... 58 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
At Home in the World Share your travel experiences Subscribe For just $6 Subscribe Subscribe Where in the world are you thinking of?Search food & drinksstyle & designarts & culturetravel inspirationtravel awardstravel intelcity guidesvideosvoyagesupgrades & extras Restaurants & CafesBars & NightlifeWineCocktails The Best New Places to Eat in Tel Aviv The Hottest Wine Destinations of 2016 You Can't Get These Hotel Cocktails Anywhere Else in the World Pastry Chef Dominique Ansel to Open Tokyo Pop-Up FashionShoppingDesignArchitectureStreet StyleBeauty & WellnessLuxury The 10 Most Beautiful Snow Castles In the World Traveler x Allure = the Ultimate Dopp Kit We Love These Fashion-and-Food Mashups The Famed Venice Lion Has Been Restored, Thanks to...Coco Chanel? MusicArtFilm & TVBooksMuseums & GalleriesTheatre & DanceFestivals & Events The 10 Best Travel Books of 2015 Print Isn't Dead at These Bookstores for Obsessives The World's Best Museum Gift Shops 9 Breathtaking Photos of Rajasthan, India CruisesRomanceThe Next ListCultureBeachesFoodFamilyOut of the OrdinaryGay & LesbianEco & AdventureRoad Trips A Perfect Day in Lexington, Kentucky 10 Frozen Lakes That Will Restore Your Faith in Winter 15 Breathtaking Photos of the Great Barrier Reef 15 Places That Look Like They're On Another Planet Readers' Choice AwardsGold ListHot List The Best Cities in the World The Best Islands in the World The 50 Best Hotels In the World The 50 Best Resorts in the World Business TravelLoyalty & RewardsAir TravelHotelsCruisesDrivingTech & GearFamily TravelHealthSolo Travel The World's Safest Airline Is... Top 10 Things to Do In Lexington, Kentucky Americans Won't Need Visas to Visit Brazil This Summer How to Go on Vacation With Your Coworkers Morocco Paris Milan London New York City Dubai Nashville Rome San Francisco Cape Town Tokyo Las Vegas Beijing Singapore Aspen Philadelphia Austin Los Angeles Florence Barcelona Chicago Washington, D.C. Hotel Stories Let's Eat Shorter Than Short Drink With A View An African Summer: 10 Days in Botswana The Grand Coast: A Journey Through Croatia Wild at Heart: A Brazilian Safari Of Emeralds and Elephants: The Wonders of Rajasthan The Seven Cruise WondersConnoisseursExtraordinariesPostThe Road Less TraveledThe Editor's Itinerary 2nd Annual Shorties Festival Modern Adventure The Editor's Itinerary Close Where in the world are you thinking of?Search; Travel IntelAir Travel Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email MH370 Mystery: New 'Crash Detectives' Book Explores What Happened by Barbara PetersonOctober 3, 2016 Getty The MH370 crash largely remains a mystery. Share via facebook dialog Share via Pinterest Investigator and aviation reporter Christine Negroni makes a compelling case for a possible explanation that, thus far, hasn’t gotten much attention. When news broke recently that the crash of Malaysia Air Flight 17 was almost certainly caused by a Russian missile, it brought to mind that other MH accident—the still-unsolved disappearance of MH370 on its flight to Beijing two-and-a-half years ago. Yet the two disasters are strikingly different: Just days after MH17 was shot from the sky over Ukraine in July 2014 on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, killing all 298 aboard, the wreckage and black boxes had been found. The main unanswered question was who fired the missile. But in the case of MH370, a costly and thus far fruitless underwater search for the 777—presumed to be at the bottom of the Indian Ocean—is about to wrap up, conspiracy theories continue to flourish, ranging from the predictable “pilot did it” scenarios to allegations that Russia, too, had a hand in this one. But now, a book from aviation reporter and investigator Christine Negroni makes a compelling case for a possible explanation that hasn’t gotten much attention: hypoxia, or a lack of oxygen caused by depressurization inside the aircraft cabin, incapacitated the pilots and ultimately everyone on board, even as the plane flew on for hours on autopilot until it ran out of fuel and presumably crashed into the sea. Negroni’s book, The Crash Detectives, out this week from Penguin Publishers, doesn’t focus only on MH370, but it puts it into context by chronicling a string of what the subtitle describes as the “world’s most mysterious air disasters”—including some long-ago cases like Amelia Earhart’s last flight, and the strange crash of a plane that killed UN secretary-general Dag Hammarskjöld. And it plumbs the reasons why some accidents are particularly hard to crack. But what exactly is hypoxia, and how could it lead otherwise capable pilots to crash a plane? The simple answer is that planes flying above 10,000 feet must be pressurized to a livable altitude of around 8,000 feet above sea level, otherwise, people aboard would suffer from dangerous low levels of oxygen and, the higher the plane, the more rapid the loss of consciousness. Instances of depressurization are rare, and can be caused by a sudden event, such as an explosion, or, more commonly at lower altitudes, failure to activate the pressurization controls. In either case an alarm should sound, and pilots are trained to don oxygen masks or descend to below 10,000 feet. But pilots have only seconds to act, Negroni tells Condé Nast Traveler, and the initial symptoms of hypoxia are like intoxication—giving people a false sense of confidence, and impairing judgment. 5 Ways Flying Will Change After MH370 “It’s really two failures,” Negroni says. “It’s the failure that caused the hypoxia and failure to use the mask.” Using several other cases involving hypoxia as a guide—including the crash of Helios Flight 522 out of Athens in 2005, Negroni lays out a strong argument for how hypoxia would explain many of the unanswered questions about MH370, such as the lack of distress call, the disabling of the transponder that signals the plane’s location, and the seemingly inexplicable movements of the plane as it changed course before vanishing from screens completely. And as for what caused the cabin to lose pressure in the first place, she examines several theories, including whether the lithium battery shipment in the cargo hold could have caught fire. A more likely cause, she argues, is an electrical failure that knocked out the plane’s systems, and points to clues from previous incidents involving leaks into the critical electronics bay on other large Boeing and Airbus aircraft. Others, including The Daily Beast's Clive Irving and David Soucie, an aviation safety analyst for CNN, have also backed the hypoxia theory. And while Negroni is not optimistic the plane and its black boxes will be retrieved from the bottom of the ocean, she says it’s illusory to think that the wreckage alone would solve the mystery. “I say ‘Stop using the (missing) black boxes as a dodge,’” says Negroni. After all, if the plane was flying for hours in a kind of zombie state before it plunged into the sea, those recorders might not yield much valuable data anyway, as they record only the last hours of the flight. Just as a murder case can be solved without a body, using evidence such as maintenance records, previous episodes involving that particular aircraft model, and any other sources, can help investigators piece together a likely scenario that at the very least can help prevent other similar accidents from occurring in the future. Video Highlights Share this story Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Recommended for You Travel Inspiration The 20 Most Beautiful College Campuses in America by Laura Vogel Read Now Follow CNTraveler Get Traveler Delivered Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Helpful LinksAdvertise with CNTravelerCNTraveler Media KitReprints & PermissionsSite Map More from Condé NastCondé Nast Traveler UKCondé Nast Traveler SpainCondé Nast StoreCareers at Condé Nast Condé Nast Visit Our Sister SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016).  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.

null


Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Friday, November 18, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Three Reasons a New President Won't Help America. One Way She or He Could. Published on Monday, October 03, 2016 by Common Dreams Three Reasons a New President Won't Help America. One Way She or He Could. by Paul Buchheit 0 Comments 'Inequality has ripped us apart, not only economically, but also emotionally, as people further removed from the lives of others tend to distrust each other.' (Photo: Elvert Barnes / Flickr) There are at least three major American failures that are too entrenched in our society to undergo change with anything less than an FDR-type effort. Corporations Continue to Ignore Their Responsibility to Education The Wall Street Journal says, "Many workers who were laid off in recent decades...don’t have the skills to do today’s jobs. An Apple executive recently lamented, "The U.S. has stopped producing people with the skills we need." But opportunities for young people have diminished as corporations have rejected their obligation to society. Public colleges and universities have suffered major cuts in funding over the last ten years, while the largest American corporations have avoided hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes by stashing their profits overseas. Corporate leaders blame government, they blame society, they blame the poor for their own misfortunes. But they don't acknowledge their responsibility to pay for the people and research provided by higher education, especially during the technological boom of the 1990s. Instead they seem to agree with Donald Trump about skipping out on taxes: "That makes me smart." Higher education is one of the main victims of this narcissistic way of thinking. The Rich Lack Incentive to Help Others: They Believe an "Invisible Hand" Will Do It For every 100 American millionaires six years ago, there are now 140. As this richest 5% of America gets richer, many of them lose the sense of empathy that creates a strong society, and they become more convinced that the magic of the market will solve all the country's problems. What is the "invisible hand" incentive to take the place of FEMA? It was a very visible money-clutching hand after Hurricane Sandy, when private insurance companies manipulated the system to make hundreds of millions of dollars while devastated families got shortchanged on their policies. After home-destroying Oklahoma earthquakes in 2015, possibly caused by fracking, over 90 percent of claims were denied on the grounds that the quakes were human-made and not "acts of God," while oil companies flipped the argument and called the earthquakes "natural disasters." Where is the invisible hand for clean water? Entire cities get poisoned when companies seek shortcuts in the name of profits. And for healthy food, which should be a society-uniting human rights concern, but was preempted by Big Ag companies who pushed Congress to the anti-labeling DARK Act (Deny Americans the Right to Know). The American super-rich apparently aren't even willing to help their own descendants. The earth is on track to hit its highest temperature in 2 million years, yet not a single U.S. city is ranked among the world's 20 most sustainable cities. Too Many Americans Think They're "Exceptional" Are we better than everyone else? In 2014 Larry Wittner reviewed international comparisons in education, health, and child poverty and found that: (1) For education, according to a Program for International Student Assessment of 65 countries, 15-year-olds in the U.S. ranked 17th in reading and 21st in math; (2) For healthcare (including infant mortality and life expectancy), the Commonwealth Fund concluded that the U.S. was LAST among 11 advanced industrial countries, while the World Health Organization judged the U.S. healthcare system 30th in the world; and (3) For child poverty, a UN study of 35 economically advanced countries found the U.S. second to last. "They are not very good at feeding their people, but they invest a huge amount in their weapons." President Barack Obama said that, speaking about North Korea. Obama also said, "The United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war. That is what makes us different from those whom we fight." Exceptionalism again. But it's been reported that only about 10 percent of Afghan airstrikes killed the intended targets in a 5-month period, and that only about 12 percent of drone victims in Pakistan could be named as al Qaeda militants. Our "standard-bearing" Air Force is dropping so many bombs on Muslim countries that companies like Boeing are gearing up for increased weaponry sales, as stock prices for weapons manufacturers keep surging. Next up, very possibly, is Hillary, who promises to escalate in Syria. One Way to Help America Inequality has ripped us apart, not only economically, but also emotionally, as people further removed from the lives of others tend to distrust each other. Tragically, it may take a war or a natural disaster to reverse that. But there's another way, and it's becoming increasingly important with the technological takeover of middle class jobs. We need a guaranteed income. It's the one way we could immediately instill a degree of equality in America, while restoring some of the missing trust in each other. The new President would probably have to institute a financial transaction tax. He or she would have to create jobs in alternative energy infrastructure. It's unlikely, but it's doable. It may be the only way to help America. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Paul Buchheit Paul Buchheit is a college teacher, an active member of US Uncut Chicago, founder and developer of social justice and educational websites (UsAgainstGreed.org, PayUpNow.org, RappingHistory.org), and the editor and main author of "American Wars: Illusions and Realities" (Clarity Press). He can be reached at paul@UsAgainstGreed.org. Share This Article More in: Solutions, U.S. , Education, Corporate Power, Taxation, Wall Street, Inequality, Austerity, Election 2016 Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Peter Dreier Trump Isn’t Hitler. But We Should Act Like He Is. Christopher D. Cook In the Dumps? Ten Ways to Fight Trump Peter Bloom Progressives Wake Up: It’s Time to Put Centrism to Rest Mehdi Hasan As a Muslim, How Do I Tell My Child the New President Doesn’t Like Us? Ralph Nader Which Trump? Early Signs Not Good Jake Johnson Stop the Lobbyist Howard Dean, Support Keith Ellison for DNC Chair Walden Bello How Obama’s Legacy Lost the Elections for Hillary Mattea Kramer On the Road With Our American Selves Chuck Collins, Helen Flannery Gilded Giving: What Happens When Billionaires Dominate the Charitable Sector Ryan Goodman, Samuel Moyn Trump’s Whistleblowers—Why Pardoning Manning and Snowden Makes Sense Now Robert C. Koehler Election Theft and Racist Elitism John Feffer Bartleby the American More Views News That Matters Trump Empire Contains 'Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History' 'Resistance Is Courage': Author and Climate Warrior Offers Thoughts on Struggle Ahead The Islamophobic Black-Ops Master Likely to Head Trump's National Security Bernie Sanders and Broad Progressive Coalition Hold People's Rally in D.C. Wall Street and Private Prisons 'Licking Their Lips' Over Trump Presidency Under Shadow of Trump, Lame Duck Obama Unveils Bold Climate Plan Angela Merkel Sounds Death Knell for TTIP—But Don't Thank Donald Trump Sanders Warns President-Elect Trump: 'We Are Not Going Backwards' Major Trump Backer Cites Internment Camps to Defend 'Muslim Registry' 'Business-As-Usual' Climate Scenario Will Cost World Economy $12 Trillion: UN More News Further More Small Good Things: Do Not Talk To Other People That Way Amidst our national nightmare, good people are scrambling to find ways to do good and support those feeling threatened. Efforts range from the kinda lame donning of safety pins to the generous signing up of thousands of New Yorkers to accompany fearful subway riders to the bravery of Muslims reaching out to their haters to explain, "This is both our homes." And sometimes, it just takes speaking. See a good guy confront a racist jerk at a Miami Starbucks, and be like him. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out19:09 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Moscow Summons Dutch Ambassador, Expresses Doubts Over MH17 Crash Probe © Sputnik/ Vitaliy Belousov Europe 18:43 03.10.2016Get short URL 7602142 The Russian Foreign Ministry summoned on Monday Dutch Ambassador to Moscow Renée Jones-Bos to present additional reasoning behind Russia's refusal to accept the findings of a Dutch-led investigation into the crash of the Malaysian Flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine in 2014. © AP Photo/ Nicholas Garriga 'Relatives are Our Only Allies': MH17 Investigators Won't Accept Russian DataMOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the statement, Moscow called on the Hague to study in detail the radar data that Russia has recently handed over [to the investigation], which provides the most objective picture of the real situation in the Ukrainian airspace at the time of the catastrophe, and to use this data in the final conclusions. "The head of the Dutch diplomatic mission was informed that…the Russian side has serious reasons to doubt the objectiveness, reliability and impartiality of the conclusions made by the Joint Investigation Team [JIT]," the ministry said in a statement. Moscow also expressed hope that the JIT, in the framework of its competence, will provide an expert evaluation of Kiev's failure to close the Ukrainian airspace as one of the main causes of the tragedy. A preliminary report released by the JIT last Wednesday claimed that the Malaysian Boeing passenger plane was downed by a missile fired from a Buk launcher, which had been brought from Russia and located in southeastern Ukrainian territory held by the local militias. Moscow immediately rejected the findings, calling the report “biased and politically motivated." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 142 Related: Names of MH17 Downing Suspects May Be Confirmed by Year-End - Australia’s FM 'Troubling Gaps': Dutch Report on MH17 Plane Crash Glosses Over Vital Details Investigation Into MH17 Crash ‘Doomed to Fail’ if All Evidence Not Considered Tags: ambassador, MH17 crash, Netherlands, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply choticastile 19:10 03.10.2016 | 3 | Edit | Delete A shameful miscarriage of justice remains the order of the day... Similar to Washington, its obedient and spineless vassals support the fact that the world is aware today, that with the US gunning for Russia for some years now, the truth is always the first casualty with US war hawks. As the full truth of 9/11 is still hidden by the US, even after 'all' was supposedly declassified, so the US is again hiding information which could long since have solved the fateful MH17 crash. It is not only heartless, but soul-less that loved ones in both these horrific tragedies have never been able to have full closure about how or why their loved ones died... In the case of MH17, when so much evidence continues to be ignored, the passengers should sue and subpoena those withholding what is critical to bring the perpetrators to justice as soon as possible.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 8842 Chinese Splash the Cash on US Real Estate But Congress Recommends Investment Ban The US government needs to differentiate between China's individual and institutional investors, following a congressional report on US-China ties which recommended that lawmakers ban Chinese state-owned investment in the US, Bryce Swerhun of the City University of Hong Kong told Radio Sputnik. 0 3 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 2175 Some Like It Hot... And Expensive: 7 Celebrity Outfits Sold for Big Bucks An iconic moment in the life of one of Hollywood's great movie stars, in 1962, Marilyn Monroe shimmied onto a stage in New York's Madison Square Garden. Squeezed into a dress so tight, she had to be sewn into it, Monroe sang then-President John F. Kennedy a very sultry "Happy Birthday" to celebrate him turning 45. 0 40 All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds Pigs have personalities too - and can be pretty moody sometimes which can even affect the decisions they make, according to a new study carried out on the four-legged creatures in the UK. 124 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 300 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 19:08Chinese Splash the Cash on US Real Estate But Congress Recommends Investment Ban 19:07Pompeo 'Good, Wise' Selection for Head of CIA - US Senator 18:57All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds 18:56Pakistan Navy Prevents Indian Subs From Entering Country's Territorial Waters 18:56Russia Allocates $1Mln to Develop Infrastructure Projects in Black Sea RegionAll news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15431 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12298 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12031 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10082 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10075All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News Home » City News » Bangalore Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around Bengaluru, Oct 3 (IANS) National carrier Air India (AI) would fly more and fill more seats to turn around its fortunes by adding more aircraft and destinations on domestic and overseas routes, AI Chairman Ashwani Lohani said on Monday.IANS | Oct 3, 2016, 08.42 PM IST Bengaluru, Oct 3 (IANS) National carrier Air India (AI) would fly more and fill more seats to turn around its fortunes by adding more aircraft and destinations on domestic and overseas routes, AI Chairman Ashwani Lohani said on Monday. "We are adding more aircraft to connect more cities across the country and overseas to increase our capacity, frequency of service and turn around the airline's fortunes soon," Lohani told reporters at a company function here. Admitting that the state-run airline's market share had declined, especially on the domestic routes, Lohani said in a dynamic business and competitive environment, it's the market forces that determined the growth and share of airlines. "Civil aviation is a dynamic business. I would say it is the mother of all businesses. It's highly competitive. Market forces decide the fares. Our strategy is to improve the service, punctuality, on-time performance and boost the morale of our employees to give their best to restore the airline's lost glory," said Lohani. On the international routes, the airline is looking at adding more destinations in Europe, the US, Australia and South East Asia with non-stop and one-stop services for providing better and faster connectivity. "We have launched four non-stop direct flights on overseas routes during this year, including one to San Francisco in the US, Vienna in Austria, Rome in Italy and Birmingham in Britain. We plan to add 10 more destinations in 2017," Lohani said. The airline will start a non-stop service to Madrid in Spain from Delhi in December. "We are already operating non-stop flights to nine destinations in Europe, four cities across the US and two in Australia. With the addition of more aircraft, we will fly to more destinations non-stop or with one-stop over," said Lohani. Air India commercial director Pankaj Srivastava said on the occasion that the airline would add 10 more aircraft, including seven A-320s of Airbus and three of 777-300ER (extended range) and six more 787 Dreamliners of Boeing. "Though we cover 68 cities with 55 aircraft on the domestic routes, capacity constraints have limited our ability to expand to more tier-two and tier-three cities unlike competitors who fly to 38 cities even with 100 aircraft," Srivastava said. Noting that the passenger traffic was growing at about 20 per cent annually in the domestic market, Lohani said travel had become more competitive as evident from lower yields with flexi fares and better connectivity to tier-two and tier-three cities by competitors. "Once we have more aircraft and expand capacity, we will regain our market share with services on trunk routes and tier-one cities," added Srivastava. Claiming that he has free hand and enough autonomy to run the airline and turn around its fortunes by consolidating and expanding, Lohani said there was no interference from the government or the ministry in the airline's affairs. "Though many had left the airline over the years for various reasons, the attrition has gone down drastically since a year as we are taking care of our staff. There is a sea change in the staff morale. You can assess the mood here," added Lohani. Earlier, Lohani unveiled the airline's new booking office at a heritage building in the city centre as part of the company's revival strategy. "Bengaluru is the fifth biggest stations in the airline's extensive domestic network and well connected to other cities across the country and overseas," the company said in a statement later. --IANS fb/sm/dg Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC How India plans to use Indus Water Treaty to turn the heat on Pakistan Watch: Equipment, ammunition recovered from Baramulla attack site Watch exclusive pictures of equipment and ammunition recovered from Baramulla terror attack site. Nation salutes Baramulla braveheart Nitin Kumar Gun salutes were paid to BSF jawan Nitin Kumar who lost his life in the Baramulla terror attack. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7us viennaus australiaSrivastavaSpainSouth East Asia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners 557 kg banned plastic seized Pushing Karnataka as Pharma destiny, KIA get India’s 1st perishable cargo facility Ailing AI moving towards turnaround: Chairman Lohani     Oppo Fresh Face Auditions at Baldwin Womens Methodist College Bengaluru Bengaluru may get a new cricket stadium by 2019 Once Bengaluru had 964 lakes, now stressed for water; cost to revive them Rs 40,000 crore To escape SC wrath, Karnataka to pass new Cauvery resolution Stabbed, robbed, Bengaluru man runs 1.5km to get home MBBS seat breaches Rs 1.2 crore on tepid supply 1Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around 2557 kg banned plastic seized 3Pushing Karnataka as Pharma destiny, KIA get India’s 1st perishable cargo facility 4Ailing AI moving towards turnaround: Chairman Lohani     5Oppo Fresh Face Auditions at Baldwin Womens Methodist College Bengaluru 6Bengaluru may get a new cricket stadium by 2019 7Once Bengaluru had 964 lakes, now stressed for water; cost to revive them Rs 40,000 crore 8To escape SC wrath, Karnataka to pass new Cauvery resolution 9Stabbed, robbed, Bengaluru man runs 1.5km to get home 10MBBS seat breaches Rs 1.2 crore on tepid supply About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Kolkata Test Score India Surgical Strike US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 iPhone 7 Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around Source : Last Updated: Mon, Oct 03, 2016 20:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print Bengaluru, Oct 3 (IANS) National carrier Air India (AI) would fly more and fill more seats to turn around its fortunes by adding more aircraft and destinations on domestic and overseas routes, AI Chairman Ashwani Lohani said on Monday. "We are adding more aircraft to connect more cities across the country and overseas to increase our capacity, frequency of service and turn around the airline's fortunes soon," Lohani told reporters at a company function here. Admitting that the state-run airline's market share had declined, especially on the domestic routes, Lohani said in a dynamic business and competitive environment, it's the market forces that determined the growth and share of airlines. "Civil aviation is a dynamic business. I would say it is the mother of all businesses. It's highly competitive. Market forces decide the fares. Our strategy is to improve the service, punctuality, on-time performance and boost the morale of our employees to give their best to restore the airline's lost glory," said Lohani. On the international routes, the airline is looking at adding more destinations in Europe, the US, Australia and South East Asia with non-stop and one-stop services for providing better and faster connectivity. "We have launched four non-stop direct flights on overseas routes during this year, including one to San Francisco in the US, Vienna in Austria, Rome in Italy and Birmingham in Britain. We plan to add 10 more destinations in 2017," Lohani said. The airline will start a non-stop service to Madrid in Spain from Delhi in December. "We are already operating non-stop flights to nine destinations in Europe, four cities across the US and two in Australia. With the addition of more aircraft, we will fly to more destinations non-stop or with one-stop over," said Lohani. Air India commercial director Pankaj Srivastava said on the occasion that the airline would add 10 more aircraft, including seven A-320s of Airbus and three of 777-300ER (extended range) and six more 787 Dreamliners of Boeing. "Though we cover 68 cities with 55 aircraft on the domestic routes, capacity constraints have limited our ability to expand to more tier-two and tier-three cities unlike competitors who fly to 38 cities even with 100 aircraft," Srivastava said. Noting that the passenger traffic was growing at about 20 per cent annually in the domestic market, Lohani said travel had become more competitive as evident from lower yields with flexi fares and better connectivity to tier-two and tier-three cities by competitors. "Once we have more aircraft and expand capacity, we will regain our market share with services on trunk routes and tier-one cities," added Srivastava. Claiming that he has free hand and enough autonomy to run the airline and turn around its fortunes by consolidating and expanding, Lohani said there was no interference from the government or the ministry in the airline's affairs. "Though many had left the airline over the years for various reasons, the attrition has gone down drastically since a year as we are taking care of our staff. There is a sea change in the staff morale. You can assess the mood here," added Lohani. Earlier, Lohani unveiled the airline's new booking office at a heritage building in the city centre as part of the company's revival strategy. "Bengaluru is the fifth biggest stations in the airline's extensive domestic network and well connected to other cities across the country and overseas," the company said in a statement later. --IANS fb/sm/dg SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Symphony presents magical ensemble New public art unveiling Saturday WWI pilgrimage: Local author discusses family saga of loss Vancouver woman pleads guilty to assaulting infant Cops find 3 pounds of meth after two searches, arrests of same man this month Vandals snap, uproot trees and bushes at under-construction Sorenson Park City cleans up streets around Share House WSU Vancouver among campuses with protests in wake of election Clark Talks: Podcast explores housing in county Rake-a-thon planned for Cape Horn trail City launches annual toy drive A year ago today, Korey Cochran learned he had a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer. The Vancouver father… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11/18 La Center’s Jack Hiller has history on his side James Harden has 3rd triple-double, Rockets beat Blazers Camas to host Pop Warner regionals Russell Wilson’s investment in arena 1st step for Seattle QB Clark volleyball wins NWAC Tournament opener Angels’ Trout, Cubs’ Bryant picked as baseball’s best Hunters wary of Shillapoo salmon habitat proposal Fishing report 11/17 State buys wildlife land near Merrill Lake Camas girls soccer team has one goal: No goals Papermakers have only allowed two goals all season Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Amazon taps merchants for warehouse space Six tips to navigate holiday travel at PDX Singletary: Trump’s election does not bode well for the CFPB Data: better payoff for public college career programs LinkedIn opens 8-megawatt Oregon data center Wells Fargo appoints new branch manager Humane Society names two new board members Wellness Center to open in Lincoln neighborhood Airbnb plans to add tours, activities Wells Fargo new accounts in big decline Six tips to navigate holiday travel at PDX Flying from Portland International Airport for the holidays? Be prepared for a lot of company at what Travel + Leisure… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Kelly shares history in Ailes lawsuit Symphony presents magical ensemble Dockery still good at being bad in new series Rare cranes making a comeback New on DVD: Two animated films both expand on originals ‘The Edge of Seventeen’ balances angst, laughs Weatherly pleased with legal drama ‘Bull’ ‘Bleed for This’ is familiar, boxing biopic Blind Onion is worth taking a closer look 27 movies for your holiday watch list Go, Ideas for your weekend: Run out for shopping, music and Shakespeare Take the weekend to plan for these local Thanksgiving running events. Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sewage Plan Good News Robinson: Trump will be president but he hasn’t earned our trust Letter: Left’s propaganda fails Letter: A chance to clean up Hanford Letter: Win is not a mandate Letter: Hope can overcome fear Letter: Riots are unacceptable In Our View: Secession Obsession Parker: Is Steve Bannon really as bad as he is made out to be? Letter: Hold leaders to high standards Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Vote ‘No’ on Emissions Tax Initiative 732 well-intentioned, but its benefits as advertised don’t add up Published: October 3, 2016, 6:03 AM A   A Initiative 732 is a well-intentioned measure that doesn’t quite add up. The Columbian’s Editorial Board recommends a “no” vote on the initiative, which is a proposal to create a tax on emissions for the state’s for most polluting companies while reducing the sales tax. As always, this is merely a recommendation designed to foster discussion. We trust the ability and desire of voters to examine the initiative before casting an informed ballot. Given the intensely important need to address climate change, Initiative 732 is deserving of such an examination. There is no doubt the earth has been warming over the past several decades, leaving whether or not human activity contributes to that as the only question; most scientists believe that it does. From that standpoint, the issue becomes one of what we should do about it, and which approaches will be most effective for dealing with the crisis while spurring economic growth rather than hampering it. Initiative 732 would impose a tax of $25 per ton upon the carbon content of fossil fuels emitted by companies, with the tax increasing over time. This would particularly hit businesses in the pulp and paper, forestry products, and food production industries. Meanwhile, the measure would reduce the state sales tax from 6.5 percent to 5.5 percent over two years. The initiative was designed to be revenue neutral for the state, with a reduction in sales-tax revenue being offset by an increase to taxes upon industry. Good idea, but analyses suggest that it falls short of its goal. The Office of Financial Management has estimated that state revenue would decline by $797 million during the first six years under I-732. This would pit efforts to combat climate change against public education, social services, and other necessary state expenditures. Supporters of Initiative 732 dispute these numbers, but the analyses lead to reasonable questions about how long it would take before the Legislature started inching the sales tax back toward its current level. Meanwhile, the measure also includes an $800 million tax break for the sale of airplanes by Boeing and others, a clause that advocates say was inadvertently included. Finally, I-732 fails to direct proceeds from the carbon tax toward bolstering a clean-energy economy. It simply transfers a portion of the tax burden from individuals to carbon-burning industries while advocating for no change in how revenue is spent. It also, realistically, would offset some of the savings for average families by generating increased energy costs. Per-capita, Washington ranks among the nation’s most effective states when it comes to limiting carbon emissions. The state’s environmentally conscious ethos and the good fortune of abundant hydroelectricity can be credited for that status, but we must not lose sight of the fact that there always is more that can be done. Even if one does not believe that human activity contributes to climate change — again, a vast majority of scientists believe that it does — there always are benefits to be found in reducing emissions and working to ensure clean water and clean air for ourselves and for future generations. But measures to further reduce emissions must undergo a strenuous cost-benefit analysis rather than become beholden to the notion that any strategy is a good strategy. For a variety of reasons, Initiative 732 does not stand up to that scrutiny, and The Columbian recommends that voters reject it at the ballot box. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. Updated 11/18/16 10:24 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:15 AM EST In nod to Trump, GOP likely to push Sessions through confirmation By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor But Democrats will probably put enormous pressure on centrist Republicans to block Sessions on the floor. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print AUSA conference kicks off today By Jeremy Herb 10/03/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro DRIVING THE DEFENSE WEEK — AUSA CONFERENCE KICKS OFF TODAY: The Association of the U.S. Army Annual Meeting and Exposition gets underway this morning, with the Army and its contractors’ hardware taking center stage at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. The three-day conference is always a major event on the defense tradeshow calendar and a chance to remind Washington that the big-dollar programs from the other services aren’t the only ones worth paying attention to. Story Continued Below Army Secretary Eric Fanning gives an early keynote address this morning, followed by a press conference with Fanning and Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley. The full schedule is here. Our colleague Ellen Mitchell and more POLITICO Pro Defense reporters will be on the ground, so follow all our coverage here. THE BATTLE FOR ALEPPO — THE SYRIAN MILITARY URGES REBELS TO SURRENDER, via The Associated Press: “Syrian rebels and pro-government forces clashed Sunday on several fronts around Aleppo, as the country's military command called on militants to lay down their weapons and evacuate the contested city. A day after pro-government forces captured the strategic al-Shuqeef hill north of the city, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported fierce fighting in areas near the hill and in the Bustan al-Basha neighborhood. “The two sides also clashed in Aleppo's southern Sheikh Saeed neighborhood. The government's attempt to penetrate Aleppo's opposition-held eastern side has been accompanied by a relentless campaign of airstrikes by Russian and Syrian warplanes. President Bashar Assad's forces are depending on the Russia bombardment and Iran-backed militias for support.” — ANOTHER HOSPITAL IS BOMBED, reports The Washington Post: “The largest hospital in eastern Aleppo was bombed Saturday for the second time in a week, killing and wounding more than a dozen patients as they recovered from earlier attacks. Doctors at the facility, known as M10, said the assault involved cluster munitions, barrel bombs and incendiary weapons, prompting mass panic and appeals for help. ‘The hospital is being destroyed. SOS, everyone,’ said ­Mohammad Abu Rajab, the hospital’s administrator and radiologist, in an audio message sent to journalists Saturday morning.” HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where things will be tense at Morning D this week with a one-game wild card game Wednesday between the San Francisco Giants (Jeremy’s team) and New York Mets (Zach’s team). Keep the tips, pitches and feedback coming at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Joseph Donovan was the first to correctly answer that Bert Shepherd, who lost his leg when his plane was shot down in World War II, was the first and only pitcher to play in a major league baseball game with an amputated leg. He pitched one game with the Washington Senators in 1945. Check back Friday for our next question. HAPPENING TODAY — RICHARDSON AT CSIS: Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson speaks this morning at a forum hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies and the U.S. Naval Institute. He’ll discuss maintaining maritime superiority as part of CSIS’ Maritime Security Dialogue, an event series sponsored by Lockheed Martin and Huntington Ingalls Industries. ALSO TODAY — PETRAEUS TALKS AFGHANISTAN: Retired Gen. David Petraeus, the former top U.S. commander in Afghanistan and CIA director, joins a Brookings Institution panel discussion this morning on charting a way forward in Afghanistan. Former Special Representative for Afghanistan/Pakistan James Dobbins, former U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ronald Neumann and Ambassador James Cunningham are also on the panel discussing a new paper on creating an enduring U.S.-Afghan partnership. TROUBLE IN COLOMBIA — PEACE DEAL REJECTED BY VOTERS, The New York Times has more here: “A Colombian peace deal that the president and the country’s largest rebel group had signed just days before was defeated in a referendum on Sunday, leaving the fate of a 52-year war suddenly uncertain. A narrow margin divided the yes-or-no vote, with 50.2 percent of Colombians rejecting the peace deal and 49.8 percent voting in favor, the government said. “The result was a deep embarrassment for President Juan Manuel Santos. Just last week, Mr. Santos had joined arms with leaders of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or the FARC, who apologized on national television during a signing ceremony. The surprise surge by the ‘no’ vote — nearly all major polls had indicated resounding approval — left the country in a dazed uncertainty not seen since Britain voted in June to leave the European Union. And it left the future of rebels who had planned to rejoin Colombia as civilians — indeed, the future of the war itself, which both sides had declared over — unknown.” ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two new U.S. Navy aircraft carriers will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. Learn more at acibc.org ** THE NEXT ADMINISTRATION — WHO WOULD TRUMP APPOINT AS AMBASSADORS? Our colleague Nahal Toosi reports U.S. diplomats are concerned about just who would get ambassadorships in a Trump administration: “America’s diplomats are shuddering at the notion that Donald Trump, if elected president, will send unqualified cronies around the world as ambassadors, exporting his bombastic style to sensitive jobs that represent the face of the United States. “As the presidential election draws closer, many career diplomats are uncertain about their future should the Republican presidential nominee and his unorthodox foreign policy positions triumph. And while plenty of them are wary of how Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton — a former secretary of state who will owe a lot of favors — will shape her administration, Trump is by far the bigger unknown. ‘He probably has no idea what the foreign service is,’ lamented one person with deep knowledge of the U.S. diplomatic corps. ‘At least with her we know who half the people who will get these jobs will be. With him, we have no idea.’” WAR REPORT — TALIBAN FIGHTERS RE-ENTER KUNDUZ, via Reuters: “Taliban fighters attacked the northern Afghan city of Kunduz overnight, entering urban areas and threatening a repeat of the assault in which they seized the city exactly a year ago. Sheer Ali Kamawal, commander of the 808 Tandar police zone in Kunduz, said the attack began at around midnight and fighting was going on in and around the city. Some Taliban fighters had entrenched themselves in homes. The fighters appear to have slipped through a defensive security line set up around Kunduz, entering the city itself before clashes broke out, witnesses in the city said.” POLITICO PRO Q&A — NASA ADMINISTRATOR CHARLES BOLDEN: “NASA Administrator Charles Bolden believes commercial companies are the fuel for deep space exploration, but he needs Congress to be on board. The retired Marine major general and former astronaut has led NASA since 2009, but has not always had the support of Congress. Since NASA's 2010 start of the commercial crew program, which would end reliance on Russian and launch astronauts on SpaceX and Boeing rockets, Congress has underfunded the program by more than $1 billion. “‘Not getting partisan at all, but people who talk about free enterprise and everything else, they just didn’t seem to be big into free enterprise when it came to commercial crew,’ Bolden said. ‘If we had gotten the funding when President [Barack] Obama asked for it, we probably would have been flying commercial crew last year, 2015. That was our target. Now, it will be 2018 before we finally fly.’ POLITICO’s Ellen Mitchell sat down with Bolden at NASA's Washington offices for a wide-ranging interview on Congress and space and reaching Mars, among other issues.” The full Q&A is here, for Pros. — LAWMAKERS TARGET SPACEX CERTIFICATION: “A bloc of House Republicans is pressing the Air Force to reconsider its certification of SpaceX for national security space launches following its two explosions in the last 15 months,” we report for POLITICO Pro. “The 10 lawmakers — led by Reps. Robert Aderholt of Alabama and Mike Coffman and Doug Lamborn, both of Colorado — sent a letter charging the Air Force certification ‘appears to have fallen short of ensuring reliable assured U.S. access to space for our most important payloads.’” — HUNTER RESPONDS FOR SPACEX: Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.), who has battled Coffman and Lamborn in House Armed Services space debates, wrote an op-ed in The Washington Times defending SpaceX for driving down the cost of spaceflight: “In addition to asking for a delay in the next round of bids for sensitive national security space launches, [United Launch Alliance] is making a point that cost should be de-emphasized in the source selection criteria for contract awards. Doing so would be far more catastrophic to the future success of American space launch than the loss of a single Falcon 9 rocket and commercial satellite. The requests should be rejected.” — PAROCHIAL INTERESTS: The SpaceX certification letter is led by lawmakers from Colorado and Alabama, where ULA is based and builds its rockets. And SpaceX is based in southern California, north of Hunter’s district. SPEED READ — How Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton would manage the military: Military Times — Women are emerging as potential terrorists for the Islamic State: NYT — Britain expects to trigger the formal process to exit the European Union by the end of March: The Wall Street Journal — Former lawmakers make millions lobbying for Saudi Arabia and other foreign governments: POLITICO — Russia warns the U.S. against attacking Syrian government forces: AP — The fight for Mosul is likely to involve tunnel warfare: Military Times — An Afghan airstrike kills five elite commandos and a policeman: WSJ — The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee says there’s “no doubt” Russia was behind recent hacks targeting state election systems: Reuters — The Pentagon paid half a billion dollars for fake insurgent videos: Bureau of Investigative Journalism — France increases its defense-equipment budget by 300 million euros: Defense News — Non-essential personnel are evacuated from the U.S. naval base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba because of Hurricane Matthew: Miami Herald — The sale of Lockheed Martin-made F-16s to Bahrain comes with strings attached: Bloomberg — How Gen. Lori Robinson defied the odds to become head of the U.S. Northern Command: Colorado Springs Gazette — The Navy’s proposed changes to its rating system proves controversial: Stars and Stripes — Air Force takes down Navy, 28-14: AP ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Congress Can Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two U.S. Navy Ford-class aircraft carriers, Enterprise (CVN 80) and the yet-to-be-named CVN 81, will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. The advance purchase of construction materials will mean reduced construction costs and greater efficiency in construction. Learn more at acibc.org ** « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump calms the chaos Trump's border wall may be collapsing National intelligence chief Clapper resigns David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Obama to anti-Trump protesters: Don't be silent Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE WEAPONS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Weapons Raytheon on target with CHAMP Robin Hughes, London - IHS Jane's Missiles & Rockets 03 October 2016 Key Points Air-based HPM weapon still not a USAF Program of Record Raytheon is also pursuing ground-based HPM applications Raytheon Missile Systems is on track to deliver two refurbished Counter-electronics High-power microwave Advanced Missile Project (CHAMP) air-launched electronic-attack effectors to the US Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) in early 2017. The upgraded CHAMP payload is being advanced under a USD4.8 million funding contract awarded by the AFRL in March 2016. The contract provides for the refurbishment of two US Air Force (USAF)-furnished Boeing AGM-86B Conventional Air-Launched Cruise Missiles (CALCMs), incorporating an upgraded high-power microwave (HPM) payload developed Ktech, a leading compact pulsed power systems engineering house acquired by Raytheon in June 2011. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (135 of 1020 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Weapons IHS Jane's International Defence Review WEAPONS Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Czech Army receives new Bren 2 assault rifle INFANTRY WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS Negotiations under way on additional equipment package for Indonesia's PKR frigate NAVAL WEAPONS WEAPONS Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Czech Army receives new Bren 2 assault rifle INFANTRY WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS Negotiations under way on additional equipment package for Indonesia's PKR frigate NAVAL WEAPONS IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW UK MoD, industry partner to develop deployable 3-D printer IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW UK to retire GWS 60 Harpoon at end of 2018 IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS UK MoD, industry partner to develop deployable 3-D printer MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT UK to retire GWS 60 Harpoon at end of 2018 NAVAL WEAPONS FEATURED REPORT The future is here: Australia progresses next-generation submarine 2016 has seen key developments in Australia's Sea 1000 Future Submarine programme. Julian Kerr sets out the progress in and process for delivering the Royal Australian Navy's new boat Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Friday, 18 November 2016 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview Minister: Iran, Airbus to Finalize Deal Soon News ID: 1203554 Service: Economy October, 03, 2016 - 15:39 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Iran’s Minister of Road and Urban Development Abbas Akhoundi Iran will finalize a contract with French plane manufacturer Airbus for purchase of jetliners in the near future. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Akhoundi said his ministry and Airbus representatives held negotiations in Tehran last week following the US decision to remove a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran under contracts signed after coming into force of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Tehran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France and Germany). “The contract with Airbus will be finalized soon,” he added. Akhoundi noted that talks with Boeing are also in progress with “positive attitude on part of both sides.” While the Western plane makers are impatient to begin trade with Iran, Washington still demands that even non-American manufacturers wishing to sell to Iran obtain an export license if their products include materials made in the United States. Airbus, based in Europe, buys more than 40 percent of all its aircraft parts from the US. During a visit to Paris in January by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Tehran signed the major contract with Airbus worth about $27 billion to buy 118 planes.  Iran also sealed a deal in June worth around $25 billion with the US aerospace heavyweight, Boeing, for the purchase of 100 passenger planes. R42340/P42410 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1203554 Related news September, 24, 2016 - 19:00 Airbus, Boeing Representatives Due in Tehran Later This Month: Minister September, 21, 2016 - 18:32 Airbus Given US License to Sell 17 Aircraft to Iran All Stories Volkswagen to Cut 30,000 Jobs at VW Brand by 2020 Russian Navy’s Research Vessel Berths at Iranian Port European Leaders, Obama Vow to Hold Fast to NATO Anti-DAPL Campaigner Reveals US Police Brutality against Protesters Asian Water Polo Championship: Iran Defeated by Japan Sweden Concerned over Israel's Settlement Bill Cleric Hits Back at US for Terrorism-Related Sanctions on Iran Dutch Prosecutors Seek Fine for Geert Wilders Chinese Astronauts Return to Earth after Longest Mission Shiite Muslims Converge on Karbala for Arbaeen Mourning Procession Iranian Athletes Claim Silver, Bronze at World Taekwondo Junior Championships Don’t Be Silent, Obama Tells Anti-Trump Protesters Taliban Conquer Afghan Police Station in Western Province Iraqi Forces Advance into Mosul, 1 Soldier Killed Saudi-Backed Mortar Attack Kills Dozens in Yemen Minister Urges Gradual Return of Iranian Pilgrims from Iraq Japan's PM Abe Meets Trump US House Votes to Bar Aircraft Sales to Iran × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.03%) 1 3,483 price_dollar (-0.08%) -3 3,938 price_eur -- 4,717 price_gbp -- 955 price_aed (0.09%) 10,000 10,950,000 sekeb (0.05%) 5,000 11,088,000 sekee (0.36%) 20,000 5,610,000 nim (0.34%) 10,000 2,950,000 rob (0.54%) 10,000 1,850,000 gerami (-0.04%) -460 1,104,270 geram18 (-0.04%) -620 1,472,000 geram24 (-0.04%) -2,000 4,788,000 mesghal (0.02%) 20 1,208.40 ons (0.11%) 100 921.00 platinum (0.06%) 1 16.62 silver (0.14%) 100 718.00 palladium (-0.18%) -8 44.97 oil (0.02%) 1 46.08 oil_brent (2.15%) 90 41.84 oil_opec (-0.02%) -12 79,268 bourse -- 1,236 price_try -- 541 price_cny (-20.83%) -5 19 price_jpy (0.07%) 2 2,745 price_cad (0.08%) 2 2,637 price_aud (0.78%) 20 2,570 price_nzd -- 3,627 price_chf (1.92%) 1 52 price_afn (0.24%) 1 415 price_sek (0.19%) 1 523 price_dkk -- 421 price_nok (-0.09%) -10 11,550 price_kwd (-0.53%) -5 940 price_sar (0.52%) 5 965 price_qar (-0.33%) -30 9,100 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd (-20%) -2 8 price_syp (-5%) -3 57 price_inr (2.94%) 1 34 price_pkr (0.38%) 10 2,660 price_sgd (1.06%) 5 470 price_hkd (0.34%) 3 880 price_myr -- 103 price_thb -- 58 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,280 price_azn (-0.54%) -50 9,250 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: جمعه ۲۸ آبان - ۱۹:۳۹ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Job Market/ About ShippingWatch/ Subscription/ Advertising/ RSS/ 18 November 2016 Login Frontpage Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Danish Version Container Tanker Bulk Svitzer's new CEO for Australia communicates with selfies Carriers: With his new title as CEO of Svitzer Australia, Steffen Risager often runs into "Australian coffee snobs" and communicates on a daily basis taking selfies around the large continent. Now he has to start thinking before he speaks. ShippingWatch has met the CEO of Svitzer's largest market. BY MAJA HALD Published 03.10.16 at 12:34 Log in to read articles Some of our content is exclusively for subscribers. Log in Try ShippingWatch free for 14 days Get 14 days free trial access Create your personal login here Sign up for ShippingWatch newsletter Most read Carriers Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Carriers: Wan Hai – the world's 17th largest container carrier – has been brought to its knees by the dire market for container shipping, according to Lloyd's List, as profits shrunk significantly in the third quarter this year. The carrier has rejected a merger proposal. Read article Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Carriers: Paradoxically, Maersk's own solution to split its business has hit the transport and energy conglomerate, after Standard & Poor's downgraded its credit rating, say several sources. Standard & Poor's is now considering dropping the rating down another notch. Read article Test your ShippingIQ Carriers: Are you up-to-date with the most important events in the international shipping industry in the past week? Have a crack at our new quiz and get the chance to win an Apple Watch. Read article Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration Carriers: US businessman Carl Icahn writes on Twitter that Donald Trump is considering appointing venture capitalist Wilbur Ross to head the Treasury and Commerce departments. Not everyone is happy at the prospect. Read article Here are the world's richest shipping families Carriers: The shipping business has been particularly noted for creating massive family fortunes around the world. The Maersk family occupies the 2nd place on Alphaliner's list of the 21 richest shipping families. Read article This is how Trump's victory will impact shipping and oil Carriers: Container carriers are at risk of taking a big blow if Donald Trump makes good on his threats to close the US further off from the rest of the world. Forwarders will likewise be hit, while oil companies stand to benefit, according to several analysts after the dramatic election results came in. Read article Current front page Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Bulk: Danish Ocean7Projects has lost five MPP and heavy lift vessels after a major bank demanded that the owner, Dutch Abis Shipping, sell them. The Port of Rotterdam is full with laid up vessels. Read article New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Bulk: The emerging dry bulk recovery has so far sidestepped J. Lauritzen, and the carrier is now also preparing for a downturn in the gas sector. "Of course we'd much rater be making money," the carrier's new CEO, Mads P. Zacho, tells ShippingWatch. Read article Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation Bulk: The two executives suspended last week have now been fired by mining company Rio Tinto. This occurred after an internal investigation of a case concerning a mining project in Guinea, after a 2011 incident where millions of dollars were paid out to a consultant with ties to the president at the time. Read article Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 Offshore: Offshore carrier Deep Sea Supply finished the latest quarter with a setback across the board, and the company does not expect any market improvement on the short and medium term. Read article Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 Tanker: Hafnia Tankers suffered a net loss of USD 2.2 million in the third quarter, including one-off items. And rates in the final months of 2016 look similarly weak, notes the carrier. Read article India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries Carriers: Southeast Asia is still the preferred location for scrapping vessels among shipowners. A survey by NGO Shipbreaking Platform shows that most vessels were recycled in India in the third quarter, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan. Read article RSS  Print Related articles Svitzer's biggest market depends on three gas contracts Svitzer appoints new Managing Director for Australia Svitzer acquires Australian contracts from competitor ADVERTISEMENT Latest Carriers Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale This week's top stories on ShippingWatch India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter See all ADVERTISEMENT Newsletter Receive English newsletter from ShippingWatch Danish newsletter?Terms See allLatest Articles Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale (15:17) This week's top stories on ShippingWatch (15:04) India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries (15:02) New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter (14:37) Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter (12:33) Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 (12:33) Test your ShippingIQ (11:07) Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 (10:24) Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation (09:48) Africa and the Middle East hit Topaz with deficit (09:11) J. Lauritzen lowers full-year guidance for 2016 (09:10) Investors regaining faith in dry bulk (17.11) Daewoo labor union agrees to layoffs under restructuring (17.11) Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits (17.11) Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels (17.11) See selected Vacancies UECC is looking for a professional Key Account Manager to join our Team of Sales Executives in our Sales & Marketing Department 07-11-16 Experienced dry bulk operator, Alpina Chartering 16-11-16 Head of Procurement at UltraShip 04-11-16 North Sea Shipbrokers seeking experienced shipbroker 10-10-16 Senior Service Sales Manager, Aarhus 11-11-16 NPC Projects is looking for a breakbulk operator 15-11-16 Most Read Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Investors regaining faith in dry bulk Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels Test your ShippingIQ MSC and Maersk own most of the unpopular Panamaxes Maersk bonds close to falling in with bad crowd Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration DNB scaling down exposure to shipping and offshore ADVERTISEMENT ShippingWatch uses cookies to remember your settings, statistics and focus advertisements. When you continue to use the website you accept our cookies. Read more News Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Companies People Terms Trades Article archive ShippingWatch UK About us Tip us off Contact us Advertising Subscription Services Danish Version RSS Newsletter Receive English newsletter, afternoon ShippingWatch - St. Regnegade 12, 2nd floor, 1110 Copenhagen K, Denmark - +45 3330 8360 - shippingwatch@shippingwatch.dk - Copyright © JP/Politikens Hus 2012
Job Market/ About ShippingWatch/ Subscription/ Advertising/ RSS/ 18 November 2016 Login Frontpage Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Danish Version Container Tanker Bulk Photo: Dimitri Messinis/AP/POLFOTO EU fears tonnage tax exploitation in several countries Carriers: According to Director of the EU Commission, Henrik Mørch, many EU nations are on the periphery of state aid regulations, because tonnage tax regimes have been expanded to include more than was originally intended, such as offshore, writes Lloyd's List. BY OLE ANDERSEN Published 03.10.16 at 09:50 Log in to read articles Some of our content is exclusively for subscribers. Log in Try ShippingWatch free for 14 days Get 14 days free trial access Create your personal login here Sign up for ShippingWatch newsletter Most read Carriers Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Carriers: Wan Hai – the world's 17th largest container carrier – has been brought to its knees by the dire market for container shipping, according to Lloyd's List, as profits shrunk significantly in the third quarter this year. The carrier has rejected a merger proposal. Read article Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Carriers: Paradoxically, Maersk's own solution to split its business has hit the transport and energy conglomerate, after Standard & Poor's downgraded its credit rating, say several sources. Standard & Poor's is now considering dropping the rating down another notch. Read article Test your ShippingIQ Carriers: Are you up-to-date with the most important events in the international shipping industry in the past week? Have a crack at our new quiz and get the chance to win an Apple Watch. Read article Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration Carriers: US businessman Carl Icahn writes on Twitter that Donald Trump is considering appointing venture capitalist Wilbur Ross to head the Treasury and Commerce departments. Not everyone is happy at the prospect. Read article Here are the world's richest shipping families Carriers: The shipping business has been particularly noted for creating massive family fortunes around the world. The Maersk family occupies the 2nd place on Alphaliner's list of the 21 richest shipping families. Read article This is how Trump's victory will impact shipping and oil Carriers: Container carriers are at risk of taking a big blow if Donald Trump makes good on his threats to close the US further off from the rest of the world. Forwarders will likewise be hit, while oil companies stand to benefit, according to several analysts after the dramatic election results came in. Read article Current front page Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Bulk: Danish Ocean7Projects has lost five MPP and heavy lift vessels after a major bank demanded that the owner, Dutch Abis Shipping, sell them. The Port of Rotterdam is full with laid up vessels. Read article New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Bulk: The emerging dry bulk recovery has so far sidestepped J. Lauritzen, and the carrier is now also preparing for a downturn in the gas sector. "Of course we'd much rater be making money," the carrier's new CEO, Mads P. Zacho, tells ShippingWatch. Read article Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation Bulk: The two executives suspended last week have now been fired by mining company Rio Tinto. This occurred after an internal investigation of a case concerning a mining project in Guinea, after a 2011 incident where millions of dollars were paid out to a consultant with ties to the president at the time. Read article Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 Offshore: Offshore carrier Deep Sea Supply finished the latest quarter with a setback across the board, and the company does not expect any market improvement on the short and medium term. Read article Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 Tanker: Hafnia Tankers suffered a net loss of USD 2.2 million in the third quarter, including one-off items. And rates in the final months of 2016 look similarly weak, notes the carrier. Read article India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries Carriers: Southeast Asia is still the preferred location for scrapping vessels among shipowners. A survey by NGO Shipbreaking Platform shows that most vessels were recycled in India in the third quarter, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan. Read article RSS  Print Related articles Danish tonnage tax to include mobile rigs from 2016 Greek shipping's tax fears resurface EU challenges taxation for Greek shipping ADVERTISEMENT Latest Carriers Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale This week's top stories on ShippingWatch India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter See all ADVERTISEMENT Newsletter Receive English newsletter from ShippingWatch Danish newsletter?Terms See allLatest Articles Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale (15:17) This week's top stories on ShippingWatch (15:04) India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries (15:02) New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter (14:37) Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter (12:33) Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 (12:33) Test your ShippingIQ (11:07) Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 (10:24) Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation (09:48) Africa and the Middle East hit Topaz with deficit (09:11) J. Lauritzen lowers full-year guidance for 2016 (09:10) Investors regaining faith in dry bulk (17.11) Daewoo labor union agrees to layoffs under restructuring (17.11) Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits (17.11) Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels (17.11) See selected Vacancies Senior Service Sales Manager, Aarhus 11-11-16 Head of Procurement at UltraShip 04-11-16 Experienced dry bulk operator, Alpina Chartering 16-11-16 North Sea Shipbrokers seeking experienced shipbroker 10-10-16 UECC is looking for a professional Key Account Manager to join our Team of Sales Executives in our Sales & Marketing Department 07-11-16 NPC Projects is looking for a breakbulk operator 15-11-16 Most Read Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Investors regaining faith in dry bulk Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels Test your ShippingIQ MSC and Maersk own most of the unpopular Panamaxes Maersk bonds close to falling in with bad crowd Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration DNB scaling down exposure to shipping and offshore ADVERTISEMENT ShippingWatch uses cookies to remember your settings, statistics and focus advertisements. When you continue to use the website you accept our cookies. Read more News Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Companies People Terms Trades Article archive ShippingWatch UK About us Tip us off Contact us Advertising Subscription Services Danish Version RSS Newsletter Receive English newsletter, afternoon ShippingWatch - St. Regnegade 12, 2nd floor, 1110 Copenhagen K, Denmark - +45 3330 8360 - shippingwatch@shippingwatch.dk - Copyright © JP/Politikens Hus 2012
null


National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller Fatal consequences of miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers ANNA PATTY Last updated 13:08, October 3 2016 BOB RIHA JR Miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers are cited as a key reason for many aviation accidents. Communication failures have been blamed for more than a thousand deaths in plane crashes, warns an academic who has reviewed the language pilots and air traffic controllers use.   Dominique Estival, a Western Sydney University linguist, pilot and flight instructor has urged native English speakers to adjust their communication in the aviation industry to reduce the risk of misunderstanding by non-English speaking pilots. Estival said she has heard pilots in Australia saying "cleared for the big smoke" when cleared for takeoff, which was potentially dangerous in a situation where they were communicating with a non-English speaker. BOB RIHA JR Language barriers between pilots and air traffic controllers are contributing to deaths, says expert. So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. Read more: * Plane makes a hairy landing in a strong crosswind  * Mother sues JetBlue for flying 5-year-old son to wrong city * Worker locked in cargo hold forces plane to divert   JACKY NAEGELEN Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. But in her new book Aviation English, Estival warns that some terms commonly used have been misunderstood, with fatal consequences. Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. Given that radio communication is the main means of communication between air traffic controllers and pilots, effective communication "is crucial for aviation safety". ?? Charles Platiau / Reuters Other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" . "The study of aviation communication sheds light on our understanding of English, and differences between native English speakers and speakers of English as a second language in high risk situations," Dr Estival said. "Effective communication is paramount in ensuring the success of the global aviation industry." Ad Feedback Estival said an investigation of a runway collision between two Boeing 747s in the Canary Islands in 1977 revealed the Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency may have contributed to the accident. The accident, involving a Pan Am jumbo and a KLM plane, claimed the lives of 583 people — making it the deadliest accident in aviation history. FRANCOIS LENOIR So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. A transcript of cockpit communication leading to the 1990 crash of Avianca flight 52 in New York revealed the pilot did not declare an emergency situation when he reported being low on fuel. The plane crew reported "running out of fuel" instead of signalling an emergency situation with the words "Mayday" or "Pan Pan", another international distress signal. "While in plain English, 'we're running out of fuel'  may sound like a declaration of emergency, in the context of controller-pilot communications, where there is a specific prescribed phraseology for the declaration of an emergency, this statement would not be interpreted as such," Estival said. The statement could, and apparently was, interpreted as a mere concern and not an emergency situation. The plane crashed after running out of fuel. Estival said other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" and using terms for numbers such as "nina" for nine. "Not knowing the right terminology, phraseology and using the exact words can be deadly important," she said. Plane crashes where poor communication may have contributed to disaster:  - Tenerife Airport Disaster (1977): Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency - Avianca Flight 52 (1990): Did not declare an emergency when reporting it was running out of fuel. - Linate Airport Disaster (2001): Poor radio communication - Dan Air Flight 1008 (1980): Pilot appears to have mistaken "inbound" for "outbound" and flew in the wrong direction. - American Airlines Flight 965 (1995): An air traffic controller's lack of English proficiency  - Sydney Morning Herald Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Travel Troubles story: Tourists hid from officials to keep taking photos as Indonesian volcano erupted Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Capital cruise visit will go ahead Air NZ's new safety video Who ordered the cockroach? Breakfast with the giraffes Been there, done that Great walks and tramps in Fiordland Rolling Stones' exhibition opens Keep calm and carry-on Blast for caravans at airshow Mammoth journey to buy a plane Thailand: Open for business Doing it like the locals do Run the world for fun Councils buy beach park Shiny Dubai from the sky Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 23 foods you might be saying wrong special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller Fatal consequences of miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers ANNA PATTY Last updated 13:08, October 3 2016 BOB RIHA JR Miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers are cited as a key reason for many aviation accidents. Communication failures have been blamed for more than a thousand deaths in plane crashes, warns an academic who has reviewed the language pilots and air traffic controllers use.   Dominique Estival, a Western Sydney University linguist, pilot and flight instructor has urged native English speakers to adjust their communication in the aviation industry to reduce the risk of misunderstanding by non-English speaking pilots. Estival said she has heard pilots in Australia saying "cleared for the big smoke" when cleared for takeoff, which was potentially dangerous in a situation where they were communicating with a non-English speaker. BOB RIHA JR Language barriers between pilots and air traffic controllers are contributing to deaths, says expert. So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. Read more: * Plane makes a hairy landing in a strong crosswind  * Mother sues JetBlue for flying 5-year-old son to wrong city * Worker locked in cargo hold forces plane to divert   JACKY NAEGELEN Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. But in her new book Aviation English, Estival warns that some terms commonly used have been misunderstood, with fatal consequences. Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. Given that radio communication is the main means of communication between air traffic controllers and pilots, effective communication "is crucial for aviation safety". ?? Charles Platiau / Reuters Other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" . "The study of aviation communication sheds light on our understanding of English, and differences between native English speakers and speakers of English as a second language in high risk situations," Dr Estival said. "Effective communication is paramount in ensuring the success of the global aviation industry." Ad Feedback Estival said an investigation of a runway collision between two Boeing 747s in the Canary Islands in 1977 revealed the Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency may have contributed to the accident. The accident, involving a Pan Am jumbo and a KLM plane, claimed the lives of 583 people — making it the deadliest accident in aviation history. FRANCOIS LENOIR So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. A transcript of cockpit communication leading to the 1990 crash of Avianca flight 52 in New York revealed the pilot did not declare an emergency situation when he reported being low on fuel. The plane crew reported "running out of fuel" instead of signalling an emergency situation with the words "Mayday" or "Pan Pan", another international distress signal. "While in plain English, 'we're running out of fuel'  may sound like a declaration of emergency, in the context of controller-pilot communications, where there is a specific prescribed phraseology for the declaration of an emergency, this statement would not be interpreted as such," Estival said. The statement could, and apparently was, interpreted as a mere concern and not an emergency situation. The plane crashed after running out of fuel. Estival said other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" and using terms for numbers such as "nina" for nine. "Not knowing the right terminology, phraseology and using the exact words can be deadly important," she said. Plane crashes where poor communication may have contributed to disaster:  - Tenerife Airport Disaster (1977): Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency - Avianca Flight 52 (1990): Did not declare an emergency when reporting it was running out of fuel. - Linate Airport Disaster (2001): Poor radio communication - Dan Air Flight 1008 (1980): Pilot appears to have mistaken "inbound" for "outbound" and flew in the wrong direction. - American Airlines Flight 965 (1995): An air traffic controller's lack of English proficiency  - Sydney Morning Herald Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Travel Troubles story: Tourists hid from officials to keep taking photos as Indonesian volcano erupted Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Capital cruise visit will go ahead Air NZ's new safety video Who ordered the cockroach? Breakfast with the giraffes Been there, done that Great walks and tramps in Fiordland Rolling Stones' exhibition opens Keep calm and carry-on Blast for caravans at airshow Mammoth journey to buy a plane Thailand: Open for business Doing it like the locals do Run the world for fun Councils buy beach park Shiny Dubai from the sky Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 23 foods you might be saying wrong special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 16:09 GMT, Nov 18, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica SpaceX rocket explosion: Rival firm’s building inspected as part of investigation – report Published time: 2 Oct, 2016 07:59 Get short URL © Richard Mrázek / YouTube A SpaceX employee, investigating the September 1 rocket explosion, asked for access to a roof of the building operated by the company’s long-time rival, the Washington Post reported. Still images from the video of the blast were the reason for the request. The images show a shadow, then a white spot on the roof of a nearby building belonging to United Launch Alliance (ULA), the newspaper said citing three industry sources familiar with the investigation. Read more Watch as massive fireball engulfs SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket (VIDEOS) The building is used for refurbishing rocket motors and is located about a mile from the Cape Canaveral Launchpad, where the SpaceX rocket exploded. Its roof has the launchpad in a clear line of sight. The encounter between the SpaceХ employee and the representatives of ULA was described as “cordial, not accusatory” in the report. Nevertheless, the SpaceX employee was not allowed in. ULA instead invited Air Force investigators, who found nothing suspicious on the roof. The Falcon 9 rocket exploded during fueling ahead of an engine test fire. About a week into the explosion, SpaceX chief Elon Musk said the company did not rule out sabotage as a possible cause while describing the incident as “the most difficult and complex” in the company’s 14-year history. Investigators have since reported that they have narrowed down the cause to a breach in the helium line of the second stage. SpaceX is being assisted by NASA and the US Air Force with the probe. Neither would comment on the ULA building visit, citing the ongoing investigation. Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years.— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 9, 2016 SpaceX and ULA are competing for launch contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars. ULA, an alliance between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, enjoyed a decades-long monopoly providing space services for the US military, until SpaceX sued the Air Force in 2014 for the right to compete. SpaceX’s cause won sympathy among some US lawmakers, who criticized ULA for its dependence on Russian-made engines used in the Atlas V rockets. The Falcon 5 explosion has cast doubt over SpaceX’s other ambition – to provide manned space launches for NASA, according to Ars Technica. The US space agency is mulling buying trips to the International Space Station from Russia in 2019, the website reporting citing industry sources. Since retiring the Space Shuttle program in 2011, NASA has had no domestic capability to fly manned space mission and has purchased trips in Russian Soyuz capsules. SpaceX and Boeing are both developing capsules that would make the US a fully space-capable nation again. Boeing has pushed back its schedule from late 2017 to early 2018, and the SpaceX disaster seems to make a similar delay inevitable. NASA planners are concerned that neither company will be able to deliver on time and are considering a Russian contingency plan. Negotiations over additional Soyuz launches would have to take place soon considering that each spaceship requires several years of planning and production time. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad New twist in SpaceX rocket blast probe By Afp Published: 20:54 EST, 1 October 2016 | Updated: 20:54 EST, 1 October 2016 e-mail The mysterious explosion of a SpaceX rocket last month took an odd turn with a "cordial" encounter between staff of Elon Musk's firm and fierce rival United Launch Alliance, The Washington Post reported. No one was hurt in the September 1 blast, which came as the unmanned Falcon 9 rocket was being fueled ahead of a standard, pre-launch test in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Musk is rushing to revolutionize the launch industry by making rocket components reusable. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes at Cape Canaveral, Florida, on September 1, 2016 ©NASA TV (NASA TV/AFP/File) And the accident -- the second of its kind since SpaceX was founded in 2002 -- came just over a year after a Falcon 9 rocket failed after liftoff on June 28, 2015, destroying a Dragon cargo capsule bound for the International Space Station (ISS). Before that, SpaceX had logged 18 successful launches of the Falcon 9 -- including six of 12 planned supply missions to the ISS carried out as part of a $1.6 billion contract with NASA. During their investigation SpaceX officials found something suspicious they wanted to check out, the Post said, quoting three industry officials with knowledge of the episode. SpaceX had still images from video that seemed to show a shadow, then a white spot on the roof of a nearby building belonging to ULA, the Post said. ULA is a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing. So a SpaceX employee visited ULA facilities at Cape Canaveral, Florida and asked for access to the roof at one ULA building that had a close line of sight to the SpaceX launch. The visit was cordial, not accusatory. The ULA people denied access, but notified the Air Force, which inspected the roof and found nothing connected to the blast, the Post said. The United Launch Alliance is a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing and a fierce rival to Elon Musk's SpaceX ©NASA / Joel Kowsky (NASA/AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories Judge dismisses misconduct charge for ex-Rep.Todd Courser MOT names new principal conductor as search continues to replace DiChiera Michigan's economy poised to grow, but state on path of underperformance Ford, UAW commit $6 million toward $50 million Motown Museum project GM opens first company store in Renaissance Center HQ Third Wave Music store plans opening celebration in Midtown State appeals order to make Flint water deliveries National health care panel weighs in on possible post-Obamacare world Is razing the CPA Building DOA? Maybe Owner making plans for long-vacant Kmart HQ in Troy Special Report 2016 Eureka Index: 25 most innovative companies × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business, advertising, marketing, media, transportation and film industry Chad Halcom - Law, the defense industry and Macomb and Oakland counties Dustin Walsh - Manufacturing, auto suppliers, economics and business of law Jay Greene - Health care, energy, environment Kirk Pinho - Real estate, city of Detroit Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Sherri Welch - Nonprofits, arts, culture, retail, hospitality, the casinos, staffing and services City Moments Jennette Smith - Economics, media and Detroit biz culture. Daniel Duggan - Economic Indicators Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries October 03, 2016 5:52 p.m. Updated Military awards could send $200 million in business to companies with Michigan operations By Chad Halcom Comments Email Print Macomb County General Dynamics Land Systems Defense Contracts Military contractors in Michigan could see $200 million or more of new business over the next five years from awards and production orders through the U.S. Department of Defense in the past several days. Sterling Heights-based General Dynamics Land Systems will receive $92.1 million to furnish 45 system enhancement packages for the Abrams M1A2 battle tank within the next two years under a new contract awarded through Army Contracting Command at the U.S. Army Tacom Life Cycle Management Command in Warren. Meanwhile, sometimes rival AM General LLC, the Indiana vehicle contractor with an engineering and product development center in Livonia, will receive just more than $151 million in new contracts and modifications to previous awards to supply Humvees to two foreign countries and the National Guard and Army Reserves, the contractor announced today. The company will supply 433 Humvees of two different models to Afghanistan, under the federal Foreign Military Sales program, as well as 40 Humvee ambulance units to Ukraine and 237 ambulance Humvees for the Guard and Reserves. The new awards will cover production vehciles, spare parts and vehicle kits and training. A joint venture of Pontiac-based W4 Construction Group LLC will also share in a multiple award design-build contract through the U.S. Air Force Materiel Command, worth up to a possible $150 million, along with Farah Construction Inc. and Rio Vista Management, both of Utah. The joint venture company, W4-DMS-JV, and the other two winning contractors were selected among nine bidders and will compete for various construction and maintenance-repair work orders, all to be managed by the 75th Civil Engineering Group at Hill Air Force Base in Utah, through September 2021. Also, Cadillac-based AAR Manufacturing Inc. won a second option year modification to a previous two-year base contract, worth up to a maximum $43 million, to supply shipping and storage containers. This is a fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment contract. The new award, Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support in Philadelphia, runs through October 2017. Finally, Chicago-based Boeing Co. will source an estimated 42 percent of the work in Grand Rapids under a new $7.7 million contract with the Naval Supply Systems Command Fleet Logistics Center, for technical requirement documents, system specifications, provisioning data and other services that will help establish depot maintenance capabilities for the P-8A Poseidon aircraft at a fleet readiness center in Jacksonville, Fla. Related Links U.S. approval may benefit 2 defense businesses in Sterling Heights Ann Arbor company wins Army contract for spider-silk material Amended bill may open door for upgrade of A-10 aircraft wings Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business Crain's Job Connect About Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Classified advertising 2016 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Advertising Opportunities People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE November 13, 2016 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
Friday, November 18, 2016 Weather: 37° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Patrol dog hit by car while chasing suspect is recovering Concerns about Trump impact on ag trade, labor Temporary closure set for Highway 20 More Headlines Dry Gulch seasonal trail closure  Frank’s Pond to host Black Friday fishing for kids  Rufus Woods: City seeks nominees for social justice awards  Boy, hit by car, improves at Seattle hospital  This week’s gas prices  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Wenatchee Valley native O'Connell named semifinalist for Outland Trophy Prep girls soccer state tournament preview: Kodiaks ready for final push in title pursuit Eastmont, Wenatchee girls bowling teams cruise to victory once again More Headlines Everybody Out | Skiing up to Round Mountain  WIAA executive board approves RPI committee for seeding  WSU’s Barber granted stay of suspension, back on team  Rawls ready, Michael cut  National semifinal? Cotton Bowl? Rose Bowl? Anything is possible for Huskies  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Wilf Woods | Sharing community successes Common Ground | Success Summit generates powerful local stories Tracy Warner | No Donalds in Canada More Headlines George Will | Democrats and their theater of pointless gestures  Rufus Woods: City seeks nominees for social justice awards  Wilf Woods: ‘Tis the season for giving  Kathleen Parker | Coming to the White House  Safety Valve | Letters from readers  Other Opinion Local Solutions Donald Ray Arbogast Leonard W. Regan Jane Ellen Mathison More Headlines Marly Elizabeth Saunders  Funeral Service Directory  Jim Williamson  Herbert Horton  Carl V. Lewis  Meet Wenatchee's newest theater group: A Q&A with Full Circle Theatre Company Festival of Trees fundraiser returns this weekend Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Nov. 18-24  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  ‘A ski film for the rest of us:” North 40 Productions’ ‘Lifted’ pays homage to Mission Ridge  Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks this week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Millennials, we can teach our parents A Life with God | Thanksgiving past, present, future St. Paul&#8217;s offers holiday services More Headlines Contest challenges teens to create interpretive videos  Mysterious Yakima suitcase filled with family artifacts  Seminar includes three teaching sessions  Annual Christmas Concert will be held Dec. 4  Smartphones might mean sleep trouble for kids  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Price is Right Live @ TTC on Dec.4th @ 7pm photos Photo Gallery: Cashmere honors veterans photos Photo Galley: Election night 2016 More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Lakeside in playoff soccer Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls beat Moses Lake in soccer Photo Gallery: April Drive House Fire Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Naches Valley in soccer Photo Gallery: Celebrating Día de los Muertos Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Hillary Schwirtlich | Fun with fungi Everyday Business | Famous Footwear to kickoff new store in East Wenatchee Both Knight teams tip-off the 2016-17 basketball season this weekend More Headlines Dave Bartholomew | Actions speak louder than words WHS swimmers 2nd at state for second time in four years Everyday Business | Toolbox to close Winemaker's Journal -- Cairdeas takes best of show at Tri-Cities Wine Fest Greg Asimakoupoulos | Remembering a veteran who modeled gratitude Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Today Hi44° Mostly Cloudy Tonight Lo35° Slight Chance Showers then Rain Likely Saturday Hi43° Rain Likely then Chance Rain Saturday Night Lo35° Chance Rain Sunday Hi45° Chance Rain Sunday Night Lo37° Slight Chance Showers then Mostly Cloudy Monday Hi49° Partly Sunny Monday Night Lo35° Mostly Cloudy Tuesday Hi44° Chance Rain Tuesday Night Lo34° Chance Rain More for you:Northwest Kittitas solar farm gets approval to move forward  U.S. Sen. Murray elected Assistant Democratic Leader  Shooter in 2014 Seattle campus attack found guilty  Neighbor’s tree ruined your fence? You’ll pay  Fire destroys home  Nursing assistant found beaten faces charges  Supreme Court begins Arlene’s Flowers case Tuesday  Injured hunter rescued  Latinos in Yakima say they remain hopeful despite concerns  3 more children hospitalized with rare, polio-like illness  Profs didn’t cancel classes to protest election, WSU says  Inmate dies in Thurston County jail  Hanford takes $23 million step toward safer waste storage  Mount Vernon High School students protest Trump  Irrigation plan in Horse Heaven Hills leaves wheat farmers frustrated  A lesson for teachers: Parents arent the enemy, study says by By Claudia RoweThe Seattle Times Oct. 3, 2016, 9:10 a.m. Send to Kindle SEATTLE — Teacher-training schools have long been punching bags for those unhappy with public education and its results. Some critics complain the programs accept low-skilled teacher candidates. Others point out that teachers-in-training rarely interact with the communities where they will soon work, which often leads to misunderstandings and mistrust when most educators are from the white middle class and their students are, increasingly, low-income kids of color. Ken Zeichner, Boeing Professor of Teacher Education at the University of Washington, agrees… Stay with the story. Get full access to The Wenatchee World online for just pennies a day! For as little as 27 cents a day, you can have complete access to all the local news, photos and video content from North Central Washington's primary news source. Read on any device, whether smartphone, tablet or computer. Your online access is free with any print subscription. Or, subscribe online only by the month or year. Note: If you are already a print subscriber but haven't yet activated your online account, click here to complete the activation process. View my options or Sign in Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2016 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy Look!We've got special online subscription rates for you. Get 24-hour access to wenatcheeworld.com AND the Digital Edition. Just $12 for twelve weeks, introductory price. Offer only good until October 31. SUBSCRIBE NOW Wenatchee World subscribers: Digital access is included with your subscription. Subscriber login
null
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 3 October 2016 Garuda’s US return to generate 5% of 2017 revenue MONTREAL: Garuda, Indonesia’s national carrier, expects its return to the United States next year with three flights a week to generate about 5% of the airline’s top-line passenger revenue for 2017, its chief executive said. The airline is now negotiating rights to start service from Jakarta to Los Angeles via Japan, chief executive officer Arif Wibowo said in an interview. He said that the new flights would be a “milestone” for Garuda, which reported US$3.81bil in total operating revenues in 2015. Garuda’s plans follow an August announcement by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that Indonesia’s aviation safety performance now meets international standards, allowing its carriers to fly to the United States. The FAA removed the ability of the country’s carriers to fly to the United States in 2007. Garuda is also considering a route to New York via Europe, where it flies to Amsterdam and London. “What we are aiming is to ... grab market between Indonesia and the US,” Wibowo told Reuters late Thursday on the sidelines of a United Nations aviation assembly in Montreal. “We can start from three flights per week. Eventually we are also aiming to become a daily flight.” Traffic between the United States and Indonesia is about 400,000 passengers a year, he said. Garuda is publicly traded but the Indonesian government is its largest shareholder with a 60% stake. The fast-growing carrier is in negotiations with planemaker Boeing Co and rival Airbus Group SE for at least 22 wide-body planes to replace A330s that the carrier has on an operating lease, Wibowo said. – Reuters Tags / Keywords: aviation Related Stories Swiss company RUAG to make Malaysia its regional MRO centre MAS bets on China, eyes IPO in 2019 Capt Izham Ismail named Malaysia Airlines COO Izham appointed Malaysia Airlines chief operations officer Mavcom revises airport passenger service charges You May Be Interested Ringgit, KLCI continue to fall MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Airbnb, San Francisco must work harder to resolve lawsuit: judge Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Musa tables RM3.78bil surplus budget for Sabah SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Most Viewed in Business Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Musa tables RM3.78bil surplus budget for Sabah Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Ringgit, KLCI continue to fall advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
