Tue, 28 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Hong Kong Airlines Appoints George Liu as Chief Marketing Officer Hong Kong Airlines has appointed George Liu as Chief Marketing Officer (CMO). Heading up Hong Kong Airlines’ Branding and Customer Experience Department, Mr Liu’s role will be instrumental in leading the airline’s branding, marketing, communications, and customer experience in line with the overall company transition and business expansion from a regional airline to an international carrier. Mr Liu brings to the position over 25 years of experience in brand strategy, marketing, communications, customer relations and government affairs, with successful track records supporting companies around the world. Mr Liu previously served as the Director, Airline Global Brand & Marketing at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, based in the United States for 10 years where he managed strategic partnerships with customer airlines in establishing, enhancing and refreshing their brands globally and supported their launching of new international routes. He also spearheaded Boeing’s global “Brand Academy” initiative. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Communications at Boeing China.  Mr Liu has also held numerous senior management positions with renowned agencies including Weber Shandwick and Golin/Harris, now part of Inter Public Group, and represented the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in the U.S., by working closely with Washington DC-based think tanks, the U.S. Congress and the media to build “an army of advocates”. Mr Wang Liya, President of Hong Kong Airlines, said, "Mr Liu’s proven track record in brand marketing and expertise in the aviation/airline industry will be invaluable as the company enters its next growth phase and broadens its global reach. Upon Mr Liu’s appointment, the company has also pioneered to combine branding and customer experience functions, aiming to uplift the company’s customer-centric service culture by integrating customer’s needs, experience, feedbacks and expectations with branding, marketing and overall service enhancement.” Mr Liu holds a Master of Arts degree in sociology from the Ohio University, and studied in the Ph.D. program in crisis management at George Mason University. See other recent news regarding: Hong Kong Airlines, CMO, Marketing, Hong Kong. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Mexico Attracted 35 Million Int. Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30 March APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Appoints COO - U.K. and Spain Vietjet to Establish Center of Aviation Technology in Saigon Super Bowl 51 Gives Hotels in Houston CBD 851% RevPAR Boost New Satellite to Increase APAC Connectivity airberlin to Expand Fleet with Three A330-200s Exec Appointments at Mantra Group Hotel Cosmo Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Kenya Airways Signs B787-8 Deal with Etihad Mapletree Acquires Oakwood Worldwide JAL and China Airlines to Expand Codeshare Flights Mantra Rebrands Airlie Beach Hotel in Australia Emirates Adds Advanced Paid Seating to Travelport Hard Rock Signs First Hotel in China Disney Explorers Lodge in HK to Open April SpiceRoads Launches Kyushu Onsen to Onsen B787-10 to Take Off in Coming Weeks Dusit Appoints Two Vice Presidents Ananda Hua Hin Appoints Tovey as GM Show More Travel News Boeing Defence Australia Appoints MD Melia Signs Fifth Hotel in Vietnam Air Canada Launches Montreal-Shanghai Flights Juneyao Airlines Orders Five Boeing 787-9s Thailand - Japan MICE Road Show in March Paul Stevens Appointed CEO of Accor Plus Air India Takes Delivery of First A320neo HK Airlines Introduces New Amenity Kits Delta to Expand Free Meal Service in USA Akaryn Appoints Cluster GM in Phuket Vietjet Reports 2016 Revenue of US$1.21 Billion Movenpick Residences Ekkamai Appoints RM Dusit and Prince Hotels Launch Staff Exchange Programme 598,952 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Air Astana to Increase London Flights Garuda to Launch Jakarta - Moscow Flights Honeywell to Implement New Airfield Lighting at Changi Airbus to Transfer Four Test Aircraft to Museums Jet Airways to Use Fuel Efficiency Software Air Canada Signs New Deal with Travelport 4,763 Hotels Under Contract in U.S.A. Vietjet to Launch Danang - Seoul Flights Tourism Accelerators Accepting Projects in Mekong Region Air Canada to Increase Tel Aviv Flights Delta to Acquire More Aeromexico Shares H.I.S. to Adopt Amadeus cytric Travel & Expense Qatar to Launch Skopje Flights in June Murcia Hosts Conference on Smart Destinations 308-Room Hotel G Singapore Grand Opens JAL to Open Renovated Sakura Lounge in Bangkok Avis Signs New Travelport Deal Gulf Air's FFP Partners Agoda PointsMax Cebu Pacific Flew Over 19m Pax in 2016 Hurawalhi Island Resort Opens in Maldives Movenpick Hotel Doha Appoints GM Hahn Air Signs Interline Agreement with Eurostar Roland de Bonadona to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award Cebu Pacific Takes Delivery of ATR 72-600 with Titanium Seats Hawaii Island Air Signs Smart Parts Deal for Q400 Viajes El Corte Ingles Commits to Global Code of Ethics for Tourism Hudson Theatre in New York Reopens AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai Redesigned SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge NATS in Remote Tower Demonstrator Deal with Saab Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots New Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First Boeing 787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert Mexico Attracted 35 Million Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30/3 APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Screen Rant You Are Reading: 15 Things You Never Knew About Bill Nye The Science Guy Share On Facebook Comments (1) Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next 127 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment 15 Things You Never Knew About Bill Nye The Science Guy By Jennica Lynn 03.05.2017 1 Comment 127 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment Bill, Bill, Bill… Bill Nye The Science Guy was a staple in every ’90s kid’s primary education. The exceptionally brainy kids even made it a part of their regular after-school television viewing schedule. Whenever there was a day with a substitute teacher in science class, it was guaranteed that there would be an episode of Bill Nye The Science Guy or The Magic School Bus… but, c’mon, Bill Nye was way cooler than Ms. Frizzle. And unlike Ms. Frizzle, Bill Nye remained in the media long after the beloved show came to an end. Nye has made a name for himself since as an environmentalist, space enthusiast, and a master debater of creationism. But like any organism, The Science Guy has many layers and there is more than meets the eye. After placing Bill Nye under the proverbial microscope, here are the 15 Things You Never Knew About Bill Nye The Science Guy. 15. He Got His Nickname (“The Science Guy”) From The Television Show Almost Live! Long before Bill Nye had his own show, he was an engineer and a writer/actor on the Seattle-based sketch comedy show Almost Live! in the ’80s and ’90s. Like MAD TV and Saturday Night Live, Almost Live! featured the same actors in various roles, performing improv scenes related to social issues of the time. Knowing that Nye was a super science genius outside of his nightly thespian routine, Almost Live! creator Ross Shafer convinced Nye to take on a new role as “The Science Guy” in a recurring six-minute skit in which Nye would perform scientific experiments. When Bill Nye wasn’t wearing a lab coat on the show, he was sporting hot pants and fighting crime as Speed Walker, a super hero who just walks really fast. Scientists are not exactly known for having a creative brain or a sense of humor but Bill Nye has dedicated his life to splitting atoms and bending the rules. 14. He Won A Steve Martin Lookalike Contest As seen in his skits on Almost Live!, Bill Nye is a man of many talents in both science and entertainment. But before his acting career had completely taken off, he was a young engineer who happened to do accurate impressions of Steve Martin. Shortly after finishing college and still residing in Seattle, Nye decided to enter a Steve Martin lookalike contest hosted by Warner Brothers Records. He won the Seattle regional round of the contest but he failed to move on to the nationals. However, Bill Nye’s success as an impersonator of a comedic icon earned him so many cool points around town that people began asking him to perform his Steve Martin routine at parties and social gatherings. When Nye took notice of the reactions that he received from being Steve Martin, he fell in love with comedy and became inspired to combine laughs and learning into a career. 13. Bill Nye Has Written Several Children’s Books In addition to screenwriting, acting, and basically being one of the smartest men alive, Bill Nye has continued to make science a rad point of interest for kids in his numerous children’s books. And of course he writes all of these fun educational masterpieces under the name, “The Science Guy.” Kids can get in the spirit of science with some of Nye’s most highly rated books on Amazon. In Bill Nye The Science Guy’s Big Blast of Science, kids can take matter into their own hands as Nye covers everything from gravity to radioactivity and provides a wide array of ideas for class projects for the budding scientist. Nye also encourages young minds to become germaphobes– or at least to embrace the good kinds of germs– in his popular book Bill Nye The Science Guy’s Great Big Book of Tiny Germs. Another children’s favorite is Bill Nye The Science Guy’s Consider the Following: A Way Cool Set of Science Questions, Answers, and Ideas to Ponder, which is reminiscent of his hit ’90s TV show. 12. Bill Nye Invented Specialized Ballet Slippers Unsurprisingly, Bill Nye’s name is attached to many patents in the United States. However, perhaps the most unusual patent that Nye holds is for the invention of specialized type of ballet pointe shoes that he likes to call “toe shoes.” Ballet pointe shoes are exactly as they sound. They are the silky baby pink slippers that appear comfortable in theory until you’re spending hours plié-ing across a dance floor. Professional ballerinas are notorious for suffering from damage to their feet and ankles due to the great amount of weight forced onto these parts of their bodies. However, Nye’s newly designed apparatus is built to provide better support for a ballerina’s feet, toes, and ankles as opposed to previous contraptions. More specifically, Nye inserted a padded box-shaped toe ridge in the traditional slippers and added upper and outer soles. Thanks to Bill Nye, there are ballerinas everywhere doing a happy dance in comfort. 11. He Was Rejected By NASA Four Times It’s no mystery that Bill Nye is a bonafide space nut. He played a key role in the construction of a tiny sundial that was implemented in the Mars Exploration Rover missions. Nye was also the CEO of The Planetary Society for five years and is the face of a regular exhibit at the Chabot Space and Science Center in Oakland, CA. Despite all of these endeavors, Bill Nye has never been launched into outer space… and he’s applied to NASA four times. On top of being a world renowned promoter of space exploration, The Science Guy is also rather athletic and has proven that he can bypass motion sickness unlike many other potential astronauts. So, what is NASA’s deal? In an interview at AOL headquarters, Bill Nye half-jokingly said that the first question NASA asks is “How many Ph.Ds do you have?” Nye may be one of the most celebrated eggheads alive, but he still only holds a Bachelor of Science degree. 10. His First Starring Role Was In A Boeing Training Video After receiving his B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the prestigious Cornell University, Bill Nye moved to the Northwest, where he began his career working as an engineer for Boeing. Not only did Nye assist in the development of a tube thingy for a hydraulic pressure resonance suppressor on the Boeing 747 (don’t worry, most people don’t have a clue what this is either), he also starred in a number of training videos for the company. Yes, before he was Bill Nye The Science Guy, he was “Bill Nye The Airplane Guy.” It is possible that these training videos are what caused Nye to be bitten by the acting bug. In fact, as he expanded his career to include comedy with Almost Live!, he even performed in a parody video on the TV show in which he poked fun at Boeing contract negotiations and the workload distribution among Boeing employees. 9. Bill Nye Was The Inspiration For The Television Show Numb3rs Bill Nye has encouraged many movements in the realm of science and space exploration, but he has also been an inspiration in the entertainment industry. Specifically, Nye inspired Nick Falacci and Cheryl Heuton in creating the series Numb3rs. The TV show, which stretched across six seasons, followed a mathematician who helped the FBI solve crime investigations using complex math equations. Nye himself was unaware that he had such an influence on the show until he read an interview with Heuton in Wired Magazine. And then he witnessed his affect on the creators firsthand. After his conversation with Heuton and Falacci about sundials, the duo incorporated the newly learned information into an episode of the show in which the precise location of a basketball goal needed to located. In addition to inspiring entire episodes of the show, The Science Guy has also appeared on the show as an engineering professor and combustion expert, which is not a big stretch from his real life. 8. Bill Nye Created An iPad Game That You Will Never Get To Play All work and no play make Bill a dull boy… so he decided to design a game for the iPad. Fascinated by the concept of flight, Bill Nye partnered up with Gamedesk in 2012 to create AERO 3D. This particular game was specially crafted to teach young children about aerodynamics through animated birds. Gamedesk had already prepared a prototype of AERO 3D through their own partnership with Iridescent Learning and contributions from the National Academy of Sciences and the Office of Naval Research. However, it was up to The Science Guy to reel in the remainder of the funding as well as publicity. So, Bill Nye did what anyone with a bright idea would do: he began a Kickstarter campaign. Nye believes that the best way to teach blossoming minds is through experience and having the point of view of a bird may be the closest that they will ever come to experiencing the physics of flight. Unfortunately, Bill Nye had a learning experience of his own as his project went unfunded, only raising $31,528 out of $100,000. 7. Bill Nye Is Competitive About His Carbon Footprint Most competitive neighbors will buy a fancy car or order the most high-tech flat screen TV, but not Bill Nye. This wizard of science started a friendly cold war with his carbon footprint. Bill Nye has been in a longstanding competition with his Los Angeles neighbor Ed Begley, Jr. to have the lowest carbon footprint. The wager between the two famous environmentalist super nerds began the day after Nye moved to the neighborhood and they have been modifying their homes and lifestyles accordingly for about a decade now. Nye didn’t hesitate to amp up his game by starting a vegetable garden, ordering solar panels– and then came the rain barrels for recycled water (how he pulled off recycled water during the California drought is puzzling, but good job, Bill). The true rivalry between these green machines is believed to have ignited during the filming of an episode of Living With Ed, Begley’s short-lived series about leading an environmentally conscious life. Nye claims that Begley became jealous of the features on his solar panels. That’s so LA. 6. Bill Nye Played Ultimate Frisbee In College If movies and television have driven anything home about science geeks, it’s that they are notorious for being weak and bad at sports. Once again, Bill Nye defies the laws of nature as he is actually quite the athlete. As can be seen from episodes of Bill Nye The Science Guy, Nye is a huge baseball fan. However, this is not his go-to physical activity. Growing up in Washington, D.C., Bill Nye often played frisbee football with his friends and then went on to play ultimate frisbee at Cornell University. After college, Nye became the founder and captain of the first ever men’s ultimate frisbee team in Seattle, which he called the Olympic Windjammers. Bill Nye was a natural at the sport and he is credited as taking part in the early years of the ultimate frisbee rivalry between Seattle and Portland. The Olympic Windjammers traveled to games near and far, occasionally flying on private planes piloted by Nye’s buddies at Boeing. Ultimate frisbee may sound like a goofy sport, but don’t be fooled. The brutality earned Nye a broken nose and a dislocated shoulder that has never fully healed. 5. He’s Technically Never Been Married Bill Nye has a glowing record of successfully predicting experimental outcomes, but such was not the case in his romantic life. In 2005, Nye experienced the rare chemical reaction that is often referred to as love and within five months’ time he was married– or so he thought– to musician, motivational speaker, and author Blair Tindall. Seven weeks after the wedding, Bill Nye left when he received notice from the State of California stating that his marriage to Tindall was invalid. Neither Nye nor Tindall have ever revealed the reason for the invalidity. Of course, like all celebrity couples gone splitsville, the break was not clean. Bill Nye later slapped a restraining order on his “ex-wife” after she had sprayed a toxic chemical on his vegetable garden and fled on foot. Tindall insists that the chemical was merely weed killer. Still, that must have done a number on his carbon footprint competition. 4. Bill Nye Loves Swing Dancing Aside from attempting to save the planet at every opportunity and getting down and dirty on the frisbee field, Bill Nye likes to literally get his kicks on the dance floor, as he is an active swing dancer. In 2013, The Science Guy had the honor to bust a move on the hit TV series Dancing With The Stars with newbie partner Tyne Stecklein. The dance duo swept the floor with numbers to Daft Punk’s “Get Lucky,” Beethoven’s “Symphony No. 5”, and appropriately Oingo Boingo’s “Weird Science.” Unfortunately, they were quickly eliminated from the contest after Nye suffered an injury to a tendon. But that hasn’t kept this jumpin’, jivin’ dance-a-holic from getting back on his feet. Being a man of science, of course, Bill Nye has also advised that there are many health benefits associated with swing dancing. Not only does it make men popular with the ladies, but it also maintains physical fitness and helps keep dementia at bay. 3. Bill Nye Got His Own Show Because Of The Back To The Future TV Series Shortly before The Science Guy became head scientist of his own show, he played assistant to Doc Brown on the live-action Back to the Future TV series from 1991 to 1993. The show followed the adventures of Doc Brown, his family, and his trusted companion Marty McFly. Nye had a recurring role on the show in educational segments in which he would give actual scientific demonstrations in a laboratory while Christopher Lloyd would explain the process. Holding on tightly to his famed nickname, Bill Nye was once again only known as “The Science Guy.” In the three years that Nye worked alongside Lloyd, he built everything from a hot air balloon, to an electromagnet, to a car battery charger using a lemon. The segments featuring The Science Guy reached national popularity in the early ’90s and led to Bill, Bill Bill… hosting his own educational TV show, making Bill Nye The Science Guy a household name. 2. Bill Nye Is A Talented Chef When Bill Nye is hard at work, chemicals are not the only things that he can be found mixing together. As it turns out, Nye is also a crafty cook in the kitchen. After all, putting together a fine meal is all a matter of science in its simplest form… and The Science Guy is quick to turn a culinary experience into an experimental equation complete with a hypothesis as well as dependent and independent variables. For instance, Nye once conducted an experiment for PBS Learning Media to determine whether water boils faster in a pot that is either covered or uncovered. Always eager to give a science lesson, Bill Nye was able turn a pasta recipe into a discussion on energy conservation. Outside of the laboratory, Nye enjoys the leisure of wining and dining guests in both his New York City and Los Angeles homes, his specialties being spinach pizza and salmon. 1. Bill Nye Is Not The Only Brainiac In His Family Bill Nye may be the only famous prodigy in his family, but he had to inherit his gifted mind from someone, right? Skipping the nature versus nurture debate, let’s just say that The Science Guy may have his brainy mother to thank for at least a fraction of his intelligence. Bill’s mother, Jacqueline Jenkins-Nye, was a codebreaker during World War II. Jenkins-Nye was studying math and psychology at Goucher College when she was recruited by the U.S. Navy to assist them in decoding cryptic messages used by the Japanese and Germans. But she isn’t the only genius relative in the Jenkins-Nye family tree. Bill Nye’s maternal grandfather was also quite the smarty-pants, as he worked as a professor of chemistry at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD. Bill Nye The Science Guy attributes much of his knowledge and success to his family, especially his mother. She even taught him how to make their family’s famous salad dressing, which he has described as being “pure chemistry.” — Did you learn anything new about Bill Nye the Science Guy? What was your favorite experiment or sketch from the show? Sound off in the comments! BY: Jennica Lynn @@PrmQueenFrmMars Comments (1) 127 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment On SCREENRANT.com Trending Latest Topics Movie News First Inhumans Set Photos Movie News Logan Writer Explains Surprise Villain Movie News Stan Lee Thanks Ryan Reynolds For Deadpool 2 Cameo Movie News Spawn Reboot Will Have 'Nasty' R-Rating Movie News Justice League's Deadlier Batmobile Revealed Movie News Logan: Hugh Jackman Thanks Fans Movie News Logan Is A Box Office Smash SR Originals Why Logan’s Ending Is Perfect Star Wars 8 Justice League Split Ending & Twist Explained Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Arrival Ending Explained Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 Avengers: Infinity War Screen Rant Forum Discussion Follow Us ABOUT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US CONTACT US TERMS PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT © 2017 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
--> Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Dubai Desert Classic 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk India Republic Day Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Aviation Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Aviation On the wing: The UAE's soaring aerospace ecosystem Syedrn/Dubai Filed on March 5, 2017 | Last updated on March 5, 2017 at 10.16 pm Share More > Vote In barely a decade, the UAE has emerged as a regional leader in aerospace. (AFP) Customers asking for - if not demanding - value propositions Against a backdrop of new aeroplane programmes, growing passenger traffic globally, low commodity prices and political uncertainties, the aerospace and defence industry is going through significant changes, particularly in the Middle East. The industry is facing a range of challenges to address environmental and regulatory issues, and an increased dependence on a global supply chain. The network of organisations - including suppliers, distributors, customers, competitors, government agencies and so on - involved in the delivery of passenger jets, defence products and weapons systems are facing these tremendous challenges both at home and abroad through competition and limited resources. Supporting the industry's evolution are countries that are trying to build indigenous aerospace capabilities in exchange for access to markets to help grow economies, gain technologies, provide employment opportunities and eventually to compete on the world marketplace. In barely a decade, the UAE has emerged as a regional leader in aerospace. Leveraging its booming airline and airport companies, the UAE has expanded into manufacturing and servicing aeroplane components, gaining partnerships with the world's biggest aviation players. For example, Mubadala has been supporting the development of a sustainable aerospace industry for Abu Dhabi, forming partnerships and initiating investments with leading companies like Boeing, Lockheed, GE and others. Additionally, exciting opportunities are emerging to create "aerospace ecosystems". In the UAE, you are starting to see Stem (science, technology, engineering and mathematics)-related industries beginning to flourish. To support Stem activities at a grassroots level and help secure the future of science and technology, Boeing has supported many initiatives including research and development, teacher training, primary and secondary school design challenges, internships, mentorship programmes and chartable grants to UAE's top engineering schools. One example is the Boeing-Mubadala Co-Op internship programme, which provides vital aerospace engineering expertise to bolster the UAE's ever-expanding aviation capabilities. Launched in 2015, the programme aims to support the development of a sustainable aerospace industry in the UAE. Customers are asking for - if not demanding - value propositions that include education and training programmes, skills development, technology transfer, industrial partnerships and relationships that provide products and services for the entire product life cycle to keep it relevant for decades. Time and time again, success in aerospace and defence manufacturing compliments efforts in other areas of development and adds to capabilities. Pioneering roles in scientific research and development contribute to building new technologies and capabilities to lay the groundwork for manufacturing, economic growth and employment. Boeing has a number of technical support centres for its customers, industrial and academic partnerships and Boeing's Global Corporate Citizenship programme connects us to community organisations through charitable and business investments and support. Boeing's plan is to continue to expand our presence in the region through partnerships, organic growth and through support to build in-country capabilities. Boeing supports knowledge and technology transfer and investment in the region's human capital. We are committed to partnerships that support regional plans for economic diversification and to become aerospace hubs. We believe in the power of partnerships and leveraging local knowledge to be successful in the market. We are committed to providing the Middle East with key partnership and aerospace development opportunities, and we work closely with Arab governments and defence forces to take a key role in enhancing safety and security in the region. By working together, we can build the aerospace ecosystem for the region. The writer is president of Boeing Middle East, North Africa and Turkey. Views expressed are his own and do not reflect the newspaper's policy. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Aviation On the wing: The UAE's soaring aerospace ecosystem Customers asking for - if not demanding - value propositions READ MORE Technology 5G tech is great, but how will it help me? Here's contextualising 5G use in our everyday lives READ MORE Markets GLOBAL INVESTING: Nightmares and fairy tales in... Fairy tales seldom happen in real life but they do happen in frontier ... READ MORE Markets GLOBAL INVESTING: BNP Paribas and the black swans ... Will Le Pen win be a disaster for French equities and global stocks? READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Crime British daredevil not detained for risky Dubai... He was, however, given a stern warning. READ MORE Weather Good news for UAE residents, winter to continue... There are chances of fog in the morning and scattered rainfall. READ MORE Crime Man on trial in Dubai for insulting Islam online The Indian resident has been charged with disrespecting Prophet... READ MORE General UAE airline supervisor fired for sleeping on... The two airhostesses - who took the photos of the Arab man - got... READ MORE   Popular Voted Dubai Watch: Fire under control at Dubai's Lamcy Plaza 73875 views | 3 March 2017 General UAE airline supervisor fired for sleeping on flight 27214 views | 5 March 2017 India Watch: Indian-origin girl racially abused, video goes viral 25682 views | 3 March 2017 Abu Dhabi Now your Emirates ID is your health card 24170 views | 4 March 2017 Crime Drunk driver causes massive damage in UAE 22483 views | 4 March 2017 Bollywood Karan Johar becomes dad of twins, Roohi and Yash, via a surrogate 19392 views | 5 March 2017 Weather Good news for UAE residents, winter to continue until... 19281 views | 5 March 2017 Americas Another Indian-origin man shot dead outside his home in US 16671 views | 4 March 2017 Legal View Jobs in Dubai: 10-yr jail, Dh2m fine for bosses that discriminate 15548 views | 3 March 2017 Europe 100 customers flee restaurant without paying Dh7,700 15515 views | 3 March 2017 Aviation 5 free things you can get at Dubai airport 14318 views | 5 March 2017 Transport Watch: Things that'll get you fined on Dubai Metro 14310 views | 4 March 2017 Crime Man on trial in Dubai for insulting Islam online 14136 views | 5 March 2017 Gold/Forex Buy or not? Gold prices continue to fall 13125 views | 4 March 2017 Government Sheikh Mohammed receives Philippines Foreign Minister 13036 views | 3 March 2017 Dubai Sheikh Mohammed announces Dh1 million job 443 votes | 28 February 2017 Dubai Dubai airport gets strict with new baggage rules 155 votes | 2 March 2017 Offbeat Woman dies after giving birth to 69 kids 141 votes | 1 March 2017 India Pakistani man marries Indian, now set for deportation 134 votes | 1 March 2017 Weather Revealed: How UAE is making it rain so much in February 83 votes | 26 February 2017 Dubai Sheikh Hamdan cruises around Dubai in Tesla during rain 81 votes | 28 February 2017 India Ban imposed on the sale of Coca Cola, Pepsi in Tamil Nadu 69 votes | 1 March 2017 Americas Trump aide kneels on White House sofa with shoes on 56 votes | 28 February 2017 Transport Salik changes in Dubai you should know about 50 votes | 28 February 2017 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi Corniche partially closed today for military demonstration 48 votes | 2 March 2017 Dubai 5 social media habits that can ruin your Dubai career 45 votes | 1 March 2017 Dubai Meet Al Marri, the new chief of Dubai Police 42 votes | 1 March 2017 India Watch: Bus plunges into canal in India, several killed 41 votes | 28 February 2017 Auto 5 under Dh55,000: Fuel-efficient cars in UAE 40 votes | 1 March 2017 Transport Watch: Things that'll get you fined on Dubai Metro 40 votes | 4 March 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close US unions Pro-union rally in Mississippi unites workers with community: 'We are ready' Nissan workers mobilized thousands of activists, civil rights groups and even Bernie Sanders against companies that obstruct local unionizing efforts Workers and community members marched in Canton, Mississippi, in support of Nissan workers’ right to unionize on Saturday. Photograph: Mike Elk for the Guardian Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Mike Elk in Canton, Mississippi Sunday 5 March 2017 17.30 EST First published on Sunday 5 March 2017 11.48 EST For a mile outside Canton Multipurpose Complex on Saturday, the road was backed up. Many cars sported bumper stickers, pro-Bernie and pro-union. 'I was naive': after losing healthcare battle, factory workers fear next blow Read more They came in school buses, hot rods, church vans and motorcycles, with license plates from Missouri, Texas, North Carolina, Illinois and Pennsylvania. A delegation of a dozen Nissan workers even came from Brazil, to support United Automobile Workers (UAW) activists who have faced illegal retaliation in a 13-year struggle to unionize the Japanese giant’s 5,000 workers in Mississippi. “I feel their pain because we have been through the same thing with Mercedes,” said Kirk Garner of Vance, Alabama, who has been part of the decade-long UAW effort to unionize there. Two weeks after the defeat of the Machinists Union at Boeing in South Carolina, an estimated 5,000 southern union activists gathered in Canton to lay the foundation of what they hope will be the large-scale community movements necessary to defeat anti-union forces nationwide – and in the White House. Community support is proving essential for union drives, as companies use politicians and expensive media buys to counter such campaigns. In South Carolina, Boeing spent $485,000 on TV ads and politicians warned that a successful union drive would discourage other companies from moving to the region. In 2014, anti-union forces used a similar strategy to defeat a high-profile attempt to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga. In Mississippi, as the UAW seeks a vote, Nissan has begun airing its own anti-union ads this week. The UAW claims that the company has told staff that if they unionize, the plant will move to Mexico. The company has denied the charge. In an email to the Guardian on Sunday, the Nissan corporate communications manager Parul Bajaj said “the allegations made by the union are totally false” and accused the UAW of a “campaign to pressure the company into recognizing a union, even without employee support”. High-profile company ad campaigns can turn communities against unions. Workers often face not just intimidation from their bosses but also peer pressure from friends and neighbors, who warn of harm to the local economy. “I don’t think the pressure was as intense as it is now,” said GM worker John W Hill Jr, who was part of the first successful UAW effort to unionize workers in the south, 41 years ago at a GM plant in Monroe, Louisiana. “In 1976, there wasn’t the harsh anti-union sentiment that is so prevalent over the country right now … We didn’t have all the politicians and everybody against us. “I hope whenever the [Nissan] election is that they vote yes. But deep down inside, I think there is so much fear here and disconnect that I just don’t think [they will].” Hill was interrupted by a Nissan worker with a toddler on his shoulders: “Nah, man, we got this, we got this. We are gonna beat them.” As they marched on the plant on an unusually warm March day, workers sang: “We are ready, we are ready, we are ready, Nissan.” They have organized a community coalition, the Mississippi Alliance for Fairness at Nissan, that includes #BlackLivesMatter activists, church groups, the Sierra Club, the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The coalition is calling for a mobilization not seen in the south since the civil rights movement of the 1960s. More than 80% of Nissan’s workers in Canton are black. A win at Nissan could be a game-changer. On Saturday, they had a guest speaker. “If we can win here at Nissan, you will give a tremendous bolt of confidence to working people all over this country,” Bernie Sanders told a crowd of 5,000. “If you can stand up to a powerful multinational corporation in Canton, Mississippi, workers all over this country will say, ‘We can do it, too.’” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bernie Sanders speaks at the March on Mississippi for workers’ rights in Canton. Photograph: Rogelio V. Solis/AP ‘We know a union could help’ Out of 43 of Nissan plants worldwide, 40 are unionized. The only plants that are not are the one in Canton, Mississippi and two in Tennessee. Workers say the lack of a union makes a difference. Bajaj said Nissan “respects and supports” employees’ decisions about who represents them. Many employees in Canton say they make less than $15 an hour, with starting wages for some at $13.46 an hour. Workers say they make $2 less each hour than those in Smyrna, where Nissan faces competition from unionized GM factories. Bajaj countered that the company’s “hourly wages are significantly above the average central [Mississippi] production wage of $16.70 per hour”. Many Canton workers also say they are forced to work for years as temporary employees and complain that they are denied vacation, only allowed to take time off in the last week of June and the first week of July – when the plant shuts down. Without a union, they say, workers are often forced to work in unsafe conditions. Since 2008, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (Osha) has cited Canton facilities six times. In February, Osha issued a citation for a failure to have proper safety lights indicating when machines were on and for not instructing workers to turn off machines before fixing them. “I had to call [Osha] twice in the past month,” said Karen Camp, who works in the paint shop. “You couldn’t see 10ft in front of your face because of the ventilation problems. We know a union could help fix it.” In his email, Bajaj said: “The safety and well-being of our employees is always our top priority. We dedicate extensive time and resources to safety programs and training at the plant.” The Canton plant, she added, “has a safety record that is significantly better than the national average for automotive plants”, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Workers say Nissan has fought the union every step of the way. In 2015, the National Labor Relations Board charged that the company and its temporary employee agency provider, Kelly Services, violated workers’ rights, with one manager threatening to close the plant if it went union. Nissan has said it is defending against the charge. Workers say the company routinely imposes one-on-one meetings, where they are questioned about their views on unionization and have their work histories reviewed. Some say those who support the union are routinely denied promotion. Others say pro-union workers have been unfairly let go. In March 2014, a 43-year-old pro-UAW Nissan worker, Calvin Moore, who had worked in the plant since 2004, was fired. Many workers began to protest. The actor Danny Glover, a supporter of Nissan workers who was also present at Saturday’s march, with NAACP president Cornell William Brooks, called a press conference to denounce the firing. Students from Jackson State and Tougaloo College engaged in civil disobedience at Nissan headquarters. Workers in Brazil organized protests in solidarity. Three months later, Moore was hired again. The win put wind in the union’s sails. “It bolstered people’s spirits,” Moore said on Saturday. “To be honest, people were happier for me than I was for myself.” Moore said community support and events, such as the March on Mississippi, were key to winning support among coworkers. “We have had a lot of non-union workers who have changed their mind about the UAW,” he said. “Events like this should help us get more support, especially when people see this on TV.” ‘If there was ever a movement to be lead’ High-profile labor efforts could prove crucial not just to unions in the coming months and years, but also to Democratic attempts to win back Congress and the White House. Last year, Donald Trump won the largest share of union voters for a Republican since 1984. He has since focused on bringing manufacturing jobs back to the US. However, with many of these new jobs being temporary, Democrats feel they can win union voters back by focusing on how to improve such jobs. Such a strategy, if successful, may not just to win back blue-collar voters. It could also help soften racial tensions that have spread among manufacturing workers. With Republicans fighting unionization nationwide, the incoming Democratic National Committee chair, Tom Perez – who was labor secretary under Barack Obama – has signaled that he intends to focus on supporting efforts to unionize. In Canton, workers said their efforts could provide a model for the progressive movement in the age of Trump. “If there was ever a movement to be led,” said Mississippi NAACP president Derrick Johnson, “it would be led out of Mississippi, because we have always lead the movement.” Mike Elk is a member of the Washington-Baltimore NewsGuild. He is the co-founder of Payday Report and was previously senior labor reporter at Politico US unions Automotive industry Nissan Mississippi Bernie Sanders Protest news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › US unions Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's Bearish Boeing Trade Craig Jones , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 05, 2017 11:47am   Comments Share: Related BA President Trump Plans To Spend $54 Billion More On Defense Video: The Trump Tweet Indicator Valuation Dashboard: Industrials - Update (Seeking Alpha) On CNBC's Options Action, Carter Worth spoke about technical warning signs in Boeing Co (NYSE: BA). He thinks it's overbought, because it has significantly outperformed the market and the sector, which hasn't been the case in the past. Worth added that the stock is also trading significantly above its 150-day moving average, which has happened only four times in its history. Every time it has been this high above the 150-day moving average, the stock pulled back. Worth thinks it's going to trade lower again and he would sell the stock. Mike Khouw believes Boeing could have some fundamental problems, too. He explained that deliveries of Boeing 777 are going to slow down and there is also more competition in smaller airplanes segment. To make a bearish bet, Khouw wants to sell the April 180/190 call spread for a total credit of $4.30. The trade starts to lose money above $184.30 or 1.16 percent above the current market price. If Boeing Co trades below $180 at the April expiration, Khouw is going to collect $4.30, which is his maximal profit. Posted-In: Carter Worth Mike Khouw Options ActionCNBC Options Markets Media © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA) President Trump Plans To Spend $54 Billion More On Defense Video: The Trump Tweet Indicator Boeing, Pfizer And Others Band Together To Ask Congress For More Taxes SpaceX Reopens Historic Launch Site, Advances American Position In International Space Marathon Boeing, Monsanto, Nike, Salesforce: Fast Money Picks For February 21 The Market In 5 Minutes View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 TGTX, NOVN: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DB, THO: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 SNAP, FB: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's W... 4 AGN, FRX: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 5 RRC, SNAP: Barron's Picks And Pans: Range Re... 6 BRSS, PLOW: Earnings Scheduled For March... 7 GLD: Carter Worth And Mike Kho... 1 USD/CAD Trading Higher Ahead of Data 2 RPV, RZV: An ETF Star Of The Bull Market 3 DB: Deutsche Bank Drops After Announcing Capital Raise 4 GBP/USD Trading Lower Ahead of Data 5 Managed Management: A Conversation With A Closed-End Fund Advisor, Pt. 1 6 SPY, DPZ: Jim Cramer Thinks Investors Are 'Brainwashed' Into T... 7 USDA Export Inspections; Soybean Futures Trading Higher View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's Bearish Gold Trade When Journalists And Companies Don't See Eye-To-Eye On Coverage, Things Can Get Messy
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight NASA Seeks Payload Ideas for Mystery Satellite By Jeff Foust, SpaceNews Writer | March 5, 2017 08:00am ET MORE The Intelsat 603 satellite during a 1992 shuttle repair mission. That satellite is based on a bus similar to one that an unnamed government agency, perhaps the NRO, is offering to NASA. Credit: NASA WASHINGTON — NASA is soliciting concepts for payloads that could fly on a mysterious satellite it is in discussions to inherit from another government agency. NASA issued a request for information (RFI) Feb. 15 for a proposed spacecraft called the NASA Science/Technology Platform Satellite, or NSTP-Sat. The RFI was the first time NASA had publicly discussed such a mission. The RFI, issued by NASA's science mission directorate, solicits ideas for payloads, including remote sensing instruments and technology demonstrations, which could fly on the spacecraft. The RFI offered few details about the proposed mission, noting NSTP-Sat could fly "to low Earth orbit, geostationary equatorial orbit, medium Earth orbit, Earth-Moon L1, or lunar orbit in the 2021 timeframe." The RFI, which remains open until March 17, seeks ideas for how this spacecraft could be used to meet NASA's science and technology development goals. The RFI states that NASA will use the responses to determine "whether there are science opportunities for new uses of this spacecraft" and "whether a solicitation for proposals is warranted to enable such opportunities." [Satellite Quiz: What's Up There?] The RFI offered few details about the spacecraft itself. "The NSTP-Sat is a spacecraft platform that has become available to NASA as excess Government property through an interagency agreement," it stated. It added the spacecraft was a "Boeing GEO spinner bus" that could launch on an EELV-class rocket or as a secondary payload on a Space Launch System mission. NASA and other organizations involved with NSTP-Sat have been reticent to provide additional details about how NASA gained access to the satellite bus. Alan Zide, a program executive in NASA's heliophysics division and the point of contact listed in the RFI, did not respond to email messages with questions about the satellite. A diagram of the satellite bus being offered to NASA from the NASA RFI issued in February. Credit: NASA NASA spokesman Dwayne Brown said March 1 that NASA is in discussions with the U.S. Air Force to obtain the bus. "NASA and the U.S. Air Force (USAF) are in discussions concerning the transfer of a satellite bus that the USAF has determined does not meet current or projected Air Force mission requirements," he said. U.S. Air Force spokeswoman Capt. AnnMarie Annicelli said March 2 she was not familiar with the satellite and was looking into it, but has not provided any additional information. When asked who the original customer was for this Boeing-built satellite, Addrian Brooks, a spokesman for Boeing Network and Space Systems, said March 2 that the company was "unable to disclose this information." Jonathan McDowell, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics who specializes in space history, notes the dimensions for the satellite provided in the RFI are consistent with two versions of satellites built by Hughes Space and Communications. One, the HS-389, was used for the Intelsat 6 series of satellites, while the HS-393 was sold to other commercial customers. Those satellites were built and launched in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Boeing acquired Hughes Space and Communications in 2000. The National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), he noted, is thought to have used the same bus for a series of data relay satellites operating under the code name QUASAR, also known as the Satellite Data System (SDS). Four such satellites launched from 1989 through 1996. Spin-stabilized satellites have fallen out of favor, having been replaced by three-axis stabilized satellites. The last Boeing-built commercial spin-stabilized satellite, a Boeing 376 spacecraft called e-BIRD, launched in 2003. McDowell said a later generation of QUASAR satellites, launched from 1998 to as recently as 2014, were also assumed to be three-axis stabilized. However, he noted there’s little known about this series of satellites, leaving open the possibility it also used the same bus as the earlier spacecraft. "It's possible that some other NRO program also used this bus, but QUASAR/SDS is definitely the most likely," he said in a March 3 email. If the satellite in question is indeed from the NRO, it would not be the first time NASA inherited spare hardware from that intelligence agency. In 2012, NASA announced it was taking possession of two 2.4-meter mirror assemblies from the NRO. The mirrors were reportedly built for NRO's Future Imagery Architecture program, and became surplus when the NRO cancelled the optical portion of that program in the mid-2000s. NASA, after taking possession of the mirrors, solicited ideas from the scientific community on how to use what it called Astrophysics Focused Telescope Assets. NASA decided to use one of the mirrors for the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope (WFIRST), which originally planned to build a much smaller mirror. WFIRST is planned for launch in the mid-2020s. Phillip Swarts contributed to this story. This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Read SpaceNews for the Latest Space Industry News Blastoff! US Spy Satellite Launches Atop Atlas V Rocket | Video Launch Photos: NROL-79 Spy Satellite Launches Atop Atlas V Rocket Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice Terrorism War Crimes Militarization History Science China Expands Its Strategic Airlift Capability, Prepares to Expand Its Sphere of Influence By South Front Global Research, March 05, 2017 South Front 4 March 2017 Region: Asia Theme: Militarization and WMD Although combat aircraft such as the J-31 stealth fighter and J-15 aircraft carrier strike aircraft have made most of the headlines, China has made significant accomplishments in the realm of military transport, long range maritime patrol and carrier borne AEW&C aircraft over the past year. First operational in 2016, the Y-20 military transport is now the largest such aircraft in production in the world. Roughly the size of the Boeing C-17 Globemaster, the Y-20 is a crucial component in China’s growing ability to expand its strategic power projection capabilities. After initially expressing a need for 400 of these aircraft, the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) later stated that this number was revised to 1000. AVIC began production of the AG600 seaplane in July of 2016. The AG600 is a large flying boat, capable of landing and taking off on water, or on land-based airstrips, as it has a conventional, retractable tricycle landing gear. It is similar in size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus 320 airliner, and the largest seaplane currently in production anywhere in the world. The stated role of the aircraft is search and rescue, firefighting and humanitarian relief; however, it may also be slated to supplement the Harbin SH-5 in long range anti-submarine warfare (ASW) patrols and aerial reconnaissance. This video is based on our previous military analysis entitled “China Makes Strides In Strategic Aviation“ When the Liaoning CV-16 was commissioned into service with the PLA Navy (PLAN) in 2012, its reliance on Z-18J airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) helicopters was immediately identified as a weakness. The ski-jump STOBAR operation of the Liaoning and second aircraft carrier currently under construction, cannot support the operation of a large, fixed wing AEW&C aircraft. CATOBAR operations, utilizing a steam or electromagnetic catapult are required to aid such large and heavy aircraft in taking off from aircraft carriers. Further evidence that China plans on building a third aircraft carrier that allows for CATOBAR operations are the discovery of what appears to be a fixed wing AEW&C aircraft, similar in appearance to the U.S. Navy’s Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye, at the Wuhan testing facility. Whether this aircraft is a prototype or a mock-up is not yet known. The large scale production of the Y-20 is a significant achievement of China’s state owned aviation industry, and forecasts China’s growing desire for a robust strategic airlift capability. Not only can the Y-20 transport a large amount of cargo or troops over a great distance, but it can even transport main battle tanks and other armored vehicles. With a maximum payload weight of 73 short tons, the Y-20 can transport the PLA’s most modern Type 99A or Type 96 MBTs, and any IFVs and APCs now in service. The aircraft has a maximum range exceeding 10,000 km (6,200 miles), and can carry a reduced payload of 40 short tons a range of 7,800 km. (4,850 miles). Range with the maximum payload of 73 short tons is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). Very similar in design, dimensions and appearance to the Boeing C-17 Globemaster and Ilyushin IL-76, the Y-20 was built to fill the roles of strategic airlift, paratroop transport, and heavy airdrop missions. It is slightly larger than the IL-76, yet smaller that a C-17. With the C-17 no longer being produced by Boeing, having halted production in 2015, the Y-20 is now the largest military transport aircraft currently in production. As China makes a concerted effort to secure its strategic interests both close to home, and as far away as the Horn of Africa, a viable strategic airlift capability is seen as essential. With a reported short takeoff ability of 700 meters, the Y-20 can supply troops and supplies to any of China’s island outposts in the South China Sea that have an airstrip, such as Woody Island, Fiery Cross Reef, Mischief Reef or Subi Reef. Any military operations in response to territorial incursions on the part of other claimants to disputed territories in the region that required invading and occupying land would greatly depend on sufficient strategic airlift support. With tensions between China and the Philippines significantly lessened with the new Duterte administration, and cordial relations with Malaysia and Brunei, the likelihood of such a scenario has greatly reduced since last summer. The aircraft can also greatly aid the PLA in maintaining the new military base at Doraleh, Djibouti. The new military base is located just eight miles from Camp Lemonnier, the largest U.S. military facility on the continent of Africa, and will serve as a logistics base capable of supporting Chinese maritime interests in the Indian Ocean, The Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf. The Japanese Self Defense Forces also operate a small logistics support center adjacent to Camp Lemonnier, and will apparently be expanding this facility in response the Chinese project. The question of Taiwan, and any future attempt to retake it by force of arms, would require a massive amphibious and airlift commitment. China lacks both at present, but as Southfront has diligently documented recently, the PLA and PLAN have greatly expanded and modernized their amphibious warfare capabilities. Any invasion of Taiwan would require not only a sizeable amphibious armada, but a substantial strategic airlift effort. The acquisition of up to a thousand Y-20s goes a long way towards building the nucleus of such a force.The development of the AG600 maritime aircraft is a case study that clearly confirms the growth of China’s aviation industry. Developed by AVIC as an amphibian aircraft meant to serve a host of civilian and military duties, although AVIC is downplaying any military role for the plane, it was designed and built in roughly two years. The Harbin SH-5, which the AG600 will replace, took a fledgling Chinese aviation industry nearly 15 years to design and produce, and only a since production run yielding 6 aircraft was the result. AVIC has received orders for 17 aircraft so far, all for the domestic market. Although the aircraft can accommodate 50 passengers, no commercial airlines have expressed interest in the design so far. It is more likely that the AG600 will be utilized by the PLAN as a long range maritime patrol aircraft. With much in common with the ShinMaywa US-2 seaplane utilized by the Japanese Maritime Self Defense forces (JMSDF), the AG600 will fill a similar role in the PLAN. The US-2 currently operates as an air-sea rescue (SAR) and maritime patrol/surveillance aircraft. It is also quite likely that the AG600 will be further developed into an anti-submarine (ASW) patrol aircraft like its predecessor the Harbin SH-5. As China strengthens its position in the South China Sea and continues to develop the defense infrastructure on a number of man-made islands, a long range SAR aircraft will be a great asset is support of PLAN and PLAAF air patrols operated from these islands. The AG-600 is equipped with retractable landing gear, and can operate from an airfield as well as from water. The reported maximum range of the AG600 is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). After decades of investing in its indigenous aviation industry, one with humble beginnings, and learning as much as possible from both Russian and U.S. aircraft design, the nation has achieved the ability to develop a real strategic airlift capability. Although still reliant on Russian aircraft  engine production to a large degree in its most modern aircraft, Chinese analogs of many other Russian designs have definitely afforded the Chinese aviation industry greater independence. The maturity of this industry in just the last decade has impressed its peers in both Russia and various Western nations. The resources and funding allocated to acquiring strategic airlift on the level expressed in official government press briefings and reported by state run media in China all communicate an obvious desire to expand the ability to both project power and respond strategically to challenges to Chinese national interests on a global scale. China is rapidly breaking free from its regional power status, and will continue to gain greater influence in global economic, political, and military spheres. China may communicate its peaceful intentions through diplomatic channels; however, it is sending a quite different message in real terms as it continues to develop and fortify its position in the South China Sea and the Horn of Africa. China is wisely seeking to protect the vital trade lanes that are its very life blood. The economic benefit from this trade has enriched the nation and helped to bring it out of an era of stagnation and subjugation to outside interests. China is once again rising to a level of global influence and importance that it has enjoyed for the overwhelming majority of its more than 5,000 years of history. It is crucial to note that over the vast majority of that same history, China has largely adopted a strategically defensive military posture, very rarely engaging in military campaigns of expansion against its neighbors. By further solidifying its position in the South China Sea, China is wisely occupying the “central position” as part of a larger defensive strategy to protect the vital trade lanes and resources that will ensure its continued prosperity. One thing is clear, China is developing the military means to defend its position as a world power and is sending a clear message to its peers that it will no longer subordinate its own national interests to those of others, regardless of their global power status. A viable aircraft carrier force and a large strategic air lift capability send a clear message to the United States and Japan, that China is determined and quite capable of securing and defending its national interests on a global scale. This increasingly assertive posture need not lead to military conflict; however, an even more assertive United States has already bristled at the possibility of relinquishing any amount of control over what it sees as its sole, global sphere of influence. If you’re able, and if you like our content and approach, please support the project. Our work wouldn’t be possible without your help: PayPal: [email protected] or via: http://southfront.org/donate/ or via: https://www.patreon.com/southfront The original source of this article is South Front Copyright © South Front, South Front, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: South Front Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Israel’s Welcome now Reserved only for Jews who Back Netanyahu Selected Articles: Trump Abandons Cooperation with Russia, White Helmets: No Such Thing as Humanitarian Terrorists, GMOs and Neoliberal Fundamentalism No Such Thing as Humanitarian Terrorists, Analyst Says of the White Helmets Sweat Shops, GMOs and Neoliberal Fundamentalism: The Agroecological Alternative to Global Capitalism Ihre Papiere, Bitte! (Your Papers, Please): Are We Being Set Up for a National ID System? Genocide and the Philippines-American War. President Rodrigo Duterte and Neocolonialism As Attack on Jobs Escalates, AFL-CIO Chief Pledges to “Partner” with Trump Administration Three Years Ago: The U.S. has Installed a Neo-Nazi Government in Ukraine To the People of Cuba: Is Washington Preparing a “Soft Coup”? The Co-optation of Cuban Intellectuals Six Years Ago: The US-NATO-Israel Sponsored Al Qaeda Insurgency in Syria. Who Was Behind The 2011 “Protest Movement”? Trump Abandons Cooperation with Russia Trump’s Wiretapping Accusation: Part of a Coup Plot? Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a “New Middle East” Donbass Is Breaking Away from an Agonized Ukraine The Politics Behind ‘Russia-gate’ Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Price Target Raised to GBX 249 at Deutsche Bank AG Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Orange SA (ORAN) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dignity Plc (DTY) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (PTCT) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.96) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital equinet AG Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €15.50 Price Target JT Stratford LLC Purchases Shares of 2,066 Boeing Co (BA) March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JT Stratford LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 2,066 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $322,000. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter valued at about $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA purchased a new stake in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares in the last quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares in the last quarter. 74.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 182.18 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $120.57 and a 52 week high of $185.71. The company has a market cap of $111.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.94 and a beta of 1.08. The company has a 50 day moving average of $168.28 and a 200-day moving average of $148.74. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th were given a $1.42 dividend. This is a positive change from Boeing’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.12%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 74.25%. “JT Stratford LLC Purchases Shares of 2,066 Boeing Co (BA)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/jt-stratford-llc-purchases-shares-of-2066-boeing-co-ba.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on BA shares. Seaport Global Securities started coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $180.00 target price on the stock. Argus raised their target price on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Boeing from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $154.17. In related news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Emtech IndiaAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Sun, Mar 05 2017. 03 35 PM IST Air India to raise $470 million for purchasing four Boeing 787 planes Air India plans to induct the four planes—part of the 27 aircraft order placed with the Boeing Inc in 2006—between July and October this year Subscribe to our newsletter. PTI Air India has 23 B787-800 planes in the fleet besides other types of Boeing and Airbus planes. Photo: Mint New Delhi: The government-owned Air India is looking to raise short-term loans worth over Rs3,000 crore to partly fund acquisition of four Boeing 787 planes. It plans to induct these four planes—part of the 27 aircraft order placed with the Boeing Inc in 2006—between July and October this year. Currently, the national airline has 23 B787-800 planes in the fleet besides other types of Boeing and Airbus planes. To fund the purchase of four more Boeing 787 aircraft, the airline is looking for banks and financial institutions to arrange bridge financing or short term loans for a period of 15 months. The bridge finance would be up to "$470 million (approximately $117.500 million per aircraft) for partly financing acquisition of four B787-8 aircraft,” as per an invitation of offer document. At the current dollar-rupee exchange rate, $470 million translates to little over Rs3,100 crore. For availing the short- term loan, the national airline would provide the aircraft as security. The loan amount would be repaid after it concludes a sale and lease back (SLB) arrangement. Under SLB arrangement, the seller of an asset leases it back from the purchaser for a long term. There would be no government guarantee for the loan, Air India has said in the document. According to the document, Air India has sold 21 planes of the 23 Boeing 787 aircraft that are currently in operations and took them back under SLB arrangement. The SLB of the two remaining planes, which were delivered to the airline between November 2106 and January this year, is under process. Back in 2006, as part of fleet expansion plans, Air India placed orders with Boeing for 68 aircraft—27 Dreamliners, 15 B777-300ERs, 8 B777-200LRs and 18 B-737-800s. Of these, Boeing has already delivered 61 planes to the airline. Apart from four B787-8s, remaining three B777-300ER are scheduled to be delivered early next year. PTI Topics: Air India Boeing 787 planes Aircraft Airbus More From Livemint READ MORE Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend First Published: Sun, Mar 05 2017. 03 33 PM IST Editor's Picks Using Economic Survey 2016-17 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Donald Trump’s new travel order applies to those seeking new US visas Latest News Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad United Breweries files appeal against winding-up order Music Broadcast IPO oversubscribed on second day Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Photos Videos Topics Live AUS 110/8 (34.2) - IND 274/10 (97.1) Live SL 155/3 (53) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# IPL 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money AI to raise $470 mln for purchasing four Boeing 787 planes Shares1 Sun, 5 Mar 2017-02:10pm , PTI The government-owned Air India is looking to raise short-term loans worth over Rs 3,000 crore to partly fund acquisition of four Boeing 787 planes. It plans to induct these four planes -- part of the 27 aircraft order placed with the Boeing Inc in 2006 -- between July and October this year. Currently, the national carrier has 23 B787-800 planes in the fleet besides other types of Boeing and Airbus planes. To fund the purchase of four more Boeing 787 aircraft, the airline is looking for banks and financial institutions to arrange bridge financing or short term loans for a period of 15 months. The bridge finance would be up to "USD 470 million (approximately USD 117.500 million per aircraft) for partly financing acquisition of four B787-8 aircraft," as per an Invitation of Offer document. At the current dollar-rupee exchange rate, USD 470 million translates to little over Rs 3,100 crore. For availing the short term loan, the national carrier would provide the aircraft as security. The loan amount would be repaid after it concludes a Sale and Lease Back (SLB) arrangement. Under SLB arrangement, the seller of an asset leases it back from the purchaser for a long term. There would be no government guarantee for the loan, Air India has said in the document. According to the document, Air India has sold 21 planes of the 23 Boeing 787 aircraft that are currently in operations and took them back under SLB arrangement. The SLB of the two remaining planes, which were delivered to the airline between November 2106 and January this year, is under process. Back in 2006, as part of fleet expansion plans, Air India placed orders with Boeing for 68 aircraft -- 27 Dreamliners, 15 B777-300ERs, 8 B777-200LRs and 18 B-737-800s. Of these, Boeing has already delivered 61 planes to the the airline. Apart from four B787-8s, remaining three B777-300ER are scheduled to be delivered early next year. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money India open to investing in US energy market: Dharmendra Pradhan Money India to grow by 7.1% in current fiscal, 7% Oct-Dec GDP growth 'somewhat surprising': Fitch Money India gaining at global energy market, to replace Russia as third largest refiner: IEA Money Sensex gains over 50 points in early trade, Nifty crosses 8,900-mark Money Binge-watchers, rejoice! Netflix signs strategic partnership with Airtel, Vodafone,Videocon d2h Money UP elections irrelevant for the domestic equity markets Live Cricket Score Live AUS 110/8 (34.2), 276/10 (122.4) AUS need 78 runs to win IND 274/10 (97.1), 189/10 (71.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 155/3 (53) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related US flight ticket cancellations rise 4% on racial attack fears; traffic may drop 30% Govt is not selling 51% in Air India, Civil Aviation Secy says Jet Air offers a billion miles to lure fliers Video Watch: What the hell is Chammak Challo? Here's what happens when you rewrite sexist Bollywood lyrics! WATCH: This song about demonetization blues is a laugh riot! WATCH: Mallika Dua has a hilarious way to promote safe sex in AIB's new video! View all Tags Air India SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News President condoles death of former Lok Sabha Speaker Rabi Ray Syrian army advances on IS-held water supplies for Aleppo - monitor, military source Gorhe concerned over woman leaders getting lewd msgs Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban - foreign ministry TN govt to bear expenses for air lifting student from Georgia Sport #INDvAUS, 2nd Test: India on the verge of a famous win as Australia are reduced to 101 for 6 at Tea Rugby-Lions without five Boks for Buenos Aires cat fight Champions League: Barcelona believe in Paris Saint-Germain 'miracle' mission Tennis-Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month `Out-of-favour` Akmal declares himself fit to make Pak return Entertainment ​​Sonam Kapoor ​REVEALS which is​​ ​her favourite book to read!​ Doctor Who: Peter Capaldi's Time Lord will end the run fighting old foes, Mondasian Cybermen Bipasha Basu BREAKS SILENCE on being accused of unprofessional behaviour! CBFC wants 11 cuts in 'Anaarkali of Aarah': producer After his stellar performance in Karan Johar produced Money Blowhorn raises Rs 25 crore from IDG Ventures, others PFC provides Rs 2,703 cr to WB's 1st super critical project Copper, nickel weaken on global cues, muted demand Paytm to dismiss cancellation charge for bus ticket bookings The product offerings form the front-line in the passenger Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest News Election Analytics Gossip Compare India IPL News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest NewsElection AnalyticsGossipCompare IndiaIPLNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Election Analytics Gossip Compare India IPL News18 Movie Awards 2017 Air India to Raise $470 Million for Purchasing Four Boeing 787 Planes United States Imposes Anti-Dumping Duty on Off Road Tyres from India Finance Bill to be Passed Before March 31: Arun Jaitley Reliance Capital Sells Paytm Stake to Alibaba Group for Rs 275 Crore News18 » Business 1-min read Air India to Raise $470 Million for Purchasing Four Boeing 787 Planes Press Trust Of India Updated: March 5, 2017, 2:11 PM IST Representative image (Reuters) New Delhi: The government-owned Air India is looking to raise short-term loans worth over Rs 3,000 crore to partly fund acquisition of four Boeing 787 planes. It plans to induct these four planes — part of the 27 aircraft order placed with the Boeing Inc in 2006 — between July and October this year. Currently, the national carrier has 23 B787-800 planes in the fleet besides other types of Boeing and Airbus planes. To fund the purchase of four more Boeing 787 aircraft, the airline is looking for banks and financial institutions to arrange bridge financing or short term loans for a period of 15 months. The bridge finance would be up to "$470 million (approximately $117.500 million per aircraft) for partly financing acquisition of four B787-8 aircraft," as per an Invitation of Offer document. At the current dollar-rupee exchange rate, $470 million translates to little over Rs 3,100 crore. For availing the short term loan, the national carrier would provide the aircraft as security. The loan amount would be repaid after it concludes a Sale and Lease Back (SLB) arrangement. Under SLB arrangement, the seller of an asset leases it back from the purchaser for a long term. There would be no government guarantee for the loan, Air India has said in the document. According to the document, Air India has sold 21 planes of the 23 Boeing 787 aircraft that are currently in operations and took them back under SLB arrangement. The SLB of the two remaining planes, which were delivered to the airline between November 2106 and January this year, is under process. Back in 2006, as part of fleet expansion plans, Air India placed orders with Boeing for 68 aircraft — 27 Dreamliners, 15 B777-300ERs, 8 B777-200LRs and 18 B-737-800s. Of these, Boeing has already delivered 61 planes to the the airline. Apart from four B787-8s, remaining three B777-300ER are scheduled to be delivered early next year. Air India air india fleet Airbus Boeing 787 First Published: March 5, 2017, 2:11 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Chef Sanjeev Kapoor Talks About Padma Shri, Curating Menu For Indian Railways Apple iPhone 6 32GB Space Grey Variant Available for Rs 28,999 on Amazon.in #UnitedByHalf | UCB's New Campaign Tells You Women Are Equal Halves Warner Dismissal Allows Cricket Australia to Create BCCI-Like Debate Noor Trailer: You've Not Seen This Side of Sonakshi Sinha Yet About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News BCCI Takes a Dig at Steven Smith, Full-blown Twitter War Begins Symantec Releases Automated Solution to Protect Users from 'Cloudbleed' Narendra Modi Live: PM to Address a Rally in Surat Smartphones Need to Manage Notifications Better Nubia to Launch Smartphone For Photographers Soon Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Space exploration Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Long Beach State Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Long Beach Guide Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/presstelegram Home â News â Space exploration Virgin Orbit seen as boost for Long Beach after aircraft plants close A scale model of LauncherOne at Virgin Orbit in Long Beach on March 3, 2017. The company, formerly Virgin Galactic, focuses on small-satellite launch services that will be provided by LauncherOne and its Cosmic Girl carrier airplane, a modified Boeing 747 jet. Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG By Andrew Edwards, Press-Telegram Posted: 03/04/17, 5:36 PM PST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments The break/meeting area at Virgin Orbit includes seats from its 747 launch airplane in Long Beach on March 3, 2017. The company, formerly Virgin Galactic, focuses on small-satellite launch services that will be provided by LauncherOne and its Cosmic Girl carrier airplane, a modified Boeing 747 jet. Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG Long Beach may still be a place where flying machines and other high-tech products are built, even if factories where thousands of workers assemble big jets are a relic of the past. That’s the prospect after Thursday’s announcement that a new company called Virgin Orbit would be formed to build rockets that officials hope will transform space launches into a relatively inexpensive venture. The company, however, is new in name only. The team, part of billionaire Richard Branson’s Virgin Group, had already been active in Long Beach for about two years. Virgin Group now has three companies focused on different aspects of private spaceflight, an industry where high-profile billionaires such as Branson, Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are furthering the cause of space travel as being something private enterprises, not just superpower governments, can do. Space for tech Long Beach had been home to assembly plants for such aircraft as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport jet and the Boeing 717 and Douglas DC-8 passenger jets. Earlier, Douglas Co. workers built B-17 bombers and the DC-3 passenger aircraft in Long Beach. Boeing’s C-17 plant closed in late 2015 after the assembly of its 279th and final Globemaster III. Months prior to the plant’s closure, a Wall Street Journal headline declared to the nation that Boeing’s phase out of C-17 production signified the “end of Southern California’s jet age.” Reacting to Virgin Orbit’s announcement last week, Long Beach Area Chamber of Commerce Chief Executive Randy Gordon said the company’s doing business in Long Beach helps to fulfill former Mayor Beverly O’Neill’s dream of the city becoming a place for trade, tourism and technology. “It will certainly bring new technology and prestigious names to Long Beach,” Gordon said. Gordon pointed to document imagery company Laserfiche and Epson America as previous examples of tech companies settling in Long Beach. Virgin Orbit’s headquarters is in Douglas Park, the northeast Long Beach cluster of new industrial and commercial developments on former Boeing Co. property. Mercedes-Benz USA opened its West Coast headquarters there in late 2015. And Shimadzu Precision Instruments moved its U.S. headquarters and assembly plant from Torrance to Douglas Park in the same year. Shimadzu Precision Instruments produces aircraft equipment and is the subsidiary of a Japanese firm. Advertisement “I think it’s really exciting that we’re doing this in Long Beach, on top of an area that used to produce commercial aircraft,” Galactic Ventures Chief Executive George T. Whitesides said. New markets for new tech California Employment Development Department data show Los Angeles County manufacturers employed an estimated 116,000 people in aerospace parts and product manufacturing in December 1991, the final month of the Soviet Union’s existence. As of this past January, aerospace employment in the county was nowhere near the levels of the Cold War. Some 36,200 people working in Los Angeles County had jobs in the field. Nonetheless, Virgin Orbit vice president of special projects Will Pomerantz said the local availability of talent with aerospace expertise motivated company leaders to set up shop in Long Beach. At present, Virgin Orbit has about 250 people, mostly engineers and technicians, working in Long Beach. Virgin Orbit announced its existence two years and one day after Virgin Galactic moved into a 180,000-square-foot assembly plant in eastern Long Beach. Almost all of the new company’s floor space is devoted to giving engineers and technicians a place to design, manufacture and assemble a new rocket that Virgin Orbit executives say has the potential to deliver a small payload into space at a relatively low price. “We’re not trying to fly the biggest rockets,” Pomerantz said while providing a tour of Virgin Orbit’s facility. “We’re trying to fly the most rockets, or the most affordable rockets.” Virgin Orbit’s rocket, LauncherOne, is designed to attach below the wing of a specially modified Boeing 747 jumbo jet named Cosmic Girl and to be fired like a missile into outer space while the jet is in midair at an altitude of roughly 35,000 feet. The rocket itself measures to nearly 70 feet long and can weigh some 55,000 pounds when carrying fuel and its satellite payload. Virgin Orbit’s rocket designs for LauncherOne call for two-stage rockets to be assembled from carbon composite materials. Each stage has a single engine, and Pomerantz said the launchers need to be built to withstand the stresses occurring at velocities as fast as 25 times the speed of sound. LauncherOne’s first launch into outer space may take place by year’s end, Pomerantz said. If all goes according to plan, Virgin Orbit would eventually become capable of producing 24 launch vehicles annually. The cost for a customer who wants to hire Virgin Orbit to send a small satellite into space may be about $10 million to $12 million. That’s why Pomerantz said Virgin Orbit engineers are employing proven technologies like RP-1 fuel — “it’s got a fancy name, but it’s kerosene and oxygen” — and cutting edge equipment such as a DMG Mori Lasertec 4300 3D, a machine that Pomerantz said can print 3-D rocket components that are themselves composed of various types of metal. “We are not counting on this for our first flight,” he said. “This is a science project.” Among Southern California’s spaceflight companies, there’s a lot of difference between what SpaceX and Virgin Orbit are seeking to do. Space X flies larger rockets than what Virgin Galactic aims to do with LauncherOne and has already delivered supplies to the International Space Station and made significant advances toward the development of reusable heavy rocket stages. Space X advertises a $62 million price for a customer who wants to hire a Falcon 9 to send a payload all the way into geosynchronous transfer orbit, a path through space from where it’s possible for a satellite to enter a high-earth geosynchronous orbit. A geosynchronous orbit, according to NASA, is roughly 22,000 miles above the Earth’s surface and sufficiently far enough into outer space that a communications or weather satellite can stick to a single line of longitude. In other words, the satellite’s orbit is in sync with the Earth’s rotation. Space X’s Falcon 9 has nine first-stage engines and a single-second stage engine in order to carry 18,300 pounds of payload into geosynchronous transfer orbit Virgin Orbit’s Launcher- One, by way of contrast, is designed to send a payload on the order of 1,100 pounds (and, per Pomerantz, about the size of a dishwasher or washing machine) about 124 miles above the planet’s surface, into low-Earth orbit. Satellites in low-Earth orbit are moving relative to the Earth, but can still be employed to capture images of what’s occurring on the planet’s surface, Dan Hart, the newly named company’s president, said. A large of number of satellites gathering scientific and weather data, such as the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, are in low-Earth orbit, according to NASA. A new frontier for future engineers Virgin Orbit is privately held, Pomerantz said. Virgin Group and Aabar Investments, of the United Arab Emirates, have invested hundreds of millions of dollars into the company’s development. Private spaceflight companies such as Virgin Orbit and SpaceX are in a situation that’s analogous to aviation pioneers doing business in the first years of powered flight, said Forouzan Golshani, dean of the College of Engineering at Cal State Long Beach. “What these companies are doing is very important,” he said. “These are the brave leaders of industry that will pave the way for spaceflight being like flying from L.A. to New York,” he said. Cal State Long Beach has already established a relationship with Virgin Orbit. At least 25 graduates of the Long Beach campus work for Virgin, according to information provided by the campus. Three students interned with Virgin in summer 2016. Propulsion development engineer Nicole Lewis is among the young engineers working for Virgin Orbit. Lewis, a self-described “space nerd,” said she obtained her employment after earning a bachelor’s degree from Columbia University, where she studied mechanical engineering. She said she interned with United Launch Alliance, Boeing and Virgin before being hired in August 2015. A major aspect of her job working on the LauncherOne is helping engineers working in the propulsion, launch operations and structure groups solve design problems that require people with different areas of expertise to work together. The job involves a lot of pressure, but not in a way that gets people down, she said. “Yes, but in a way that people are able to respond to it and do a lot of good work,” Lewis said. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at aedwards@scng.com or follow Andrew on Twitter: @AndrewEdwardsLB. Full bio and more articles by Andrew Edwards Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Long Beach Press Telegram Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © Long Beach Press Telegram Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   Boeing isn’t a story of jobs disappearing. They’re just moving to South Carolina posted at 1:01 pm on March 4, 2017 by Jazz Shaw Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Aerospace giant Boeing is back in the news again, though not for the sort of thing they would generally like to see. The company announced this week through union representatives that roughly 1800 people would be losing their jobs. The layoffs are taking the form of “buyouts” which include a few generous incentives on their way out the door at the company’s facilities in Washington state. (UPI) More than 1,800 unionized employees of Boeing will leave the company through voluntary buyouts, two unions announced. Personnel cuts in Boeing’s commercial aircraft division, where the formerly Seattle-based company has about half of its 75,000 employees, were announced in December. The International Association of Machinists, which represents workers in Washington State, said about 1,500 of its members will accept the offered buyouts, which include a week of severance pay for every year of service and six months of medical coverage. The Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, representing engineers and aircraft inspectors, said 305 members will also accept buyouts, involving the same severance pay but only three months of medical coverage. This is certainly bad news for the workers and their families, not to mention the community in general. But it’s hard to ignore the almost gleeful tone being taken by some journalists since any bad news on the jobs front is big news now that Donald Trump is in office. The linked article even manages to close with a quote from the President earlier this year, saying that “American industry is roaring back,” and jobs is one of the big reasons for his victory. Of course, there’s another aspect of the story which is receiving little to no mention. That quote from Donald Trump was not delivered in Washington state. It came from remarks he made in South Carolina where Boeing also has quite a bit of activity taking place, but it doesn’t involve workers being laid off. It’s a story of thousands of new hires and new models of planes rolling off the production line while workers reject membership in the same unions making this week’s announcement. (Fox News) Nearly three-quarters of eligible production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the International Association of Machinists in a major setback for organized labor. The Post & Courier newspaper reported that 2,097 of 2,828 voting workers — 74.2 percent — cast ballots against unionization. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. So 1800 workers in Washington are finding themselves unemployed. At the same time, more than 3000 people in the Palmetto State have gone to work, begun training and started pumping new life into the economy. So why aren’t the two unions in Washington who are making this doleful announcement talking about that story? I’m just taking a shot in the dark here, but it might be because South Carolina is a right to work state and the union has already been roundly rejected by the workers there who want to see the business grow and not kill the new goose which is suddenly laying a considerable quantity of golden eggs. Boeing is not crashing and burning, nor is the economy collapsing. What we’re seeing is a rebalancing of resources where employers are going to places where there is an available pool of skilled labor and they can simultaneously keep labor costs under control to remain competitive in a challenging global market. Much like everything else in our capitalist system, such transitions produce winners and losers. Unfortunately for the employees of Boeing, their unions have opened the door to the “loser” side of the equation hitting the folks in Washington state while the benefits accrue to the citizens of South Carolina. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: airplane, Boeing, jobs, South Carolina, unions, Washington Related Posts: Will Congress finally at least scale back “official time” for government worker unions? South Carolina Boeing workers reject unionization bid Disappointment: Trump rumored to be preparing to resurrect the Ex-Im Bank Breaking on Hot Air “Walking Dead” grumble thread: Let’s talk about that sword toss Unfriendly skies: Iran, North Korea test missile systems over the weekend Democratic professor caught in student protest: ‘I feared for my life’ Blowback   “Walking Dead” grumble thread: Let’s talk about that sword toss Unfriendly skies: Iran, North Korea test missile systems over the weekend Democratic professor caught in student protest: ‘I feared for my life’ Report: Trump putting potential diplomatic deal with Russia on the back burner US to Israel: Not so fast on the one-state solution Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump Russia Jeff Sessions Federal Bureau of Investigation Barack Obama speech ObamaCare wiretap kellyanne conway travel ban mattis Obama Chuck Schumer recusal White House house Hillary Clinton GOP wiretapping Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Nancy Pelosi Paul Ryan Yemen president trump amusement park grumble guns michonne rick sword thread toss Walking Dead zombies China Iran Iran deal Japan missiles North Korea South Korea THAAD Allison Stanger charles murray middlebury protest comey diplomacy flynn © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Business Directory Editorial Board-Staff Books Custom Weapons Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Manbij: Turkey Asks Russia and US to “Attack their own allies…and themselves” Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world Trump signs new executive order on immigration Syrian troops attacking east to capture water treatment plant on Lake Assad Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason NEO – Welcome to Dubai and Globalist Insanity 2017 Syrian War Report – March 6, 2017: Govt Troops Rapidly Advancing In Aleppo Province ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. View Latest Posts >>> Must Read: China Prepares To Expand Its Sphere Of Influence By South Front on March 4, 2017 China Expands Its Strategic Airlift Capability, …from SouthFront Although combat aircraft such as the J-31 stealth fighter and J-15 aircraft carrier strike aircraft have made most of the headlines, China has made significant accomplishments in the realm of military transport, long range maritime patrol and carrier borne AEW&C aircraft over the past year. First operational in 2016, the Y-20 military transport is now the largest such aircraft in production in the world. Roughly the size of the Boeing C-17 Globemaster, the Y-20 is a crucial component in China’s growing ability to expand its strategic power projection capabilities. After initially expressing a need for 400 of these aircraft, the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) later stated that this number was revised to 1000. AVIC began production of the AG600 seaplane in July of 2016. The AG600 is a large flying boat, capable of landing and taking off on water, or on land-based airstrips, as it has a conventional, retractable tricycle landing gear. It is similar in size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus 320 airliner, and the largest seaplane currently in production anywhere in the world. The stated role of the aircraft is search and rescue, firefighting and humanitarian relief; however, it may also be slated to supplement the Harbin SH-5 in long range anti-submarine warfare (ASW) patrols and aerial reconnaissance. When the Liaoning CV-16 was commissioned into service with the PLA Navy (PLAN) in 2012, its reliance on Z-18J airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) helicopters was immediately identified as a weakness. The ski-jump STOBAR operation of the Liaoning and second aircraft carrier currently under construction, cannot support the operation of a large, fixed wing AEW&C aircraft. CATOBAR operations, utilizing a steam or electromagnetic catapult are required to aid such large and heavy aircraft in taking off from aircraft carriers. Further evidence that China plans on building a third aircraft carrier that allows for CATOBAR operations are the discovery of what appears to be a fixed wing AEW&C aircraft, similar in appearance to the U.S. Navy’s Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye, at the Wuhan testing facility. Whether this aircraft is a prototype or a mock-up is not yet known. The large scale production of the Y-20 is a significant achievement of China’s state owned aviation industry, and forecasts China’s growing desire for a robust strategic airlift capability. Not only can the Y-20 transport a large amount of cargo or troops over a great distance, but it can even transport main battle tanks and other armored vehicles. With a maximum payload weight of 73 short tons, the Y-20 can transport the PLA’s most modern Type 99A or Type 96 MBTs, and any IFVs and APCs now in service. The aircraft has a maximum range exceeding 10,000 km (6,200 miles), and can carry a reduced payload of 40 short tons a range of 7,800 km. (4,850 miles). Range with the maximum payload of 73 short tons is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). Very similar in design, dimensions and appearance to the Boeing C-17 Globemaster and Ilyushin IL-76, the Y-20 was built to fill the roles of strategic airlift, paratroop transport, and heavy airdrop missions. It is slightly larger than the IL-76, yet smaller that a C-17. With the C-17 no longer being produced by Boeing, having halted production in 2015, the Y-20 is now the largest military transport aircraft currently in production. As China makes a concerted effort to secure its strategic interests both close to home, and as far away as the Horn of Africa, a viable strategic airlift capability is seen as essential. With a reported short takeoff ability of 700 meters, the Y-20 can supply troops and supplies to any of China’s island outposts in the South China Sea that have an airstrip, such as Woody Island, Fiery Cross Reef, Mischief Reef or Subi Reef. Any military operations in response to territorial incursions on the part of other claimants to disputed territories in the region that required invading and occupying land would greatly depend on sufficient strategic airlift support. With tensions between China and the Philippines significantly lessened with the new Duterte administration, and cordial relations with Malaysia and Brunei, the likelihood of such a scenario has greatly reduced since last summer. The aircraft can also greatly aid the PLA in maintaining the new military base at Doraleh, Djibouti. The new military base is located just eight miles from Camp Lemonnier, the largest U.S. military facility on the continent of Africa, and will serve as a logistics base capable of supporting Chinese maritime interests in the Indian Ocean, The Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf. The Japanese Self Defense Forces also operate a small logistics support center adjacent to Camp Lemonnier, and will apparently be expanding this facility in response the Chinese project. The question of Taiwan, and any future attempt to retake it by force of arms, would require a massive amphibious and airlift commitment. China lacks both at present, but as Southfront has diligently documented recently, the PLA and PLAN have greatly expanded and modernized their amphibious warfare capabilities. Any invasion of Taiwan would require not only a sizeable amphibious armada, but a substantial strategic airlift effort. The acquisition of up to a thousand Y-20s goes a long way towards building the nucleus of such a force.The development of the AG600 maritime aircraft is a case study that clearly confirms the growth of China’s aviation industry. Developed by AVIC as an amphibian aircraft meant to serve a host of civilian and military duties, although AVIC is downplaying any military role for the plane, it was designed and built in roughly two years. The Harbin SH-5, which the AG600 will replace, took a fledgling Chinese aviation industry nearly 15 years to design and produce, and only a since production run yielding 6 aircraft was the result. AVIC has received orders for 17 aircraft so far, all for the domestic market. Although the aircraft can accommodate 50 passengers, no commercial airlines have expressed interest in the design so far. It is more likely that the AG600 will be utilized by the PLAN as a long range maritime patrol aircraft. With much in common with the ShinMaywa US-2 seaplane utilized by the Japanese Maritime Self Defense forces (JMSDF), the AG600 will fill a similar role in the PLAN. The US-2 currently operates as an air-sea rescue (SAR) and maritime patrol/surveillance aircraft. It is also quite likely that the AG600 will be further developed into an anti-submarine (ASW) patrol aircraft like its predecessor the Harbin SH-5. As China strengthens its position in the South China Sea and continues to develop the defense infrastructure on a number of man-made islands, a long range SAR aircraft will be a great asset is support of PLAN and PLAAF air patrols operated from these islands. The AG-600 is equipped with retractable landing gear, and can operate from an airfield as well as from water. The reported maximum range of the AG600 is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). After decades of investing in its indigenous aviation industry, one with humble beginnings, and learning as much as possible from both Russian and U.S. aircraft design, the nation has achieved the ability to develop a real strategic airlift capability. Although still reliant on Russian aircraft  engine production to a large degree in its most modern aircraft, Chinese analogs of many other Russian designs have definitely afforded the Chinese aviation industry greater independence. The maturity of this industry in just the last decade has impressed its peers in both Russia and various Western nations. The resources and funding allocated to acquiring strategic airlift on the level expressed in official government press briefings and reported by state run media in China all communicate an obvious desire to expand the ability to both project power and respond strategically to challenges to Chinese national interests on a global scale. China is rapidly breaking free from its regional power status, and will continue to gain greater influence in global economic, political, and military spheres. China may communicate its peaceful intentions through diplomatic channels; however, it is sending a quite different message in real terms as it continues to develop and fortify its position in the South China Sea and the Horn of Africa. China is wisely seeking to protect the vital trade lanes that are its very life blood. The economic benefit from this trade has enriched the nation and helped to bring it out of an era of stagnation and subjugation to outside interests. China is once again rising to a level of global influence and importance that it has enjoyed for the overwhelming majority of its more than 5,000 years of history. It is crucial to note that over the vast majority of that same history, China has largely adopted a strategically defensive military posture, very rarely engaging in military campaigns of expansion against its neighbors. By further solidifying its position in the South China Sea, China is wisely occupying the “central position” as part of a larger defensive strategy to protect the vital trade lanes and resources that will ensure its continued prosperity. One thing is clear, China is developing the military means to defend its position as a world power and is sending a clear message to its peers that it will no longer subordinate its own national interests to those of others, regardless of their global power status. A viable aircraft carrier force and a large strategic air lift capability send a clear message to the United States and Japan, that China is determined and quite capable of securing and defending its national interests on a global scale. This increasingly assertive posture need not lead to military conflict; however, an even more assertive United States has already bristled at the possibility of relinquishing any amount of control over what it sees as its sole, global sphere of influence. Related Posts: Trump’s Nuclear Doctrine May Involve China in Strategic Arms Reduction ISIS expands the influence in Libya SouthFront: China expands security reach in Central Asia Trump Tells AIPAC: I’m Not Here to Pander–and Then Proceeds to Pander Trump’s Nationalism facilitating China’s rise to Global Leadership The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on March 4, 2017, With 1550 Reads Filed under Military. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 4 Responses to "Must Read: China Prepares To Expand Its Sphere Of Influence" wjabbe  March 5, 2017 at 5:02 pm China has many intelligent and industrious people. They have an aptitude for mathematics, physics, chemistry, science and engineering. A few years ago they constructed a 30 story hotel in two weeks! I had a friend many years ago at Berkeley Sheng Ma. He brought pirated copies of many of our textbooks but when most of us finished our undergraduate degrees he had taken all the advanced graduate level physics and most mathematics courses as well. He quickly became a professor of physics in the UC system. Unfortunately he died of cancer. He was a wonderful kind human being. He lived at the co op where I lived Oxford Hall where everyone worked 5 hours per week to keep costs down. I was manager in my last semester. Sheng was a genius level student. Americans must wake up and stop treating some of these other great countries with contempt. One of these days we are going to be taught a hard rude lesson. There are now many populations of the world better than we are. Log in to Reply wjabbe  March 6, 2017 at 10:02 am http://library.ucsd.edu/speccoll/findingaids/mss0100.html Quote from above link: “General correspondence contains Ma’s letters to and from researchers and visiting professors he sponsored, colleagues at other universities, and the administrators of his department. In addition, this subseries includes Ma’s letters to editors and publishers of scientific journals in his capacity as a referee. Also included are Ma’s recommendation of Bernd Matthias for a Nobel Prize in physics and a letter to Ma’s congressman protesting the violation of human rights in Israel.” This quote shows he was not just a top theoretical physicist working in the ivory tower of statistical mechanics, but also had the courage to speak up about human rights issues. He evidently started out as a research associate for Bruckner at UC San Diego in 1966, promoted to tenure position Associate Professor about 1971 and full professor in 1975. He tragically died in 1983 of lung cancer. His name was spelled Shang-keng Ma. Mr. Jang  March 5, 2017 at 12:13 am just had a week in Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong, Dr. Only one word to describe it: Wow. I think I might just have witnessed the future. The purchasing power alone. Not difficult to project that into future ‘defense’ capabilities coming down the pipe The sooner the Koreans and Japanese ditch the American dead-weight firmly ensconced in their ‘sphere (literally, given the size of some o’ these guys and their dependents – that right there’s a whole lot of calories – and bored dudes) and start talking/trading more with Papa Beijing, the better for them. It is just so effing obvious that that way forward is the future for them. (Could that be why Park was ditched and Moon had his ass kicked back to New York after barely a scratch n’ sniff, I wonder? The next few months, and the THAAD decision – yay or nay, will soon reveal all.) Log in to Reply Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta  March 4, 2017 at 3:55 pm Please view the above “Must Watch” video in conjunction with today’s VT “Intel Drop.” Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Manbij: Turkey Asks Russia and US to “Attack their own allies…and themselves” Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world Trump signs new executive order on immigration Syrian troops attacking east to capture water treatment plant on Lake Assad Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason NEO – Welcome to Dubai and Globalist Insanity 2017 Syrian War Report – March 6, 2017: Govt Troops Rapidly Advancing In Aleppo Province Bitter Harvest: Stalin’s genocidal famine on the big screen? Democrats and Pizzagate? The Debate – 2017 French Presidential Election Trump accuses Obama of wiretapping his tower A Dose of Very Nasty Truth: Trump Clears Rearming Al Qaeda in Yemen, US Troops to Train Terrorists Manbij: Turkey-Led Euphrates Shield Suffers Heavy Casualties in Failed Attack on US/SDF Positions “False flag” just entered mainstream vocabulary – THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING VT Syria: Trump looks for a share in Syria after Aleppo and Palmyra liberation False Flag: Assad has used chemical weapons again Guardian: ‘Gun for hire’: how Jeff Sessions used his prosecuting power to target Democrats Maria Zakharova to CNN reporter: “stop spreading lies and fake news” Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable Babylonian Endgame – Hell on Earth (9282) Exclusive: Russia Issues Ultimatum to Turkey (8995) The Rothschilds Own John McCain (7029) Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable (4902) The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson (4243) Democrats and Pizzagate? (3756) Video of Israel’s Secret Nuclear Program by Arab Media Causes Panic (2994) Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason (2944) Breaking: Attorney General Sessions Met with Russians, Lied Under Oath…”Lock Him Up!” (2907) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) (2872) Amelius: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Garry Compton: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Well Aware: Bitter Harvest: Stalin’s genocidal famine on the big screen? David Odell: Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world PQ: The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson David Odell: Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Poppadop: Trump accuses Obama of wiretapping his tower Roger scott: NEO – So Much More Than Nukes Aftab shah: Democrats and Pizzagate? VT Readers Poll Is it acceptable for foreign government to intervene and participate in the Election of a U.S. President? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive VT Radio Shows PUNISH RADIO with Johnny Punish SHORT END OF THE STICK with Mike Harris TCK RADIO with Eric Gajewski TRUTH JIHAD with Kevin Barrett Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja Camillo Mac Bica,.. Denis G. Rancourt Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson F. William Engdahl Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Michael Chester Michael Shrimpton Nahed Al-Husaini Press TV Preston James, Ph.D South Front Stuart Littlewood Personal Finance View all Mountain of mortgage paperwork wears down borrowers Mountain of mortgage paperwork wears down borrowers Sound Money Is Rising at the State Level Home loan sweeteners disappear National News View all D-Day veterans delight as fallen comrades finally get proper memorial D-Day veterans delight as fallen comrades finally get proper memorial Head of state veterans home at King reassigned amid turmoil Dreams for Veterans Fulfills U.S. Marine Corps Reservist Final Dream Foundation News View all Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Stand Down helps veterans Stand Down helps veterans Faulconer’s Homeless Veterans Program Quietly Misses Deadline New bill could help veterans impacted by ITT shutdown Network News View all VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? Esteemed mental health author SJ Hart joins Veterans Today News team VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN   Listen Live Radio TV Video Royal Road of the Cross: On the Advantages of Tribulations Mass Graves in Ireland and the Roots of Genocide Mike Harris: Nahed Al Housaini and Dr. Bassam Baraka in Syria with an update Speaking Truth to Empire discusses strategic nonviolent intervention in lethal conflict areas Do You Really Wanna Build A Wall? NFL Star Refuses to Go to Israel TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Trump Opens McCains Treasonous Can of Worms NEO – Has Trump Been Secretly Stripped of His Presidency? Breaking: How the Trump regime was manufactured by a war inside the Deep State (Update!) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Exclusive: Trump, Netanyahu Used Flynn to “Catfish” Putin Babylonian Endgame – Hell on Earth Exclusive: Russia Issues Ultimatum to Turkey Pravda: First Lady Melania Trump lost in America Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The Zionist-Christian Alliance and the Great Deception Marine Prayer Request for Darkhorse not what it seems Russia calls for elimination of New World Order Busted: Trump Sends Secret FBI Task Force to Stage False Flag, Blame Vets at Standing Rock VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble The Fall of David Bowie Israel gets caught trying to create World War III—again The Rothschilds Own John McCain NEO – America’s Civil War has begun with Balkanization to follow Part III: Abuse of American Men and castration of Mind and Heart JOHN MCCAIN: AID AND COMFORT Angelina Jolie is scared to expose pedophiles in Hollywood The Industry Killed Prince “You think our country’s so innocent?” USA stole MH-370 and killed the passengers Kabbalah or Jewish magic is at the core of the New World Order Trump right about Hanoi John McCain 22 Billion Dollars found: Photos of a Mexican drug lord’s home after being raided Breaking: The Idiot Can’t Even Read Raping German Women and Children as a Form of Revenge After WWII (Part I) Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind U.S. Representative Maxine Walters: Russia is invading Korea! Down Here on the Farm (Part II) 35 Things the Ruling Cabal Does Not Want You to Know BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: Trump wants Zionist Mercenary Kapo to Control All US Security and Intel Functions Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable Qatari princess having sex with seven men Hellstorm: The Rape and Mass Murder of German Women after WWII GAMMA RADIATION REPORT: YRTW SOL No 3 and 4 Over 4,000 people came to this breakthrough 9/11 truth event! The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Steve Bannon is preparing Trump for a holy war Trump and Bannon’s Yemen Disaster and Shame, Hiding Behind the Dead Breaking: Trump and Netanyahu: 6 Million to Be Transported to “Safe Zones” Pravda: Trump: Sit down, shut up and listen! Gen. McMaster is right! There is no “radical Islamic terrorism” “Anti-Semitism” Is Morally and Intellectually Imploding CIA Head, Pompeo Leaked Fake “All Clear” to Media in Russiagate Coverup Democrats and Pizzagate? The Roots of Trump, Violence Won’t Be Enough (video) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends A Test of Payout Health Free cash flow and earnings growth are important criteria of strong payout providers. But don’t ignore credit ratings. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 4, 2017 When it comes to assessing the health of a company’s dividend, strong free cash flow and earnings growth are often cited as key clues. Another important one that can get overlooked is a company’s credit rating. “What you want is a margin of safety,” says Scott Davis, portfolio co-manager of the Columbia Dividend Income fund (ticker: LBSAX). “The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site 3 years on, MH370 next-of-kin launch campaign to start new search News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Asia Pacific 3 years on, MH370 next-of-kin launch campaign to start new search When asked about this private search, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said 'everyone can come in and help' and that next-of-kin had come up with good proposals. By Sumisha Naidu, Malaysia Correspondent, Channel NewsAsia Posted 04 Mar 2017 17:45 Updated 04 Mar 2017 17:55 Wife of Paul Weeks - who was on MH370 - Danica Weeks and her two kids at a remembrance event marking three years since the plane disappeared. (Photo: Sumisha Naidu) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A KUALA LUMPUR: The next-of-kin of those onboard the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have launched a campaign to initiate a privantely funded search for the plane, almost three years after the Boeing 777 vanished off radar screens. The Australian, Malaysian and Chinese governments announced a suspension of the underwater search for the Beijing-bound aircraft in July 2016 after more than two years of scouring a zone determined by experts in the southern Indian Ocean. "I hope the journey we are on will come to a stop once we find the plane," - Jacquita Gomes, wife of #MH370 in-flight supervisor Patrick. pic.twitter.com/l1cpv0z4U3— Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 4, 2017 Speaking at an event marking the third year since its disappearance on Saturday (Mar 4), the families said they are hoping to kick-start an alternative search in an area further north of the previous search zone - based on debris findings and drift modeling analysis - but it would require at least US$15 million. When asked about this private search, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said "everyone can come in and help" and that next-of-kin had come up with good proposals. "We will discuss this," he said, when asked if the Malaysian government would contribute to the private search. "The government of Malaysia has and always will stand with you," - Transport Minister @liowtionglai to loved ones of those onboard #MH370 pic.twitter.com/dG5UzKSUEI— Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 4, 2017 He added that two more suspected pieces of debris were found about two weeks ago in South Africa, bringing the total amount of suspected debris found to 27 pieces. Of the 27, only three have been confirmed to be from MH370 due to "its unique manufacturing serial numbers confirmed by Boeing", while five are only almost certain to be from MH370 "due to lack of serial numbers, but is confirmed to be part of a Boeing 777". The only missing Boeing 777 in South Indian Ocean is MH370, said the Transport Minister, and the rest of the debris are still being verified and analysed. "Speaking of debris management, currently, we have a standard operating procedure by means of a MOU (memorandum of understanding) with states along the African coasts including Madagascar, Mauritius and Maldives," Liow said in his speech at the remembrance event. "Upon discovery of a debris, the respective authorities in that particular state will notify Malaysia and send us a high-resolution photo. “If the debris is an object of interest - for example, materials of an aircraft - the respective authorities will take custody of the item. "Then we will either send a team to retrieve (the object of interest) from the authorities in that country or we will get help from our nearest foreign mission to take custody, or if the area is too remote we will make arrangements with the authorities over there to courier the debris back to Malaysia," Liow said.   - CNA/ek Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Buying ‘political insulation’: Liberals to call for bids in 2019 for permanent fleet to replace CF-18s David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen  03.05.2017 he Liberal government plans to request bids for a new fleet of fighter jets as early as 2019 A model of the Boeing Co. F/A-18F Super Hornet aircraft sits on display at company's booth during the Aero India air show at Air Force Station Yelahanka in Bengaluru, India, on Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. A Canadian CF-18 Hornet flies beside two Portuguese F16 Flying Falcons over Lithuania on Sept. 15, 2014. ShareAdjustCommentPrint The Liberal government plans to request bids for a new fleet of fighter jets as early as 2019, which would coincide with the next federal election. That move, along with the push by the Liberals to have the first of the interim Super Hornet fighter aircraft delivered by that year, could help blunt criticism about bungled military procurements and delays in buying a new jet, say military insiders and analysts. Public Services and Procurement Canada confirmed the 2019 date for the release to industry of the request for proposals for the permanent fighter fleet. The department also noted the government expects a deal in place by the end of 2017 or early 2018 to acquire the 18 Boeing Super Hornets as an interim measure. The Liberal government has been pushing to get the first of those planes delivered some time in 2019, industry sources say. Defence analyst Martin Shadwick said such moves could provide political cover for the Liberals. “It could be politically useful in an election year to have both in the works,” said Shadwick, who teaches strategic studies at York University in Toronto. “That’s a pretty good way to buy some political insulation.” Shadwick said if the first Super Hornets arrive during the election year, that in particular would be a tangible event the Liberal government could highlight. The Liberals had promised during the last campaign to purchase a replacement for the CF-18 jet fleet, pointing out that it would go for a cheaper alternative to the controversial F-35 stealth fighter that had been selected by the Conservative government. That’s a pretty good way to buy some political insulation Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan announced in November the government’s decision to begin negotiations to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as “interim” fighter jets until a permanent fleet for the existing CF-18 aircraft could be bought. The Liberals said Canada is facing a capability gap because it doesn’t have enough jets to fulfil its military missions, a situation Sajjan has blamed on the previous Conservative government for bungling the project to replace the aging CF-18s. The Liberals’ upcoming Defence Policy Review will also contain details on the project to acquire a permanent replacement fleet for the CF-18s. “These requirements will include the number of aircraft needed, the level of in-service support required and the estimated time of delivery,” noted the recently released update from Public Services and Procurement Canada. “Planning for the competition is already underway, and we anticipate a request for proposals will be issued in 2019.” But the Liberal plan to buy the Super Hornets has come under fire from retired Royal Canadian Air Force generals, who say it is too costly. They argue the Liberals should cancel the Super Hornet deal and proceed immediately to a competition to buy permanent replacements for the CF-18s. Jordan Owens, a spokeswoman for Sajjan, said the government is continuing with its negotiations on the Super Hornets. “The Royal Canadian Air Force faces a significant challenge because it does not have the number of fighter aircraft available to meet Canada’s NORAD and NATO obligations if called to do so simultaneously,” Owens said. Critics, including the Conservatives and some retired officers, have disputed that position and questioned whether there is such a gap. The Liberals have reversed their position somewhat on the F-35. They now say they will hold an open competition for the permanent fleet of fighter jets and that Lockheed Martin is welcome to propose the F-35.   Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Buying ‘political insulation’: Liberals to call for bids in 2019 for permanent fleet to replace CF-18s Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Updated: Ottawa police officer facing manslaughter charge in death of Abdirahman AbdiHis death sparked protests and vigils across the country. Now, more than seven months after Abdirahman Abdi, 37, died following a violent arrest on the steps of his Hintonburg apartment building, a rare charge of manslaughter is to be laid against an Ottawa police officer. The Special Investigations Unit, the civilian police oversight agency, said Monday […] 'Eddie the Eagle' gives a thumbs-up to Calgary bidding for the 2026 Winter OlympicsEddie the Eagle, the unlikely Olympic hero made famous during the Calgary 1988 Winter Games, says he’s all for the city putting together a bid for the 2026 Olympics. British ski jumper Michael Edwards, 53, more famously known as Eddie the Eagle, paid a special visit to Canada Olympic Park on Sunday, and said he was […] Telly With Melly: Jennifer Lopez’s drama Shades of Blue returnsJennifer Lopez is feeling Blue. But that’s a good thing. The singer-actress debuts the second season of her NBC/Global police drama Shades of Blue tonight and, she says, the return is explosive. “It starts off with a bang,” she recently […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Reading,'Riting and Repose in education, for a changeThe tentative agreement between teachers and the provincial government opens with a reassuring tone ... Daphne Bramham: If B.C. had data perhaps fewer patients would be collateral damageNearly a year ago, the B.C. College of Physicians and Surgeons deemed opioid over-prescribing such a... Ian Mulgrew: Big wage hike recommended for provincial judgesThe B.C. Judicial Compensation Commission says provincial court judges “deserve” a 12-per... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Press Esc to close Tuesday 07 March 2017 News updated at 2:47 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 33.1°C Min : 23.8°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Elections   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper    Tempers flare as Kohli-Smith showdown continues      Australia reach 101 for 6 at tea against India      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Two-thirds Indians have to pay bribe, highest in Asia-Pacific: Survey      Reliance Cap sells Paytm stake for Rs 275 cr      8 injured in blast in Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train      Six persons taken into custody for raping minor girls      India set Australia 188-run target in second Test      Economy to grow 7.1% in FY17, Dec qtr GDP surprising: Fitch      US deploys anti-ballistic missile defense system to S Korea      Fisherman shot dead by Lankan Navy; fishermen protest      Hospital reports clearly state Jayalalithaa died on Dec 5: TN govt      India's stand consistent, well known: Rijiju on Durrani's remark      Pak-based terror groups fund terrorism in J-K through charity      Tibet's 2nd largest airport terminal opened close to India      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Surrogacy a joke, Johar could have adopted a poor child: Azmi      SBI to hike minimum balance for savings a/c; hit 31 cr people      SC to examine appeal against dropping of charges in Babri case      Auction fails again for Mallya's Kingfisher House, Goa Villa      Indo-Oman joint army exercise begins in Himachal Pradesh      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      China hikes defence budget to USD 152 billion      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Mumbai: MLA rides bullock cart, presses for lifting ban on rural sport      Netflix inks pact with Airtel & others, bets on local content      Maha to seek K'taka's help to check female foeticide in border areas      AIIMS hands over Jaya's medical report to TN govt      Overseas investors excited about India, says Sinha      No relief for Prajapati from SC      Hindu Americans oppose 'negative portrayal' of Hinduism by CNN      India calls for early adoption of anti-terror convention by UN      26/11 attack carried out by Pak-based terror group: Pak ex-NSA      'Losing respect' for Virat Kohli for sledging, says Ian Healy      Chinese media warns India against Dalai's visit to Arunachal      Pujara, Rahul shine as India fightback with 126-run lead      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      North Korea fires missiles, three reach Japan waters      FBI joins Kent shooting probe, Bera says hate crimes on rise     Next Story Sensex closes at 2-year high, retakes 29k, RIL top mover Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » AI to raise Rs 3,100 cr to buy 4 787 Dreamliners AI to raise Rs 3,100 cr to buy 4 787 Dreamliners March 6, 2017, New Delhi, DHNS Flag carrier Air India is looking for interim financing worth around Rs 3,100 crore to buy four 787 Dreamliner aircraft from aerospace major Boeing, and has invited offers from banks and financial institutions to arrange bridge-financing of up to $470 million for 15 months. The bridge finance would be up to “$470 million (approximately $117.500 million per aircraft) for partly financing acquisition of four B787-8 aircraft,” the ‘Invitation of Offer’ issued by Air India said. The airline plans to induct these four planes between July and October this year. These planes are part of the 27 aircraft ordered from Boeing in 2006. Of this, Air India has so far bought 23 Dreamliners. According to the Invitation of Offer document, the bridge loan facility will be repaid on conclusion of a Sale and Lease Back (SLB)/outright purchase arrangement, which is already under consideration. Under the SLB arrangement, the seller of an asset leases it back from the purchaser for a long term. “Air India would prefer to have a bullet repayment for this facility or a suitable moratorium period for payment of principal amount under this facility. The bidder with the lower all in costs would be selected,” it said. Aircraft as security The airline has offered aircraft as security for availing the short-term loan. There would be no government guarantee for the loan, Air India has said in the document. Air India has sold 21 planes of the 23 Boeing 787 aircraft, and took them back under the SLB arrangement. The SLB of two planes, which were delivered to the airline between November last year, and January this year, is under process. In February, Air India had issued an Invitation of Offer for SLB of these two aircraft. As part of its fleet expansion plan, Air India had in 2006 placed orders with Boeing for 68 aircraft — 27 Dreamliners, 15 777-300ERs, eight 777-200LRs and 18 737-800s.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Wall Street slips on Trump comments Wall Street ends flat Samsung chief Lee charged with bribery, embezzlement From boom to gloom at the China-North Korea border One-off costs eat into HSBC's 2016 profits N Chandrasekaran takes over as Tata Sons Chairman, promises to work towards groups' upliftment Trump celebrates rollout of Boeing's new 787-10 Wall Street rises to record highs Wall Street surges to record highs Videos Congress, SP, BSP have different culture of... European Space agency launches latest satellite Wall Street slips on Trump comments Kansas killing: Bengaluru residents stage candlelight vigil... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Hard work more powerful than Harvard: PM 2.Sikh man injured in US after stranger shoots him 3.Varsities should be place of debate, not violence: Prez 4.Hitting campuses Left and Right 5.I take back my 'harsh' words on Sehwag: Javed Akhtar 1.How to catch the rain? 2.'Hate' video says Indians have 'ravished' US Midwest (Video) 3.The legacy of Tipu's armouries 4.Yoga classes may help reduce depression: study 5.Sourcing energy from space 1. Trump signs new travel ban targeting six Muslim nations, leaves Iraq out 2. 'Hate' video says Indians have 'ravished' US Midwest (Video) 3. BJP's decision to pull out of mayoral polls boon for Sena 4. Amulya gets engaged to ex-corporator's son 5. 'Sudeep cooked for all of us ' Photo Gallery Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with Aditya Thackeray take part in the victory procession of new... Prime Minister Narendra Modi addessing the Parivartan Sankalp Rally at Rohaniya in Varanasi on ... RJD chief Lalu Prasad at an election rally in support of Congress-SP candidates in Varanasi ... Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister and SP leader Akhilesh Yadav at an election rally in Jaunpur on ... Bhojpuri actor Ravi Kishan, who recently joined BJP, during an election road show in favour of party Prime Minister Narendra Modi feeding cows during a visit to the Garwaghat Ashram in Varanasi on .... Vice President M Hamid Ansari with the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo and his spouse Iriana ... Nobel Prize winner and child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi at a felicitation function for women Members of Non-Gazetted Police Pensioners Welfare Forum demand implementation of OROP and payment... BSF jawans patrolling the Indo-Bangladesh International Border in Agartala on Monday... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523

Home Habari za Nyumbani Politics Business Immigration Live TV NTV LIVE KTN Live Citizen Live KISS TV K24 TV LIVE Inooro TV KASS TV Fountain TV TV Capital FM Videos Citizen TV Videos KTN Videos NTV Videos K24 Videos DIASPORA VOICE XYZ Show Radio Capital Kiss Homeboyz Kenyan Gospel HOT 96 FM Kameme Hope 90.7 TRUTH FM Inooro FM Kass Radio Maisha Radio Citizen Uptown West Musyi FM Events Community Parties Religious Obituaries Music Kenyan Music African Music Gospel Music Singles Search 71.7 F Dallas Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Submit OPED/BLOG Contact Us Jambonewspot.com Home Habari za Nyumbani Politics Business Immigration Live TV NTV LIVE KTN Live Citizen Live KISS TV K24 TV LIVE Inooro TV KASS TV Fountain TV TV Capital FM Videos Citizen TV Videos KTN Videos NTV Videos K24 Videos DIASPORA VOICE XYZ Show Radio Capital Kiss Homeboyz Kenyan Gospel HOT 96 FM Kameme Hope 90.7 TRUTH FM Inooro FM Kass Radio Maisha Radio Citizen Uptown West Musyi FM Events Community Parties Religious Obituaries Music Kenyan Music African Music Gospel Music Singles Home Business Boeing opens Nairobi and SA offices with eye on Africa deals Business Boeing opens Nairobi and SA offices with eye on Africa deals By Jambo - March 4, 2017 0 1097 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter US-based aerospace and defence company Boeing International is set to open a Nairobi office as it seeks to tap new Africa deals. Boeing, which has been weighing options of opening an office either in Kenya or Ethiopia to gain a foothold in the eastern Africa market, will also open another office in Johannesburg, South Africa. Chamsou Andjorin, the Boeing director of government affairs and market development, will head the Nairobi office while the Johannesburg office will be headed by Joao Miguel Santos, Boeing’s managing director for sub-Saharan Africa, a South African media report said. “Africa is not new territory for Boeing. Since the introduction of the jet airplane, Boeing aircraft have formed the backbone of the continent’s commercial fleet and Boeing continues to be one of the largest US-based companies doing business on the continent,” Mr Santos was quoted by South African media confirming the development. “The aerospace industry needs to start paying closer attention to Africa, because this continent is clearly on the move economically and all the trends are pointing in the right direction for the expansion of the sector. Our job is to be ahead in understanding these emerging trends and opportunities.” The US giant, which is the supplier of Kenya Airways and Ethiopian Airlines’ fleet of Dreamliners and other Boeing planes, had until now had a presence only in North Africa. Kenya and Ethiopia have recently been racing to attract foreign direct investments into their economies with creation of special economic zones and promises of lower costs of doing business including cheap electricity. “Talent and comparative advantage will guide us in our choice of location in the region,” said Boeing’s senior vice president Marc Allen on the sidelines of an American business forum in Nairobi in 2015. Mr Allen said the firm’s areas of interest include research, engineering and analytics. The world’s largest aerospace company projects Africa would be in need of 1,150 new airplanes over the next 20 years as the most recent Current Market Outlook report predicted that air traffic to and from the continent is expected to grow by about 6.1 per cent annually. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleKenya’s mobile money system MPESA vulnerable to illegal transactions, US warns Next articleUSCIS Will Temporarily Suspend Premium Processing for All H-1B Petitions Jambo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business US giant GE fines Kenya Sh80m for delayed leasing equipment pay Business Ngong Road to get new design, one bridge, three footbridges Business Kenya’s mobile money system MPESA vulnerable to illegal transactions, US warns MOST POPULAR POSTS Kenyan couple In Louisiana charged with desertion after leaving 2 year-old in car while... Jambo - March 2, 2017 4 LAKE CHARLES - A Leesville, LA, couple was arrested after they left their two year-old sleeping in their car while they gambled at a... [VIDEO] Obama steps out in New York, crowd goes wild Jambo - February 24, 2017 0 Hundreds of onlookers caught a glimpse of former President Barack Obama who had just finished attending a meeting in New York and they could... He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he did next will... Jambo - March 6, 2017 0 By Jambonewspot.com reporter A Kenyan took to social media to express his/her gratitude for a stranger who saved them the loss of Ksh200,000. The unidentified person... Mshamba Marekani: Kenyan Cougars in the US luring young men arriving freshly from Kenya... Jambo - February 24, 2017 0 Mshamba Marekani is assailing those Kenyan cougars in the US who are destroying young men with potential just because they are innocent and desperate... Book your flight now, pay later PLOTS FOR SALE PADDY’S FARMERS CHOICE SAUSAGES Jambonewspot on Facebook MUNJUNI TAX SERVICES TRUCKING Live Traffic Feed Feedjit Widget EDITOR PICKS He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he... March 6, 2017 [PHOTOS] How the Nairobi and Mombasa railway terminals are coming up March 6, 2017 Trump eases up on travel ban with new executive order March 6, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Kenyan couple In Louisiana charged with desertion after leaving 2 year-old... March 2, 2017 [VIDEO] Obama steps out in New York, crowd goes wild February 24, 2017 He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he... March 6, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Habari za Nyumbani11419 Video1401 Diaspora News892 Business662 Obituaries310 Immigration261 Opinion215 Events190 Features172 ABOUT USServing the Kenya Diaspora News Needs Contact us: info@jambonewspot.com FOLLOW US © Copyright 2017 Jambonewspot.com RSS Feed MORE STORIES Britam to pay dividends despite a Sh1 billion loss April 19, 2016 Kenya Airways now seeks rich partner, ditches Dreamliners May 3, 2015
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 3/4/2017 7:12 AM New Richard Branson venture dedicated to launching small satellites Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic has decided to break off its satellite launcher program into its own company called Virgin Orbit. Bloomberg photo by Chris Ratcliffe.   Christian Davenport The Washington Post     The celebrity space tourists that Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic plans to shoot into space in the coming years may get most of the attention. But over the past couple of years he's been increasingly focused on another space venture -- one that would launch small satellites into orbit. Now Virgin Galactic officials have decided to break off the satellite launcher program, and make it its own company. Called Virgin Orbit, the California-based firm is seeking to enter a market that has attracted a lot of interest in recent years, as the size of satellites, once huge and expensive, have shrunk in size and cost. The new company is to be led by Dan Hart, who spent 24 years at Boeing where he most recently ran its satellite programs. In a statement, Branson said the new venture fits into his ethos of opening up the cosmos "by manufacturing vehicles of the future, enabling the small satellite revolution, and preparing commercial space flight for many more humans to reach space and see our home planet." In an interview in 2015, he said he "never even thought of satellites when we thought of Virgin Galactic originally. I just thought of human space travel and a personal desire to go to space and trying to make dreams come true and so on. And then embarking on that, suddenly you realize there's another whole aspect to this. Which is equally as exciting, really." Virgin Orbit would join a growing number of companies developing rockets designed specifically for carrying smaller payloads into space. And it comes as a number of companies have proposed putting up large constellations of small satellites-some the size of a shoebox-that could do everything from monitor crop yields, take images of Earth and provide internet and communications. Backed by a $1 billion investment from Google and Fidelity, Elon Musk's SpaceX has announced plans to launch nearly 4,500 satellites that would beam internet service to Earth. Boeing has a similar plan, as does a London-based company called OneWeb. SoftBank, the Tokyo-based telecommunications firm, recently announced that it is investing $1.7 billion to merge OneWeb with Intelsat. As interest grows in the new generation of satellites, many companies are sensing an opportunity. Vector Space Systems, founded by a pair of entrepreneurs who were involved in the early days of SpaceX are developing a new rocket designed for smaller payloads. As is Rocket Labs, which is based in New Zealand and California. Carissa Christensen, the chief executive of consultancy Bryce Space and Technology (formerly known as Tauri Group Space and Technology), said there are about three dozen small satellite launch vehicles at various stages of development-likely resulting in winners and losers. "The market cannot support that many vehicles," she said. "There's going to be a shakeout." Failed ventures, however, are not "indicative of a broken system," she said. Much of the initial start-up money for these small satellite companies is coming from venture capital firms that "are generally risk tolerant. So you get starts and stops. You get companies that try and fail," she said. Virgin Orbit may begin with an advantage. It already has several commercial and government customers signed up, said George Whitesides, who oversees Virgin's commercial space portfolio. It operates in a 180,000 square-feet manufacturing site in Long Beach, Calif. with 200 employees. The company plans to "air launch" its two-stage rocket-meaning it would be tethered underneath the wing of a 747 airplane that Branson dubbed "Cosmic Girl" and that would fly to an altitude of 35,000 feet or so. The rocket would be released and then shoot off to space. Whitesides said the company would "launch when we're ready" but that it hopes to complete a test flight by the end of the year. Virgin Galactic also air launches its spaceplane, SpaceShipTwo, which is designed to fly two pilots and six passengers into space. The latest version of the spacecraft had its third successful test flight when it was released from its mother ship last week. It then glided back down to Earth without firing its engines. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Bezos and Blue Origin Reportedly Pitch 'Amazon-like' Delivery for the Moon By Jeff Foust, SpaceNews Writer | March 4, 2017 07:00am ET MORE Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos poses in front of his rocket. Credit: Blue Origin Jeff Bezos' space company, Blue Origin, reportedly pitched the new administration on setting up an "Amazon-like" delivery service for the moon. In a January white paper circulated within NASA and the Trump transition team, Blue Origin proposed developing a cargo lander called Blue Moon that could support a future lunar base at the south pole, where there are both deposits of water ice and regions in almost constant sunlight. The Blue Moon spacecraft could fly on a number of launch vehicles, including Blue Origin's New Glenn vehicle under development. [Washington Post] More News China launched a new version of its Kaituozhe small launch vehicle late Thursday. The Kaituozhe-2 rocket lifted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre at 6:53 p.m. Eastern and placed a satellite called Tiankun-1 into orbit. The solid-fueled Kaituozhe-2 rocket, likely based on an ICBM, is capable of placing payloads of up to 350 kilograms into orbit. Tiankun-1 will be used for remote sensing and telecommunications experiments. [gbtimes] At least five companies have filed proposals for V-band satellite constellations in response to a concept from Boeing. Those companies met a March 1 deadline set by the FCC to respond to a Boeing proposal last year for a constellation of up to 2,956 satellites in low Earth orbit that would provide broadband communications in the little-used V-band part of the spectrum. The proposals submitted include a 7,518-satellite system by SpaceX as well as concepts from OneWeb, Telesat, O3b and Theia Holdings. [SpaceNews] NASA's MAVEN Mars spacecraft performed a maneuver this week to avoid a potential collision with the Martian moon Phobos. MAVEN adjusted its orbit Tuesday to avoid the "high probability" it would collide with Phobos on March 6. The orbits of the spacecraft and the moon intersect, and on that day the two would have passed through the same point just seven seconds apart. The incident is the first time MAVEN has had to maneuver to avoid a potential collision with a moon or another spacecraft. [SpaceNews] The Air Force is reviewing the orbit-raising propulsion system used on Lockheed Martin military satellites. The Air Force started the review of the propulsion system after an undisclosed problem on a recent spacecraft. The propulsion system is part of the A2100 bus, which is used on several Lockheed military and commercial satellite programs. The review has delayed the Air Force's acceptance of the first GPS 3 satellite, although the spacecraft is still scheduled for launch in the spring of next year. [Bloomberg] A company best known for building cameras for planetary missions has won a contract for a satellite servicing program. Malin Space Science Systems won a $10.9 million contract from the Naval Research Lab to provide the camera for DARPA's Robotic Servicing of Geosynchrous Satellites program. DARPA announced an agreement last month with Space Systems Loral to develop the spacecraft, but Orbital ATK filed suit in a bid to block the deal. DARPA, citing the suit, declined to comment on the camera contract. [SpaceNews] Astro Digital has raised $16.65 million to further development of its Earth imaging satellites and analytics platform. The company said Thursday the Series A round would go towards initial launches of its Landmapper smallsats that will provide medium-resolution Earth imagery, as well as development of a complementary high-resolution satellite system. The company is also developing a software platform that converts the images into industry-specific data for customers. [SpaceNews] China plans to launch the core module of its space station next year. The module, named Tianhe-1, will launch on a Long March 5 heavy-lift rocket next year and be followed by other components, including two modules that will serve as space labs. China expects to complete the station in 2022 and operate it for "dozens of years." [Xinhua] This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Visit SpaceNews for the Latest Space Industry News 'Roomy' Blue Origin Capsule Provides Incredible Space Tourist Experience | Animation Photos: Glimpses of Secretive Blue Origin's Private Spaceships Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Airlines Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Source : By : Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera Last Updated: Sat, Mar 04, 2017 13:47 hrs Tweet Mail Print Boeing Co has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28240.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (-0.45%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28610.00 (-0.38%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27650.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28270.00 (-0.14%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Military Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey David SzondyMarch 4th, 2017 2 pictures The MH-139 is intended to replace the US Air Force's UH-1N “Huey” fleet(Credit: Boeing)View gallery - 2 images Boeing isn't just angling to replace the US Air Force's jet trainers, but its helicopters as well. On Thursday at the Air Force Association Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida, the company unveiled its MH-139 helicopter. It will be entered into the UH-1N Replacement Program competition to find a replacement for the US Air Force's venerable UH-1N "Huey" multi-role helicopter fleet, in service since 1970. The MH-139 is based on the Leonardo Helicopters AW139, of which there are 900 in service with more than 250 governments and private companies. Designed for day and night operations in a variety of climates, the AW139 is powered by two Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 engines with full digital electronic engine control (FADEC) that give the aircraft an airspeed of 165 kt (190 mph, 306 km/h). Inside, there's a glass cockpit with advanced avionics and a four-axis digital autopilot with auto-hover. According to Boeing, the MH-139 is more economical than other competitors and can save up to US$1 billion over 30 years. "The Huey replacement is of vital importance to the Air Force, and the MH-139 is the right solution for those missions," says Judy Fedder, director of Global Sales & Marketing, Boeing Integrated Logistics. "The fact that the AW139 is being built today on an active production line will speed it to meet the time-critical demand following the competition." Source: BoeingView gallery - 2 images Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey 1 / 2 Tags #US Air Force #Helicopters #Boeing Share this article Show 6 comments   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Master genes trigger cascade of damage to other genes after brain trauma Sedric forms a canvas for the autonomous VW Group car of the future Hybrid VTOL fixed-wing drone flies for 2+ hours Huawei Watch 2 vs. LG Watch Sport Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Military Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey Raytheon laser sight improves shot speed and accuracy Origami-inspired bulletproof shield can stop a .44 Magnum "Q" gadgets from WWII up for auction USS Enterprise decommissioned after half a century of service The US Navy's new wonder material is synthetic hagfish slime Royal Navy gets new eyes in the skies US Army's hoverbike takes flight BAE explores airborne laser deflector shield concept Helmet sensors to record blast exposure in at-risk soldiers US military seeks biodegradable bullets that sprout plants DARPA's TUNA program completes first phase Editors Choice Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle Compare the latest tech gear Review: Soaring through Northern Patagonia with the Premium Byrd drone Biolite's upgraded CampStove saves some energy for later Review: Kawasaki Vulcan S cruises affordably in style Gallery: F1 teams come to grips with a new formula for 2017 What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Clive Sinclair's nephew creates a C5 for today Safety last: Russian hoverbike is equally amazing and horrifying Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram MH370 families plan private search for missing plane By Yuli Yang and Susannah Cullinane, CNN Updated 5:19 AM ET, Sun March 5, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 There is still no way to know for sure why Flight MH370 ended, but we are learning more about the lives of those on board. CNN is remembering them through snapshots shared with us. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Rodney and Mary Burrows were looking forward to becoming first-time grandparents after their return home to Australia. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Australians Catherine and Robert Lawton were traveling with friends on vacation when the flight disappeared. Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Paul Weeks was traveling to Mongolia for a new job as an engineer. His wife says Paul left behind his watch and his wedding ring before the trip, in case anything happened to him while he was away. Anderson spoke with Paul's brother & sister who said they are coping by spending time together as a family. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Chandrika Sharma, left, was on Flight 370; her daughter Meghna and husband K.S. Narendran wait patiently, trying to manage their anxiety and longing for her return. Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Muktesh Mukherjee and Xiaomo Bai had been vacationing in Vietnam and were on their way home to their two young sons in Beijing. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 76-year-old Liu Rusheng, an accomplished calligrapher and one of the oldest passengers on the flight, was in Malaysia to attend an art exhibition with his wife. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Teens Hadrien Wattrelos and Zhao Yan are shown in a photo on Wattrelos' Facebook page. The photo is captioned, simply, "I love you," in French. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Firman Chandra Siregar, 24, studied electrical engineering in Indonesia and was on his way to Beijing on board Flight 370 to start a new job at an oil company. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Patrick Francis Gomes, center, was the in-flight supervisor for the missing plane. His daughter describes him as a quiet person with a sense of humor. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Ch'ng Mei Ling, a Malaysian citizen who lives in Pennsylvania, is a process engineer at a chemical company. Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 We do not have photos of all 239 passengers, but we wanted to remember that there are loved ones around the world missing them right now. View CNN's complete coverage of Flight 370. Hide Caption 12 of 12 Story highlights MH370 vanished in 2014 with 239 people on board Families of those aboard are setting up a private search fund (CNN)The families of those aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have launched a campaign to privately fund a search for the aircraft, which disappeared nearly three years ago. Australia, China and Malaysia announced in January that they were ending their official search for the plane. MH370 was traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, when it vanished over the Indian Ocean with 239 people on board. JUST WATCHED Search for flight MH370 suspended Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Search for flight MH370 suspended 02:43 Jiang Hui, whose mother was on the plane, told CNN on Saturday that relatives were working to create an international fund made up of donations from the parties involved in the flight. He said he believes various companies should contribute to the fund, including the governments of the 14 countries where the passengers were from, plane manufacturer Boeing and Malaysia Airlines. Read More "The fund will be invested and the annual investment returns or interests will be used for the search of MH370," Jiang said. "Once the plane is found, the original donation will be returned to the donors, without interest." He did not provide a target amount for the fund. Decision not taken lightly In their January joint statement announcing the suspension of the search for the aircraft, Australia, China and Malaysia said the decision had not been taken lightly. "Despite every effort using the best science available, cutting edge technology, as well as modeling and advice from highly skilled professionals who are the best in their field, unfortunately, the search has not been able to locate the aircraft," it said. The officials said they would not rule out another search if "credible" evidence were to emerge. Voice370, a support group for family members of those aboard the flight, released a statement expressing disappointment over the suspension. "Commercial planes cannot just be allowed to disappear without a trace," the statement said. "Stopping at this stage is nothing short of irresponsible, and betrays a shocking lack of faith in the data, tools and recommendations of an array of official experts assembled by the authorities themselves." RELATED: Timeline of MH370 disappearance The plane's disappearance remains one of the greatest aviation mysteries in modern history. Searchers spent millions of dollars scouring tens of thousands of square miles, but so far have yielded little new information about the plane's final moments. What we do know At 12:41 a.m. local time on March 8, 2014, MH370 departed Kuala Lumpur International Airport for Beijing. It was heading north but after its last message of "Good night Malaysian Three Seven Zero," it changed course toward the west, according to military radar. From there, investigators believe it turned south around the edge of Indonesia and across the vast Indian Ocean. Investigators confirmed in July that MH370 captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah had tracked a route deep into the Indian Ocean on his home flight simulator, very similar to the one officials believe the missing plane took. Grandparents, a newly graduated engineer, a young couple and a 2-year-old boy were among the hundreds of people on board MH370 when it vanished. Most of the passengers and crew were from China and Malaysia, but individuals and families from 14 different countries were also on board the missing flight. Theories Based on some of the wreckage that's been found, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau determined the wing flaps had been stowed when MH370 crashed. The report suggested the plane had been out of control, spiraling downward at a rate of almost 300 miles per hour at its last satellite transmission. These findings suggested "two early hypotheses," according to CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo; either that a fire on board the plane incapacitated everyone through smoke or fumes, or that a rapid decompression, perhaps because of a breach in a window, led to their deaths hours before the plane ran out of fuel and spiraled downward. But investigators still haven't been able to say for sure what caused the crash. CNN's Yuli Yang reported from Hong Kong and Susannah Cullinane wrote from Auckland. Juliet Perry, Joshua Berlinger, Joe Sterling and Deborah Bloom contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming Can you save on your mortgage? Reverse Mortgages: Worth the risk? Paid Partner Content Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Chicago real estate for sale Trulia Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia San Francisco homes for sale Trulia Deal on New York real estate Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts What's Working in Washington Home » Radio Interviews » What's Working in Washington » Potential tax reform will… Potential tax reform will have hidden consequences: expert By Barbour Ulrich March 3, 2017 3:19 pm 2 min read 3 Shares Legislative battling over the first massive tax reform in more than 30 years will have major consequences for small businesses across the country, warns Joshua Baca, senior vice president of DDC Public Affairs. “There’s a reason tax reform hasn’t happened since the 1980’s– because it’s hard to do,” he told What’s Working in Washington. Federal employee bill tracker: How pending legislation could affect your bottom line “The tax code is probably longer than or as complex as trying to get through the Bible,” with many details now being debated, said Baca. Advertisement The most complicated issue is how imports and exports will be taxed, Baca said. The House of Representatives is considering a provision called the Border Adjustment Tax, which will increase and harden taxes on imports and exports. “It’s really pitted industries in town here [in Washington, D.C.] against each other,” he said. While traditional manufacturers like GE and Boeing support the plan, it’s heavily criticized by retailers in the automotive dealing and tech industries. “We live in a global economy, and the reality is that global markets, global supply chains, really allow us to have iPhones, clothes, food,” Baca said. Although this import and export tax might appear to be a good idea in the short term, driving businesses to work within the country, it would likely end up driving up the price of goods because the reason many companies export and import in the first place is to save money. Baca quoted a recent study stating consumers could expect to spend more than $1700 more per year on even basic items if the plan goes through. “There’s this whole notion about this being able to bring back more jobs to America. The reality is that I don’t know if there’s a lot of evidence that proves that,” Baca said. Many of the manufacturing jobs that left the U.S. are slowly becoming automated — and they’re not about to switch back to U.S. workers. “I think we need tax reform that protects current jobs. Probably one that doesn’t include the Border Adjustment Tax,” he said. Baca said that he’d prefer a tax reform that spurs companies to keep prices competitive and create jobs, while also lowering taxes on businesses. Instead, Baca hopes to recoup lost revenue by reexamining wasteful government spending. The current plan, in conjunction with cuts to other taxes, “allows them to take a trillion dollars in revenue, which would come from the Border Adjustment Tax, to offset those cuts,” Baca said. However, the “trillion dollars that we’re talking about, of new revenue, that’s a hidden trillion-dollar tax increase on a lot of people,” Baca said. Since many manufacturing jobs are being replaced by automation, “Congress should be looking at ways of promoting things like STEM education, and engineering at that mid level,” said Baca, to ensure that people retain employment and have the skill set that will adapt to the future. Topics: All News Border Adjustment Tax DDC Public Affairs jobs Joshua Baca Radio Interviews reform tax What's Working in Washington Leave A Comment Home » Radio Interviews » What's Working in Washington » Potential tax reform will… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Don't Miss Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News » World News » US News » Masked man shoots, wounds Sikh outside his home in US US designates Pakistan group as money launderer for Pakistan makes a U-turn, won’t send back ‘spy’ Hundreds of suspected militants detained in Indo-Pak talks on Indus Water Treaty likely this Pakistan govt approves merger of FATA with Thousands rally in Pakistan to celebrate blasphemy Pakistan asks Interpol for Red Notices against Shrine to Islamist murderer reveals Pakistan's Pakistan's top diplomat in UN deletes tweet on Pakistan International Airlines captain, others Halt work on hydro projects in JK: Pak tells India China gives Pak 2 ships for CPEC sea route security How toxic water destroyed Pakistan's largest lake China PM hints at Xi Jinping's second term as party China targets lowest GDP growth in 25 years At 6.5%, China's 2017 GDP growth target is lowest China's premier Li Keqiang rules out Taiwan, Hong We will make our skies blue again: China premier India, China should be 'more sensitive' to each China opts for low rise in military budget but will China 2017 defence spending to rise 'around 7%': China warns India on Dalai Lama's visit to Why China staged a fresh display of military might Alert for more smog in China's northern province China smog war moves to courts  Smog-hit province of Hebei says has learnt its Pictures of the week Photo Story: More than 100 million at risk of starvation globally 30 thought-provoking photos captured by Damir Sagolj Spectacular photos of Primitive Tribes from around the World! Photo Story: West Mosul fighting pushes over 28,000 Iraqis to flee Donald Trump's Political Squad Trump supporters declare pride in President Seoul protest as impeachment ruling nears Fed likely to raise rates: Janet Yellen Trump tours private school in Florida Kansas cops chase cattle after accident Two inmates killed in US prison riot Masked man shoots, wounds Sikh outside his home in USChidanand Rajghatta Deep Rai, a 39-year-old US citizen of Sikh heritage, was shot while he was cleaning his car in his driveway in the city of Kent, near Seattle, Washington, according to the local media. Rai, who survived the shooting told authorities the gunman asked him to go back to his country before shooting him. | TNN | Updated: Mar 6, 2017, 07.46 AM IST Highlights Deep Rai, a 39-year-old US citizen of Sikh heritage, was shot while he was cleaning his car in his driveway in the city of Kent, near Seattle The incident is being investigated as a hate crime and authorities are on the lookout for the accused. A similar episode last week in Kansas had claimed the life of an Indian engineer. Sikh man shot at in US; attacker yelled 'go back to your own country' A 39-year-old Sikh man in the US has been injured when an unidentified person shot him outside his home and allegedly shouted 'go back to your own country.' 2017-03-05T08:38+00:00 Related Videos Sikh man shot at in US; attack... Indian-origin businessman shot... US shooting: Deep Rai, out of ... WASHINGTON: A Sikh man was told ''go back to your country'' before being shot at by a white gunman in an apparent hate crime that comes on the heels of a similar episode last week in Kansas that claimed the life of an Indian engineer. Deep Rai, a 39-year-old US citizen of Sikh heritage, was shot while he was cleaning his car in his driveway in the city of Kent, near Seattle, Washington, according to the local media. Rai, who survived the shooting, and an eyewitness, told authorities the gunman asked him to go back to his country after an altercation, before shooting him and speeding away. The incident is being investigated as a hate crime and authorities are on the lookout for the man, who had masked the lower half of his face at the time of the attack. The incident has alarmed the Indian community in the region, which is home to more than 1,00,000 Indians, including 30,000 Sikhs, according to local community leaders. Some of them immigrated to the area more than 110 years ago, concurrent with the large-scale arrival of European immigrants. In fact, Kent is couple of hours south of Bellingham, where the first recorded anti-Indian, anti-Sikh riots took place in 1907. While Washington -- home to Microsoft, Boeing, Amazon, and Starbucks among other companies -- is a Democratic-voting state broadly aligned with liberal west coast sensitivities, there are deeply conservative pockets in semi-urban areas outside Seattle and parts of Eastern Washington. Local community leaders say they are ''shaken and very frustrated at the hate and rhetoric that is being spread today about anyone that looks different, who looks like an immigrant." ''Based on anecdotal evidence, more and more people are saying inappropriate things to Sikh men. The stigma attached to being a racist has been erased from the community,'' Jasmit Singh, a Sikh resident of Renton, near Kent told reporters. ''Investigating this as an anti-Sikh hate crime is critical, because without our government agencies recognizing hatred for what it is, we can't combat the problem.'' Singh said there has been a rise in verbal abuse and uncomfortable encounters recently, ''a kind of prejudice, a kind of xenophobia that is nothing that we've seen in the recent past,'' recalling the aftermath of 9/11. ''But at that time, it felt like the administration was actively working to allay those fears. Now, it's a very different dimension,'' he added. In fact, many civil rights groups are now speaking up against the permissiveness of anti-immigrant sentiments and xenophobia after the election of Donald Trump, with a spike in hate crimes following the rise of the alt-right movement. President Trump has condemned ''hate and evil in all its forms'' but on occasions, he and some of his aides and surrogates have displayed thinly-disguised animosity towards immigrants and minorities in the guise of protecting American borders, its workers, and its jobs. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Bollywood actresses who were former Miss India CRITICSUNION 20 richest actors of the world SocialDaft! Help this baby get treatment for liver cancer Milaap More from The Times of India In Pics: Bollywood supports Salman Khan Pics: Here's how Sussanne Khan celebrated her birthday Neil Nitin Mukesh gets engaged to Mumbai-based Rukmini Sahay From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live!Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends The man who saw the world askew ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Strip ease in Spain! Why did Sanjay Dutt's daughter meet his ex wife? Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India v Australia: Renshaw laughs off Kohli's 'toilet' sledge Why is rape-accused minister still in your cabinet?: UP Governor writes to Akhilesh Yadav Indian-origin businessman shot dead in the US Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Watch: How a computer has changed the meaning of education for these tribal kids This one-room school - that actually runs in a hut - in Pirapani village near Dhule in Maharashtra has changed for the better. Thanks to the computer and supporting digital infrastructure donated by a Dubai based investment banker, the children here have got a window to the outside world. Delhi: 700 women bikers take part in NBT bike rally The NBT women's bike rally was organised in 11 cities including Delhi on March 5. In Delhi around 700 women bikers took part in the rally that began from Connaught Place Block A and ended at the same spot after passing through Sarai Kale Khan. From around the Web 9 Bollywood star kids who could turn into great heroines CriticsUnion 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Milaap Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION More From The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing TOI Website kuchibhotla: FBI probing Kuchibhotla killing as hate crime TOI Website Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Times of India Read MoreWashingtonMicrosoftKansasDonald TrumpBoeing Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners White House asks Congress to probe whether Obama ordered wiretap Donald Trump expected to sign revised travel ban tomorrow: US media 1Masked man shoots, wounds Sikh outside his home in US 2White House asks Congress to probe whether Obama ordered wiretap 3Donald Trump expected to sign revised travel ban tomorrow: US media About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times | Recipes Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Cricket Score: India vs Australia Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Java Tutorial MWC 2017 Live Sikh man shot at in US Java Test Karan Johar is dad Suchitra tweet leak Suchitra leaks private pictures of celebs Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
BUSINESS Don't expect a space race. SpaceX and NASA need each other Dragon spacecraft SpaceX In 2014, SpaceX unveiled a version of its Dragon spacecraft that would accommodate a crew. In 2014, SpaceX unveiled a version of its Dragon spacecraft that would accommodate a crew. (SpaceX) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter SpaceX, the upstart company, and NASA, the government agency, both have plans to venture to Mars and orbit the moon. But that doesn’t mean they’ve launched a new space race. In fact, NASA has long been SpaceX’s most important customer, providing contracts to deliver cargo and eventually astronauts to the International Space Station. And the Hawthorne company will need NASA’s technical support to achieve the first of its grand ambitions in deep space. SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk acknowledged as much last week, shortly after announcing that SpaceX would launch two private, paying individuals on a weeklong lunar flyby in 2018. “SpaceX could not do this without NASA,” Musk tweeted. “Can’t express enough appreciation.” NASA, on the other hand, has come to rely on SpaceX and other companies for transport to the space station as its funding has tightened. In today’s dollars, the agency’s budget is about half what it was at the peak of the 1960s, and down from the 1990s. In the wake of the SpaceX news, NASA issued a statement that said it is “changing the way it does business through its commercial partnerships,” in part to “free” the agency to focus on rockets and spacecraft to go beyond the moon into deep space. “The whole idea is that NASA is at the point of a spear,” said Howard McCurdy, professor in the school of public affairs at American University. “It’s like exploration of any terrestrial realm. This is the way the model is supposed to work.” Indeed, the rapid ascent of Musk and other space industry pioneers is validation of the public-private partnership envisioned when Congress passed the Commercial Space Launch Act of 1984. By the mid-2000s, NASA was signing contracts with the private sector to fill in for its own funding constraints and the impending retirement of the space shuttle program. In 2006, SpaceX won its first NASA award for $278 million to help develop the company’s now-workhorse Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule. It later received an additional $118 million, and SpaceX contributed a total of about $454 million of its own funds to finish development, according to a NASA report. We would not be the company that we are today without that early support from NASA. — Gwynne Shotwell, SpaceX president Two years later, SpaceX won a $1.6-billion NASA contract to transport cargo to the space station. The deal came as the fledgling company of about 400 employees was starting to successfully launch the Falcon 1 from an atoll in the Marshall Islands. It was not just NASA’s financial resources and technical support that helped SpaceX, said company President Gwynne Shotwell, but also the agency’s trust. “We would not be the company that we are today without that early support from NASA,” Shotwell said. “We would have made it, but it would have been more of a struggle, it would have taken us longer.” A major milestone for the partnership came in 2012 when SpaceX launched its first NASA cargo load, making it the first private company to send a spacecraft to the space station. Marco Caceres, senior space analyst at the Teal Group, said the NASA supply missions gave SpaceX “almost instant credibility." "Having NASA as an anchor client allowed them to have enough revenue flow so that they could establish themselves and eventually diversify and get some commercial contracts and eventually to be able to get into the military establishment,” he said. Today, SpaceX and Boeing Co. are developing separate crew capsules as part of NASA contracts to transport astronauts to the space station. SpaceX noted that this NASA program provided most of the funding to develop the Dragon 2 spacecraft, which will make the moon trip. It is planning to conduct the first test flight of the Dragon crew capsule in November, followed by a flight test with humans in May 2018. Once operational crewed flights to the space station are underway, the company said it would launch its Dragon capsule atop the Falcon Heavy rocket, which was developed with SpaceX funds, for the lunar mission in late 2018. Other well-known, newer space companies have also recently been awarded NASA contracts, including Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin and British billionaire Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic. Both of those companies intend to target the suborbital space tourism markets, though Blue Origin has also unveiled plans for a launch vehicle called the New Glenn, which the company has said could lift astronauts to low-Earth orbit or even beyond. Blue Origin is interested in developing a lunar spacecraft and lander, and eventually, a delivery service for the moon, according to a white paper obtained by the Washington Post that the company sent to NASA officials and President Trump’s transition team. Virgin Orbit, which recently split from Virgin Galactic, is focused on launching small satellites. NASA’s role as a “development catalyst” has been part of the agency’s objectives since its earliest days, said Sean O’Keefe, a former NASA administrator and current university professor at Syracuse University. “The idea was to spin that into opportunities for commercial market potential for other discoveries, for those who would build on the knowledge base of what was determined, discovered or invented as a means to overcome obstacles and take it to another level,” he said. Moving human presence deeper into space is going to require the best of NASA and the private sector. — Phil McAlister, NASA division director for commercial spaceflight development Phil McAlister, division director for commercial spaceflight development at NASA, called the recent advances of the space companies “really positive.” "Moving human presence deeper into space is going to require the best of NASA and the private sector," he said. Over the last 10 years, he added, NASA’s private partners have become more technologically mature and capable. It’s unclear whether NASA will provide any further assistance for the SpaceX moon shot, though Musk emphasized that the agency would have first priority if it wanted to work with SpaceX on a lunar orbit mission. NASA also has its own plans to fly around the moon with a crew in tow. Last month, NASA said it would look into the feasibility of putting a crew on the first flight test of its Orion spacecraft and heavy-lift rocket, Space Launch System, in 2019. That mission is set to go around the moon to test maneuvers that would be necessary to eventually go farther into deep space. While both SLS and Falcon Heavy will have heavy-launch capabilities, they may not necessarily be redundant, said Dava Newman, former NASA deputy administrator and Apollo program professor of astronautics at MIT. “If in the next two years there’s two capabilities for heavy-lift, that’d be awesome,” she said. “Having one system leaves you vulnerable” to system failures. The nature of NASA’s mission, and its funding, is up in the air under the new Trump administration, however. The agency is still waiting on Trump to appoint a new administrator, and there has been debate in Washington about whether NASA should go back to the moon or venture ahead toward Mars. SpaceX’s private moon mission could influence that debate, McCurdy said. “It certainly complicates the argument that the moon-firsters would like to make.” Both SpaceX and NASA plan flights to Mars. Last year, Musk unveiled plans to colonize the Red Planet, sending up to a million people on more than 1,000 spaceships, stretched over decades. He called for a public-private partnership, but the nature of any collaboration was unclear. The two entities will team up on at least one launch — SpaceX’s first Red Dragon uncrewed mission to Mars, now aimed at 2020, two years behind Musk’s original timeline. NASA has more than 50 years of experience with Mars exploration and will provide SpaceX with technical support during the mission, which could include help with data transmission from deep space, flight systems and engineering, and mission design and navigation. In exchange, NASA is interested in the entry, descent and landing data from the capsule. SpaceX has started testing some of that supersonic retro-propulsion technology by landing its first-stage rocket booster on floating platforms and on land, a technique that could be important for future Mars landings, said Ellen Stofan, former NASA chief scientist. NASA has successfully landed rovers on Mars weighing up to almost a ton. The robots have dropped to the planet’s surface in air bags, using rockets, and with the assistance of cables extended from a “sky crane” — all methods that are problematic for landing humans. A human mission would weigh considerably more, somewhere between 10 and 20 tons, Newman said. “It is an order of magnitude greater than we’ve ever done,” she said. “We all want to figure out how to get to Mars. And one of the things we need to figure out is to get humans there safely.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption Funeral service for Whittier police Officer Keith Boyer Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Caption Traders discuss price of SNAP on floor of NYSE Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com @smasunaga Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Colleges and Universities Education SpaceX Donald Trump Elon Musk NASA Orion Space Mission Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare amid conflicting pressures Trump's travel ban contains a tool that could change how the U.S. conducts foreign policy Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions defends Russia testimony and says he didn't mislead Congress Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Houston Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Elon Musk's urgent moonshot Private company pushes limits with moonshot plan By Mike Tolson and Kevin Diaz March 4, 2017 Updated: March 5, 2017 9:17am Photo: HONS SpaceX's Dragon capsule sits aboard a ship in the Pacific Ocean after returning from the International Space Station in February 2015. SpaceX announced last Monday that it will send two paying customers to the moon next year on a private flight aboard its Dragon capsule. SpaceX's Dragon capsule sits aboard a ship in the Pacific Ocean... In the world according to Elon Musk, haste doesn't make waste - it makes sense. Want to go to the moon? Just do it. To continue reading this story, you will need to be a digital subscriber to HoustonChronicle.com. Get your All Digital Pass to Houston insider news and analysis SUBSCRIBE Mike Tolson Sr. Reporter, Houston Chronicle Kevin Diaz Houston Chronicle Washington Correspondent Houston Trial starts for Woodlands man charged with drug trafficking Business Trump takes credit for Exxon jobs, projects launched before College Sports Herman takes a crack at eradicating 'We're Texas' culture Ken Hoffman How well do you know RodeoHouston trivia? Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Major ports see 169% surge in iron ore handling in April-January Business Standard Govt probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the AAIB to probe the serious incident Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  March 5, 2017 Last Updated at 14:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU7qH4 Representative image ALSO READ Goa airport operational after Jet Airways flight skids of runway Photos: Jet Airways flight skids off the runway in Goa, 15 injured DGCA to probe Mumbai-bound Jet Airways flight skid off at Goa airport Close shave for 246 people on board Jet Airways, probe ordered Jet Airways to up capacity by 50% on certain domestic, international routes The government has started a detailed probe into the incident involving Jet Airways' flight at the Dhaka airport in January when the plane's tail touched the runway during landing. The flight from Mumbai had as many as 168 people on board. After the incident, which happened on January 22, the airline had taken the pilots concerned off their duty and grounded the Boeing aircraft. The Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) to probe the "serious incident". On January 22, Jet Airways confirmed the "tail strike". The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a tail strike on landing at the Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline had said. Ordering a "formal inquiry" into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. Other members in the panel are AAIB Assistant Director Jasbir Singh Larhga and Air Safety Officer Shilpy Satiya. "It appears to the central government that it is expedient to investigate and determine the causes and contributory factors leading to the said serious incident and make recommendations to avoid recurrence of such serious incidents in future," the notification, dated February 22, said. AAIB, under the the civil aviation ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. Read More On Jet Airways | Dhaka Airport | Shilpy Satiya | Aaib | R S Passi | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Govt probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the AAIB to probe the serious incident Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the AAIB to probe the serious incident The government has started a detailed probe into the incident involving Jet Airways' flight at the Dhaka airport in January when the plane's tail touched the runway during landing. The flight from Mumbai had as many as 168 people on board. After the incident, which happened on January 22, the airline had taken the pilots concerned off their duty and grounded the Boeing aircraft. The Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) to probe the "serious incident". On January 22, Jet Airways confirmed the "tail strike". The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a tail strike on landing at the Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline had said. Ordering a "formal inquiry" into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. Other members in the panel are AAIB Assistant Director Jasbir Singh Larhga and Air Safety Officer Shilpy Satiya. "It appears to the central government that it is expedient to investigate and determine the causes and contributory factors leading to the said serious incident and make recommendations to avoid recurrence of such serious incidents in future," the notification, dated February 22, said. AAIB, under the the civil aviation ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Govt probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the AAIB to probe the serious incident The government has started a detailed probe into the incident involving Jet Airways' flight at the Dhaka airport in January when the plane's tail touched the runway during landing. The flight from Mumbai had as many as 168 people on board. After the incident, which happened on January 22, the airline had taken the pilots concerned off their duty and grounded the Boeing aircraft. The Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) to probe the "serious incident". On January 22, Jet Airways confirmed the "tail strike". The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a tail strike on landing at the Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline had said. Ordering a "formal inquiry" into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. Other members in the panel are AAIB Assistant Director Jasbir Singh Larhga and Air Safety Officer Shilpy Satiya. "It appears to the central government that it is expedient to investigate and determine the causes and contributory factors leading to the said serious incident and make recommendations to avoid recurrence of such serious incidents in future," the notification, dated February 22, said. AAIB, under the the civil aviation ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest news Campaign ends for last phase of voting: Ground falls silent, now it’s up in the air 15 years later, CM Ibobi Singh grapples with X-factor: BJP in Manipur SC questions clean chit to LK Advani and others in Babri case Rajasthan HC stays university move to suspend Jodhpur professor for organising lecture Haryana budget: Govt push for digital payments, no new taxes Home India Government probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport Government probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:March 5, 2017 12:42 pm Ordering a “formal inquiry” into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. The government has started a detailed probe into the incident involving Jet Airways’ flight at the Dhaka airport in January when the plane’s tail touched the runway during landing. The flight from Mumbai had as many as 168 people on board. After the incident, which happened on January 22, the airline had taken the pilots concerned off their duty and grounded the Boeing aircraft. The Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) to probe the “serious incident”. Watch what else is making news: On January 22, Jet Airways confirmed the “tail strike”. The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a tail strike on landing at the Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline had said. Ordering a “formal inquiry” into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. Other members in the panel are AAIB Assistant Director Jasbir Singh Larhga and Air Safety Officer Shilpy Satiya. “It appears to the central government that it is expedient to investigate and determine the causes and contributory factors leading to the said serious incident and make recommendations to avoid recurrence of such serious incidents in future,” the notification, dated February 22, said. AAIB, under the the civil aviation ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. Election 2017 UP polls 2017: In his last appeal, Modi talks jobs, empowerment for farmers UP polls 2017: In this village of soldiers, families that lost sons can’t agree on Army and strikes UP elections 2017: At ghats, they revel in arguing about Ganga, politics and Modi Best of Express SportsIndia vs Australia Live Score EntertainmentNoor trailer: Sonakshi Sinha says Mumbai is killing her. Watch video EntertainmentDear Karan Johar, Kangana Ranaut is right about nepotism. It’s high time you accept it EntertainmentBegum Jaan poster: Vidya Balan owns the role as brothel owner, see pics EntertainmentAamir Khan changes his look again and we are totally bowled. See pics Must Read SportsIndia vs Australia Live Score SportsWatch: Kohli livid as Smith seeks dressing room help SportsLive, Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 1st Test Day 1 TechnologyFitbit Alta HR launched in India: Price, specifications and features TechnologyBollywood mega star Amitabh Bachchan to promote OnePlus in India TechnologyNASA plans to create 'coolest spot in universe'  Happy Birthday Jhanvi Kapoor: Steal a glance at our 20 favourite fashionable looks Mar 07: Latest News Mumbai: Penguins get permanent enclosure in Byculla Zoo after 7 months Grand finale to UP polls tomorrow with 7th phase voting CBFC wants 11 cuts in Anaarkali of Aarah: producer Sandiip Kapur Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul Samsung Galaxy S8 launch now scheduled for April 28: Report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live AUS 110/8 (34.2) - IND 274/10 (97.1) Live SL 155/3 (53) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# IPL 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home India Govt probing Jet Airways tail strike incident at Dhaka airport Shares1 Sun, 5 Mar 2017-12:30pm , PTI The government has started a detailed probe into the incident involving Jet Airways' flight at the Dhaka airport in January when the plane's tail touched the runway during landing. The flight from Mumbai had as many as 168 people on board. After the incident, which happened on January 22, the airline had taken the pilots concerned off their duty and grounded the Boeing aircraft. The Civil Aviation Ministry has ordered the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) to probe the "serious incident". On January 22, Jet Airways confirmed the "tail strike". The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a tail strike on landing at the Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline had said. Ordering a "formal inquiry" into the incident, the ministry in a recent notification said a committee headed by AAIB Deputy Director R S Passi will carry out the inquiry. Other members in the panel are AAIB Assistant Director Jasbir Singh Larhga and Air Safety Officer Shilpy Satiya. "It appears to the central government that it is expedient to investigate and determine the causes and contributory factors leading to the said serious incident and make recommendations to avoid recurrence of such serious incidents in future," the notification, dated February 22, said. AAIB, under the the civil aviation ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. A senior AAIB official said the bureau is currently probing more than 12 incidents, but did not provide specific details. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < 'Quit job or will harm family': Culprit who sent threat mail to RBI gov Urjit Patel arrested   Comments   Also Read India Malda: Two arrested with fake notes worth Rs 3.9 lakhs in new currency India Extremist elements 'active' in India, says US travel advisory; warns of attacks in South Asia region India Explosion in Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train, 9 injured India Mumbai terror attack: Helping India in punishing perpetrators will strengthen India-Pak relation, says Congress India UP Elections 2017: Ahead of last phase of polls, Akhilesh issued show cause notice by EC India Fisherman's killing: Amid protests, India takes up matter with Sri Lankan PM; Stalin urges govt to react strongly Next Article > UP Elections 2017 | Congress lodges complaint on PM Modi's 'unauthorised' roadshow, SP workers gherao Town Hall < Previous ArticleNext Article > 'Quit job or will harm family': Culprit who sent threat mail to RBI gov Urjit Patel arrested Live Cricket Score Live AUS 110/8 (34.2), 276/10 (122.4) AUS need 78 runs to win IND 274/10 (97.1), 189/10 (71.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 155/3 (53) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node UP Elections 2017 | Congress lodges complaint on PM Modi's 'unauthorised' roadshow, SP workers gherao Town Hall Related Jaishankar meets Hasina to review ties, Bangladesh PM to visit India in April Jet Airways plane tail hits runway on landing in Dhaka; 168 escape unhurt Bengal court sentences three LeT operatives to death Video Watch: What the hell is Chammak Challo? Here's what happens when you rewrite sexist Bollywood lyrics! WATCH: This song about demonetization blues is a laugh riot! WATCH: Mallika Dua has a hilarious way to promote safe sex in AIB's new video! View all Tags Dhaka Jet Airways Mumbai Boeing Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau Civil Aviation Ministry R S Passi SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News President condoles death of former Lok Sabha Speaker Rabi Ray Syrian army advances on IS-held water supplies for Aleppo - monitor, military source Gorhe concerned over woman leaders getting lewd msgs Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban - foreign ministry TN govt to bear expenses for air lifting student from Georgia Sport #INDvAUS, 2nd Test: India on the verge of a famous win as Australia are reduced to 101 for 6 at Tea Rugby-Lions without five Boks for Buenos Aires cat fight Champions League: Barcelona believe in Paris Saint-Germain 'miracle' mission Tennis-Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month `Out-of-favour` Akmal declares himself fit to make Pak return Entertainment ​​Sonam Kapoor ​REVEALS which is​​ ​her favourite book to read!​ Doctor Who: Peter Capaldi's Time Lord will end the run fighting old foes, Mondasian Cybermen Bipasha Basu BREAKS SILENCE on being accused of unprofessional behaviour! CBFC wants 11 cuts in 'Anaarkali of Aarah': producer After his stellar performance in Karan Johar produced Money Blowhorn raises Rs 25 crore from IDG Ventures, others PFC provides Rs 2,703 cr to WB's 1st super critical project Copper, nickel weaken on global cues, muted demand Paytm to dismiss cancellation charge for bus ticket bookings The product offerings form the front-line in the passenger Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
gazetteliveLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Teesside News UK & World News Crime Politics Health Education Nostalgia Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On What's On News Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Theatre Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife ShoppingExpand Middlesbrough FC Premium BoroExpand Nostalgia Business Food & Drink In Your Area Middlesbrough Stockton Redcar & Cleveland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Cashback Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News Teesside News Courts News Judge locks up burglar saying he has already cost the taxpayer too much money Judge Sean Morris said he 'shuddered to think' how much had been spent on giving Philip Morris chances to change  Share ByGareth Lightfoot 06:00, 5 MAR 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jailed in February Share this video Watch Next  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A judge said he shuddered to think about the “fortune” of public money spent trying in vain to reform a prolific burglar. Philip Corrie, 39, faced sentence for a string of burglaries, including one to a school and two break-ins to a church in two days. He kicked off his latest crime spree as he burgled Sutton Tankers on Boeing Way on the Preston Farm Industrial Estate in Stockton and stole a laptop from a staff locker room on December 12 last year. He went to Mandale Mill Primary School on Thorntree Road, Thornaby, which was undergoing building work, three days earlier. He stole a site manager’s laptop and hard drive from a portable building at 12 to 12.30pm. When spotted on the grounds, he claimed he was looking for work, Teesside Crown Court heard from prosecutor Rachel Masters today. He was detained but escaped and was arrested about a fortnight later. He was bailed, only to invade the staff area of the Iceland warehouse on Castlegate, Stockton, rifled through handbags in a cloakroom and pinched two purses containing £40 and 10 Euros on January 4. He was challenged here too, and said he was a new starter. Staff saw through his lies. He was arrested and confessed to his crime, but was bailed a second time. He broke into the Stockton Baptist Tabernacle church on The Square on January 9, walked into an empty worship area, stole a guitar and sold it immediately at a bargain shop. He burgled the church again the next day, taking an amplifier. Teesside Crown Court The belongings were recovered but the minister spoke of disappointment at how Corrie had taken advantage of a place of hospitality. Corrie, of Cobden Street, Thornaby, admitted the five burglaries. He had 10 burglaries, mostly not at homes, on his record of 83 offences. Duncan McReddie, defending, said Corrie made candid confessions and, in a letter, showed remorse and unusual insight. “But that insight is overridden when he’s in the grip of addiction.” He said the scaffolder was a normal member of society when he kept his drug addiction at bay. “But when he goes back to the drugs, his need for his next fix is all-consuming,” added Mr McReddie. “Philip Corrie is not a man beyond redemption.” Judge Sean Morris said Corrie’s offending had tailed off but was now “back with a vengeance”. He told the offender, appearing in court via video link to Holme House Prison: “You’re middle-aged now. “You’ve had every opportunity under the sun given by you by the law courts to reform your ways but you steadfastly refuse to do so. “You’ve got to keep your hands off other people’s property. You are an almost professional burglar. “You’ve had drug treatment and testing orders, supervision orders, community orders of every type. These cost a fortune. “They say prison is expensive. I shudder to think how much all those courses, all those probation officers have cost, all to no avail. “Take the time to have some introspection. Drugs are a lifestyle choice,” he added, jailing Corrie for 18 months. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @EveningGazette Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Ingleby Barwick and Thornaby Stockton-on-Tees Courts News all Most Read Most Recent CourtsThornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges Daljit Randhawa was also charged with seven sexual assaults and threats to kill Teesside Crown Court was told RedcarNew harrowing Redcar rape details released by Cleveland Police as detectives make fresh appeal Detective Chief Inspector Steve Young has been speaking to the media on Redcar seafront this afternoon MiddlesbroughA66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Emergency services were called to the scene in the last hour:: Cleveland Police are yet to confirm details Redcar rapeRedcar rape: Facebook CCTV image has NOT been released by Cleveland Police An image circulated around social media on Monday regarding two male suspects in a rape investigation SkeltonRichard broke his leg riding a bike - four days later he had lost his life Family pay tributes to popular Skelton 34-year-old who was known as Stitch following his tragic sudden death EducationPistols, knives and attacking DISABLED people: Why pupils were expelled from Tees schools last year A report has outlined the reasons why so many pupils are expelled which has seen the council run out of space to put them CourtsThornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges Daljit Randhawa was also charged with seven sexual assaults and threats to kill Teesside Crown Court was told MiddlesbroughA66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Emergency services were called to the scene in the last hour:: Cleveland Police are yet to confirm details What's On NewsHow to get free food and drink - 11 loyalty schemes you should know about From a free pint to free food, many food and drink businesses have loyalty schemes to reward customers SkeltonRichard broke his leg riding a bike - four days later he had lost his life Family pay tributes to popular Skelton 34-year-old who was known as Stitch following his tragic sudden death Most Read Most Recent CourtsThornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges Daljit Randhawa was also charged with seven sexual assaults and threats to kill Teesside Crown Court was told RedcarNew harrowing Redcar rape details released by Cleveland Police as detectives make fresh appeal Detective Chief Inspector Steve Young has been speaking to the media on Redcar seafront this afternoon MiddlesbroughA66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Emergency services were called to the scene in the last hour:: Cleveland Police are yet to confirm details Redcar rapeRedcar rape: Facebook CCTV image has NOT been released by Cleveland Police An image circulated around social media on Monday regarding two male suspects in a rape investigation SkeltonRichard broke his leg riding a bike - four days later he had lost his life Family pay tributes to popular Skelton 34-year-old who was known as Stitch following his tragic sudden death EducationPistols, knives and attacking DISABLED people: Why pupils were expelled from Tees schools last year A report has outlined the reasons why so many pupils are expelled which has seen the council run out of space to put them Premium Boro Premium BoroTuesday Boro briefing: 'Be careful what you wish for' and building up for the cup Anthony Vickers talks the rumour mill, verbal sparrings, Saturday's cup tie, Zlatan's charge and more in today's briefing CourtsThornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges Daljit Randhawa was also charged with seven sexual assaults and threats to kill Teesside Crown Court was told MiddlesbroughA66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Emergency services were called to the scene in the last hour:: Cleveland Police are yet to confirm details What's On NewsHow to get free food and drink - 11 loyalty schemes you should know about From a free pint to free food, many food and drink businesses have loyalty schemes to reward customers Top Stories EducationPistols, knives and attacking DISABLED people: Why pupils were expelled from Tees schools last year A report has outlined the reasons why so many pupils are expelled which has seen the council run out of space to put them CourtsThornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges Daljit Randhawa was also charged with seven sexual assaults and threats to kill Teesside Crown Court was told SkeltonRichard broke his leg riding a bike - four days later he had lost his life Family pay tributes to popular Skelton 34-year-old who was known as Stitch following his tragic sudden death GrangetownStroke victim, 87, spent 11 hours on the floor before shop keeper came to her aid Ali Aktar grew concerned about his regular customer at his Grangetown convenience store MiddlesbroughA66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Emergency services were called to the scene in the last hour:: Cleveland Police are yet to confirm details Redcar rapeRape victim was dragged from seafront 'screaming for help' before being forced into car with child Cleveland Police continue manhunt for two 'potentially dangerous' suspects connected to the horrific crime CrimeMarket Cross robber ordered to pay ONE POUND of £122,230 Lawyers agreed Liam Wright had no assets to show for his crime under the Proceeds of Crime Act Redcar rapeRedcar rape: Q&A on what we now know about brutal attack after police update Police have released more details about the disturbing case, which happened on Friday RedcarNew harrowing Redcar rape details released by Cleveland Police as detectives make fresh appeal Detective Chief Inspector Steve Young has been speaking to the media on Redcar seafront this afternoon BrottonFormer merchant seaman who was torpedoed in war is awarded top honour John Ronald Murray was awarded the Legion d'Honneur in recognition of his bravery on D Day and in the following weeks Redcar rapeRedcar rape: Facebook CCTV image has NOT been released by Cleveland Police An image circulated around social media on Monday regarding two male suspects in a rape investigation KodiKodi court case: Teesside man hit with £250,000 bill for selling pre-loaded TV boxes Malcolm Mayes was brought to justice after putting an advert in magazine boasting that his £1,000 boxes were '100% legal' Thornaby businessman facing trial on eight rape charges New harrowing Redcar rape details released by Cleveland Police as detectives make fresh appeal A66 near Middlesbrough closed in both directions due to 'police incident' Redcar rape: Facebook CCTV image has NOT been released by Cleveland Police Richard broke his leg riding a bike - four days later he had lost his life Stroke victim, 87, spent 11 hours on the floor before shop keeper came to her aid Kodi court case: Teesside man hit with £250,000 bill for selling pre-loaded TV boxes Salesman hurled 'obscene' abuse at 13-year-old girl Sammy Taylor's funeral cortege Redcar rape: Recap updates as police issued further information after woman and toddler abducted Rape victim was dragged from seafront 'screaming for help' before being forced into car with child Redcar rape: Q&A on what we now know about brutal attack after police update Market Cross robber ordered to pay ONE POUND of £122,230 Redcar rape victim urged not to face the aftermath alone as investigations continue to find attackers Men hunted for rape attack on mum after she and toddler were forced into a car in Redcar Body of man found in woodland close to pub near Guisborough Kodi box court case: The magazine advert which helped convict Teesside dealer 15 pictures which sum up life on Teesside back in 1997 Shock and disgust as Redcar residents try to comes to terms with 'barbaric' rape Two more people die after warnings over low-grade heroin on Teesside streets Middlesbrough-born author's book revisits life of hard man respected by Charles Bronson and Lee Duffy News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Bill Gay March 4, 2017 • Obituaries Advertising A funeral service will be held 10 a.m. Monday, March 6, 2017 at Trinity United Methodist Church for Bill Gay. A graveside service will be held 12:30 p.m. at the General Douglas McBride Veterans Cemetery. Reverend Glenn Tyrion of Trinity United Methodist Church will be officiating. Military honors will be rendered by the Roswell Veterans Honor Guard. William Henry Gay was born in Florence, Kansas September 26, 1919 to Agnes and Berry Gay. He and his younger sister, Amanda Marie, were raised in Newton, Kansas and had extended family in the Mennonite community of Goessel, a town just north of Newton. Agnes was widowed when Bill was just 3 years of age but that didn’t stop him from growing into a wonderful father and a man’s man who loved the outdoors, sports and other rugged pursuits. After high school graduation he attended Bethel College for one year then attended Pittsburg State Teachers College where he met the love of his life, Elma Jean McKinney, in an English literature class. She knew he needed help with his studies so he accepted and they were married June 22, 1941. Then-union came just 6 months before Pearl Harbor. At the time, Bill was a welder at a plant in Wichita which became Boeing Air Craft; he was an assistant foreman when they turned out the first B-29. His service time was with the Army at different locations in Kansas and Colorado. He was a Corporal, a Carbine Sharpshooter and a Surgical Technician. He was shipped overseas with the same National Guard Unit that he had trained with in Kansas so he was really glad to be reunited with boys from his hometown when they headed to war. He spent [auth] V.E. Day on a troop ship and after serving sue months overseas he was shipped back to the U.S. with orders to report to the Pacific arena conflict. However, he spent V.J. Day with Jean at her parents’ home in Fredonia, Kansas. He was always grateful to have been in the service of his country but that his tasks kept him from the terrible sites of active battles. Bill decided to finish his education and received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Denver University and his master’s degree in industrial arts from Kansas State University. After teaching 3 years in Wichita, he and Jean moved to Denver where Bill taught graphic arts at Kepner Junior High School for 30 years. His class won la Place at the State Fair 8 years in a row, even over high school students. When they decided to divide the competition into high school and junior high, his students won first place for 18 more years. Bill and Jean adopted three children. First, Curtis, then three years later, Rick and after four more years, Kendra. The family enjoyed fishing, hiking and camping. When it became clear that those activities kept Jean in the camp kitchen, they decided to take up rock collecting. They tried antique bottle collecting too but always found Rock Hounds to be friendlier and more sharing. The family enjoyed ice skating and skiing in the mountains west of Denver. As teachers the family enjoyed 3 months of the year exploring the mountains and desert areas of the western US. Bill and Jean joined the Methodist Church when living in Wichita and transferred their membership to Bethany United Methodist Church in Denver where Bill was baptized on March 3″1,1956. Bill helped with the building project and was the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and taught the adult Sunday School class. Jean was the organist and choir director for 25 years. Bill never missed a day without devotions at the breakfast table, a month without a tithe or a camping trip that didn’t include finding the closest church where the children could keep up with perfect attendance. He truly loved the Lord. Bill also enjoyed being an Indian Guides member with his sons Rick and Curt as well as his role as Scout Master of the Boy Scouts in Lakewood, Colorado. Kendra kept her parents busy sitting in the stands cheering for her during her many years of softball and track. Bill and Jean rarely missed an activity their children were involved in, whether it was a school play, a madrigal choir group, a sporting event or their kids participation in the Golden Youth Symphony Orchestra where Curt played the French Horn, Rick the percussion and Kendra the violin. As you may all know, the Gays loved rocks…. the more the merrier. Rocks became their life. In fact, they spent many wonderful years collecting rocks, polishing rocks, making jewelry and competing in rock shows. They were selected winners of the “Education Through Sharing Award” by the American Federation of Mineralogical Societies at a National Convention and were honored locally at the Rocky Mountain Federation Gem and Mineral Show. The year before Bill retired he was an exchange teacher to Australia. They exchanged jobs, houses and even cars. Bill and Jean lived in Adelaide for 1 year and explored their adopted continent on their free time … of course collecting rock specimens along the way. Bill and Jean moved to Roswell where Jean’s 2 sisters had relocated in retirement. Since Roswell had such a great climate they decided to move after Kendra was married. That Thanksgiving they woke up to 2 inches of snow! As members of the Chaparral Rock Hound club, they taught lapidary class for the enrichment programs in the Roswell school district. They were also involved in the local RS VP group and loved their time learning new skills in lapidary and jewelry making. No one loved the pursuits of rock collecting and the friends they had in the club more than Bill. He and Jean returned to Australia and spent a month in New Zealand visiting friends and rock hounds they had met before. But their fondest times were spent in the adventure of collecting the next pretty rock and bringing it home to find it’s inner beauty. After toughing it out with declining health and missing his wife of 74 years. Bill joined his loved ones and his Savior, peacefully and joyously with his children at his side. Bill was preceded in death by his father, mother and sister and by his loving wife Jean. He is survived by his children Curtis Gay of Denver, Rick and Dianne Gay of Trenton, Texas and Kendra and Gary Rhoades of Burlington, Colorado. Grand children Joshua Ray and Heather Roots, Karah Reygers and husband Joseph, Kolby Melia and husband Daniel. Great Grand children Bailee, Aaron, Rachel, Donovyn, Dyanna, Benton, Abby, Baylor, Jacoby and Bowen. He will be missed by 2 nieces, a nephew and many, many friends. Arrangements are under the personal care of LaGrone Funeral Chapel. Online condolences may be made at lagronefuneralchapels.com. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Randolph Monroe Upcoming Meetings; The Week Ahead » Business Review Wakefield Oil Co. Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Forecasters warn of windy conditions in New Mexico March 6, 2017 Ex-jail inmates’ lawsuits detail squalid solitary conditions March 6, 2017 Man accused in road-rage shooting at Las Cruces parking lot March 6, 2017 Amazon to collect sales tax in New Mexico starting in April March 6, 2017 Ethics commission proposal advances in New Mexico March 6, 2017 Senate approves New Mexico bill on guns, domestic violence March 4, 2017 New Mexico Republican’s town hall in Ruidoso draws 300 March 4, 2017 New Mexico school building gets historic designation March 4, 2017 DNA test shows man not biological father of late boxer Tapia March 4, 2017 US officials prepare for irrigation season along Rio Grande March 4, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Karan Johar #BMC election #Gurmehar Kaur #Virat Kohli #India vs Australia #Rangoon DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES CBFC exposed: How politicians fill Censor Board with 'chamchas' Shiv Sena mayoral candidate all set to take out the trash ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Eman Ahmed BMC election Gurmehar Kaur Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES 2nd Test: India all out for 274; Australia need 188 runs to win Fastlane 2017: Goldberg becomes the new WWE Universal champion ToPICs India vs Australia IPL Virat Kohli Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Holi Special: Here's where you can get the best 'thandai' in Mumbai This Lower Parel eatery's new bar menu pays homage to Mumbai's Art Deco buildings ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews TOP STORIES Karan Johar slams Kangana Ranaut: If the industry is bad, leave it Rishi Kapoor: If someone tries to troll or abuse me, I won't take it ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News Columnists News Meher Marfatia: Two billboards and a banner By Meher Marfatia | Posted 05-Mar-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pintrest Google+ On a two-mile Marine Drive strip, Air India, Amul and Nana Chudasama have always got Bombay smiling and thinking Amul hailed the Bandra Sea Link connecting the island city to the suburbs. Pic Courtesy/Amul It was a matter of a minute. At 9.15 every morning in the late 1960s, Uttara Parikh entered the Air India office. The phone rang an exact minute after, at least once every week. It was her boss Bobby Kooka's crisp 9.16 am greeting. Keen to crack a fresh idea for a hoarding he had drummed up at night or to tweak an artwork, Air India's commercial director was bent on apprising his young assistant of plans the moment she stepped into their office, then in the Bank of India Building at Fort. The Maharajah mascot was Kooka's 1946 inspiration. By the 1960s the national carrier had already put out some of the world's best airline advertising. Cleverly conceived, executed with rare flair and finesse, the hoarding at Kemps Corner preceded the bigger billboard which fronts Air India's present hub. That went up with the portly mascot quipping, 'Nariman had a point and I'll be on it'. In response to JRD Tata's 1970 announcement that the company would be headquartered at the Nariman Point tip of Marine Drive, the ad drew the Maharajah squatting atop that iconic tower soon also to boast the country's first escalator. Amul's stark indictment of politicians after the 26/11 terror tragedy.âÂÂPic Courtesy/Amul Parikh followed a drill. Having heard Kooka's instruction, she made two calls. One was to Bahadur, the J Walter Thompson artist, who'd rush on motorbike across from the agency on PM Road in 10 minutes. Bahadur sketching the visual, she dialled a second number. That was for Creado, the man who actually shimmied up the scaffolding to hand paint what was on paper - a skill lost to public sight around the year 2000 with the arrival of printed flexes. "Using refined language and imagery, our ads relied on humour to convey civic messages before Amul did," Parikh says. "You think Maharajah and you automatically think Air India. The Maharajah legacy continues. And he has moved with the times. He's slimmer and savvier now. Some campaigns have depicted him with headphones and gadgets even," says Air India's Commercial Director Pankaj Srivastava. This banner framed by Nana Chudasama saluted the resilience and recuperative spirit of Bombay a week after serial bomb blasts ripped the city in March 1993. Pic Courtesy/History on a Banner I dig delightedly into cartons crammed with ad albums. Leafing through, I can smell the 1960s and '70s at the turn of each brittle page. City-specific gems include the Maharajah gasping 'Bombay takes my breath away... 60% of air pollution is caused by automobiles' and the jollier 'Love, sax and all that jazz' celebrating a 1990s Jazz Yatra with the tubby mascot in longhaired rock star avatar. Aviation-related ads show him in charming Chinaman garb, declare 'Confucius say Man who fly Boeing, know where he going'. And, as a 1998 tribute to 50 years of Indian women pilots, 'There's no clipping their wings'. Guffaw-worthy too is the smart series asserting punctuality: from 'Quicksand – 92% on time in Dhahran' and 'Mall the time in the world – 94% on time in Singapore', to my favourite, 'Hey big mamma, on time me comma – 100% on time in Africa.' When JRD Tata announced the plan for Air India to move into its new headquarters, this was the Maharajah's quip. It referred to corporator KF Nariman, who masterminded the Back Bay Reclamation that formed the commercial district of Nariman Point. PicâÂÂCourtesy/Air India I get delicious background details from Saleem (Bittu) Ahmadullah and Gita Mistry, whose mothers were Kooka's sisters. I largely owe Bittu my love of local history, ever since he led me on a heritage trail interesting enough to trundle along tightly clutching an eight-month bellyful of baby! The cousins share how Kooka and JWT artist Umesh Rao tried a thousand designs of the bowing Maharajah with perpetually closed eyes, experimenting with different girth measures for him. He was intended as an overdressed flunkey, not courteous royalty. "The mischievous character was Bobby's personality. He taught us to laugh at ourselves," says Saleem. "To get the Air India ad you needed to be urbane with a touch of sophistication," adds Gita. "It was iconoclastic but worked in days when we were more self-confident." This sense of loss is as strongly felt by Karan Johar. In an interview with Amul adman and mid-day merry man Rahul daCunha, the filmmaker said, "At the moment we seriously lack humour. Amul hoardings stand for three qualities - morality, intelligence and humour. If only our people had all three." Johar's earliest memory of an Amul ad is the one on Marine Drive (beside Bachelor's ice cream stall near Patel Bridge) thanks to his movie mogul father Yash Johar. In the utterly butterly sunny new book, Amul's India 3.0, based on 50 years of Amul advertising by daCunha Communications, he says, "Dad would drop me to school and college. When the 1970s property boom led to more and more high-rise buildings mushrooming across Nariman Point, Nana Chudasama's banner protested this dangerous trend on reclaimed land. Pic Courtesy/History on a Banner I remember the spot on Marine Drive where he'd crane his head out of the car window to see something, chuckle, stick his head back in and drive on. As a child I'd no idea what he was chuckling at. Those days you looked out of the window and appreciated the landscape outside, unlike today where your face is stuck in a phone. Amul topicals are never offensive because they aren't personal. It is always gentle sarcasm." That particular Amul billboard was superbly situated. On view for about a decade from the mid 1980s, it still gave the impression of offering twice-monthly changed ads for far more years. I remember wishing the car or cab that hurtled me down the promenade would halt right here in traffic, to catch more than a passing glimpse of those taglines. The ad strategically faced office-goers in vehicles snaking along the street's north-south axis. Evenings saw it lend the Queen's Necklace a sparkle beyond its pearl strand of lights. The Amul message was mostly a chirpy chide, a naughty nudge, at worst a rap without rancour. When a butter brand becomes the barometer of a nation, how could it not scoop urbs prima in Indis within its savvy sweep? The longest-running outdoor advertising campaign on the planet continues to benignly berate local civic and political apathy. Whether the city is troubled or terrorised, flooded or neglected, the polka-dot dressed Amul girl's heart beats for Bombay. She brings laughter to an age of lout-giri. Shining her vibe from prime spots across town, the little moppet with a blue fringe over saucer eyes, imagined by Sylvester daCunha and visualised by Eustace Fernandes in the 1960s, reigns as a one-woman champion. She is her own Aam Aadmi Party. Ribbing without ridiculing, teasing not taunting, her puns are fun, her jokes never jibes. Staying cool in an insanely volatile era, she urges us to likewise. A short hop from the Air India hoarding, a banner has fluttered in the Arabian Sea breeze for 40-odd years. Nana Chudasama's message blazes on, fiery as the sunsets opposite this site (outside Talk of the Town, where Pizza By the Bay is currently a corner cafe). His terse terminology makes the former sheriff and president of the NGO, I Love Mumbai, something of our original tweeter. Narendrasinhji Mansinghji Chudasama began writing banners with the headline: 'Say it fast, say it slow, rationing must go'. The chronicler of the common man's concerns endearingly says, "I'm a fluke. Politicians provide me with ready fodder for my phrases." Stark, in the absence of visual illustration of his words, Nana's wit is yet enjoyed widely to tickle our collective funny bone. Churchgate station within waving distance means millions of commuters stop in their tracks on the pavement below his office. Grinning as they read lines like 'Save mangroves - our natural coastguards', 'Dalal Street turns into Halal Street - investors slaughtered' and 'Police - decades of service cannot be erased by one black sheep', alluding to rampant criticism against cops after the Marine Drive rape case shocked the city in May 2005. "This is legitimate dissent," says the author of Bombay's most audacious banner. "One message asked 'How long will the tolerant tolerate intolerance?' Other questions have got us into trouble with powers such as the MNS vandalising our premises. I do think one has to remain fearless, speak out. Satire has its special place but my banners are very direct when called for. It's wonderful we at least have a degree of freedom of expression compared with the rest of the country." Is it fading freedom? Fans and followers of Nana's fixture outside Soona Mahal will surely echo what Akshay Chudasama wished for his father in the book, History on a Banner: "May the sun never set on your balcony, to which the city's eyes continue to turn." Author-publisher Meher Marfatia writes fortnightly on everything that makes her love Mumbai and adore Bombay. You can reach her at mehermarfatia@gmail.com Tags: two-mile Marine Drive strip Air India Amul Nana Chudasama Bombay smiling thinking Life and style People Sunday Mid day Facebook Twitter Pintrest Google+ Related Stories British woman raped, held hostage for two months in outback in Australia: Police Crime News | 5 hours Mumbai: Two women turn into Dawood Ibrahim's gang's key players National News | 5 hours Gurmeet Choudhary and Debina Bonnerjee to adopt two girls from a village in Bihar Television News | 5 hours Samsung launches two new smartphones in 'Galaxy A' series Technology News | 06-Mar-2017 HSC paper leak: Two college students arrested National News | 06-Mar-2017 Vice President Hamid Ansari embarks on two-day Jakarta visit National News | 06-Mar-2017 PHOTO VIDEO Spotted: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Amrita Arora in Bandra Spotted: Yami Gautam at salon in Bandra Photos: Manisha Koirala, Mouni Roy at an event in Mumbai Photos: Akshay Kumar launches song 'Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast' Birthday special: Rare pictures of Anupam Kher Bollynews Fatafat: Vidya sends a powerful message with Begum Jaan! When Salman was impressed by Anupam Kher body Kajol glams it up at SRKs fashion show Bollynews Fatafat: Why did Karan ask Kangana to leave Bollywood? You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif's 'Jagga Jasoos' gets delayed again Bollywood News|06-Mar-2017 #SuchiLeaks: The mystery behind Suchitra Karthik 'leaking' intimate photos of Dhanush, other stars Regional News|06-Mar-2017 Are Rekha and Sanjay Dutt secretly married? Her biographer denies it Bollywood News|06-Mar-2017 Photos: Shahid Kapoor, Gauahar Khan, VJ Bani at Mandana Karimi's sangeet Bollywood News|06-Mar-2017 This is how Kapil Sharma responded when Karan Johar asked him about sex Television News|06-Mar-2017 Photos: Ekta Kapoor, Gauahar Khan at Mandana Karimi's wedding reception Bollywood News|06-Mar-2017 Mumbai developer's wife recalls his brutal murder by her ex-husband National News|06-Mar-2017 How Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar kept news of his twins a secret Bollywood News|06-Mar-2017 'Actor' Ishant Sharma's on-field antics has Virat and Twitterati in splits Cricket News|06-Mar-2017 Another HSC paper leak on WhatsApp comes to haunt Maharashtra board National News|05-Mar-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented mid-day review: Will you stay in India's first capsule hotel in Andheri? National News|4 hours Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Twitter trolls, abuses women Bollywood News|07-Mar-2017 Man dies after porn stash falls on him, body recovered after 6 mths Hatke News|07-Mar-2017 Eman Ahmed loses title of world's heaviest woman; ready for surgery National News|6 hours Argument over in-flight meal takes ugly turn for couple from Mumbai National News|04-Mar-2017 Mumbai developer's wife recalls his brutal murder by her ex-husband National News|06-Mar-2017 #SuchiLeaks: The mystery behind Suchitra Karthik 'leaking' intimate photos of Dhanush, other stars Regional News|06-Mar-2017 Mumbai Crime: 'Jealous' Pakistani stabbed 'alcoholic' girlfriend to death Crime News|05-Mar-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: March 6th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily March 6th, 2017 This booster needs a boost...delay called WGS-9 SATCOM mission for the US Air Force   The date for a launch has been adjusted for the upcoming United Launch Alliance Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) rocket that will launch the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the US Air Force. The delay was announced today and was stated as: The launch date for a United Launch Alliance Delta IV carrying the WGS-9 satellite for the U.S. Air Force is no earlier than March 14. The team is actively working to resolve a Delta IV first stage booster issue discovered during standard prelaunch inspections. This additional time will allow the ULA team to ensure all systems are operating nominally prior to launch. A new launch date will be released once it is established. The Delta IV will lift off from Space Launch Complex-37 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Launch Notes: WGS-9 will mark the seventh flight of the Delta IV in the Medium + (5,4)configuration; all launches in this configuration have delivered WGS missions to orbit. This mission also will be the 35th launch of the Delta IV since its inaugural launch in 2002. This mission  involves the WGS satellite. WGS satellites are important elements of a new high-capacity satellite communications system providing enhanced communications capabilities to the troops in the field. WGS has 19 independent coverage areas, 18 of which can be positioned throughout its field-of-view.  This includes eight steerable/shapeable X-band beams formed by separate transmit/receive phased arrays; 10 Ka-band beams served by independently steerable diplexed antennas; and one transmit/receive X-band Earth-coverage beam. WGS can tailor coverage areas and connect X-band and Ka-band users anywhere within its field-of-view. The X-band phased array antenna enables anti-jam functionality without sacrificing performance. WGS from Boeing video http://www.satnews.com/image_uploader/code_images.php?id=521461503 Previously, on Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] eighth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite  communications bandwidth was nearly doubled compared to previous WGS satellites due to an upgraded digital payload. Using leading commercial digital circuit technology, the upgraded satellite aids in fulfilling the increasing demand for high-data rate communications of warfighters around the globe and doubled the satellite’s bandwidth. Boeing's improvements to its satellite products include increasing bandwidth and capacity, incorporating independently steerable and shapeable beams that can point bandwidth to where it’s most needed, deploying the world’s first all-electric propulsion satellites, and stacking and launching together two satellites. Boeing developed the channelizer that divides uplinks bandwidth into 1,900 sub-channels, providing more routes of communications  for transmission. The new channelizer will also be included on WGS-10, at a cost of approximately $340 million. Boeing is on contract for a total of 10 WGS satellites.  The WGS-9 satellite is funded through an international partnership between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, The Netherlands and New Zealand.  http://ulalaunch.com  http://boeing.com   Topical Tags :  Military    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Sentinel-2B soars and monitors from the soil to the sky... Copernicus' Earth Observation mission  ULA to launch NASA's JPSS-2 mission AtlanTechRF reveals their Satellite Simulator Systems' new SNG series at D.C. trade event Draper's GN&C expertise to play a crucial role with SSL's government-owned satellite servicing mission Next-generation satellite terminal makes market entry from Hughes Network Systems More News A plethora of products from Teledyne Microwave Solutions (TMS) presented at D.C. show... With an exhibit booth and roundtable involvement, Arianespace takes their place at the D.C. show... New antenna systems from Cobham presented to attendees at D.C. show... Gilat is upwardly mobile... on-the-move applications are mobility-ready solution on land, sea and air Fazzt® unwrapped for D.C. show attendees by KenCast Cubic / GATR / Vocality have much to show at Satellite 2017 Mohammed bin Rashid Space Centre and KARI sign MOU to cooperate on space-related activities WALI smallsat nearing completion at Western Michigan University Comtech EF Data presents their Heights Dynamic Network Access technology to D.C. show attendees Isotropic's antenna technology attracts millions in VC Gilat unveils their new dual-band aero antenna at D.C. show tomorrow, Tuesday the 7th Making an entry at the D.C. show is Advantech Wireless' 2Gen ASAT II™ system Ball Aerospace displays their capabilities at D.C. show... panel discussion on Tuesday, March 7th... Teleport talk in Satellite 2017 panel presentation with Talia Limited on Tuesday, March 7... Last Week's Top Stories The Sky and Space Global nano trilogy is ready to launch Lift Off! NROL-79 Satellite on Mystery Mission for National Reconnaissance Office  Newtec is bigger and wider ... expands its HTS and DVB-S2X Wideband Hub product portfolio Done deal... maybe — Intelsat and OneWeb to combine synergies... and technologies... as well as new SoftBank investment SES makes three executive board decisions... Advantech Wireless brings into focus the evolution of satellite broadband Space Coast facility opening for Aerojet Rocketdyne Coleman Aerospace And the winners are... World Teleport Association Announces Finalists for 2017 Teleport Awards Sentinel-2B lofting prep in French Guiana On the show floor... Newtec's presence at the upcoming D.C. show News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Satellite 2017 World ATM Congress Paris Space Week CABSAT 2017 SatExpo Campaign360 China Content Broadcasting Network(CCBN)
Menu More Awards Advertising Archives Local World Sport Opinion Samoana Entertainment Technology Videos P.M. Tuilaepa and the government must proceed with caution 05 March 2017 321 Hits Mata'afa Keni Lesa Contribute to the ‘Samoa Observer - Ele’s Fund’ How to contribute to the ‘Samoa Observer - Ele’s Fund’ The Samoa Observer has set up a fund at the Bank of South Pacific in Samoa for supporters of weightlifter and Olympic Silver medalist, Ele Opeloge. The Fund is to belatedly to acknowledge and honour her for her second placing at the 2008 Beijing Olympics after the original second and third place getters were found to have used performance-enhancing drugs. If you live overseas and would like your name to be recorded with your donation, you can either TT your donation to the Bank of South Pacific, ‘Samoa Observer – Ele’s Fund’ Account Number 2000935599 or send it with your name by money transfer to one of the following outlets. The names of donors will be published in the Samoa Observer. AUCKLAND Head Office: 8/28 Bairds Road OTARA Ph: (09) 2700416 / 8700412 Fax: (09) 2700428 Choice Discounts Sanjay / R enu Shop 2, 200 Great South Road PAPAKURA Ph/Fax: (09) 2977466 Cell: 0210307496 (Renu) Otara Centre: Shop 2 25 Fairmall OTARA MALL CENTRE Ph: (09) 2650330 Fax: (09) 2650334 The Punters Dairy Kishor / Kaylas 1897 Great North Road AVONDALE Ph/Fax: (09) 8287371 Central Dairy: Mr Patel 743 Massey Road MANGERE Ph: (09) 2759771 Cell: 0210362349 Sumit Food Centre Ba;vant & Vasanti Rohit 519 Great North Road GREY LYNN Ph/Fax: (09) 3789450 Browns Road Superette Mizanur Rahman 112 Browns Road MANUREWA Ph: (09) 2684321 Fax: (09) 2684324 Raam's Dairy Mr Girish Patel 1266 Dominion Road MT ROSKILL Ph/Fax: (09) 6204077 Roscommon Superette Ltd Kaushik Mistry Shop 4 / 255 Browns Road MANUREWA Ph/Fax: (09) 2670651 Cell: 0226223446 Lincoln North Drycleaner Pele Toevai 254 Shop 6 HENDERSON Ph/Fax: (09) 8366962 WELLINGTON Jay Store Melissa 2 Ruthven Road WAINUIOMATA, LOWER HUTT Ph: (04) 9398050 Mako Mako 47 Mako Mako Road LEVIN 5510 Ph/Fax: (06) 3689607 Discount T Kevin / Sammy 9 Serlby Place PORIRUA Ph: (04) 2379196 Fax: (04) 2379197 The Discount T Eva 146 Riddiford St NEWTON Ph: (04) 8910867 Fax: (04) 8910320 MMT Marton Michael Salue 15B Russell Street MARTON Cell: 0223658193 LA 2000 Dairy Mr Kamal / Sonal 325 Oxford Street LEVIN / MANAWATU Ph: (06) 3685461 Fax: (06) 3682208 CHRISTCHURCH Lele Molioo Lele 3/632 Cashel Street LINWOOD Cell: 0226504132 ASHBURTON Allenton Food Market Ltd Kirtesh Shah / Dhuval Pandya Ph/Fax (03) 3081070 Cell: 0220333722 0212348713 HAMILTON Clarkin Road Superette / Lotto Mr Mashesh / Mr Daxa Patel 170 Clarkin Road FAIRFIELD Ph: (07) 8556299 Fax: (07) 8556499 NAPIER Napier Foodmart Chetan Patel 23A Trinity Crescent PIRIMAI Ph: (06) 8437830 Cell: 0212523511 DUNEDIN Ueta Uelese & Jenni Sinclair 15 Begg Street ST KILDA Ph: (03) 9491037 Cell: 0211571741 021689439 HASTINGS Desi Foodstore 910 Gordon Road FLAXMERE Ph/Fax: (06) 8734188 / 8734184 Cell: 0211513414 Khalsa Fruit & Vege Surinderut Kaur 85 Chatham Road FLAXMERE Ph: (06) 8797569 Cell: 0223183889 Silver Birch Sand B 2013 Ltd 185 Main Road CLIVE HASTING Ph: (06) 8700273 Race Course Sourav 94A Racecourse Road WAIPOKEPAU Ph: (06) 8587531 Cell: 02511414043 TIMARU Allenton Timaru Ph: (03) 6831177 MELBOURNE Broadmeadows Phil Asian Carrie 16 Railaway Cres, Broadmeadows 3047 Ph/Fax (03) 93093277 Foodworld Dandenong Ranita Unit 5, 110-123 Lonsdale Street 3175 Ph: (03) 97949744 FaxL (03) 97935144 Pacific Island Mix Peter / Ina Shop 15 Princess St, St Albans Ph: (03) 93109604 Fax: (03) 93109670 Foodworld Laverton 2/141 Dohertys Road 3026 Ph: 0420393017 Fax: 061393114344 Cell: 0420393017 Pacifc Mart 6 Enterprise Avenue, Hampton Park 3976 Ph/Fax: (03) 87875022 BRISBANE Samoa Family Financial Services Robin & Elisapeta Green Shop 7, 390 Kingston Road, Slacks Creek Ph/Fax: 061731330888 Cell: 061424060392 Cell (Peka): 061450462571 JD Financials 6b/5 Smiths Goodna, 4300 Ph: 061738183000 Fax: 061738183077 SYDNEY Moatoga Money Transfer Oketi 84 Gurney Road, Chester Hill 2162 Ph: 061296451075 Fax: 061296456821 Cell: 061432542506 Faaolaola Samoa Money Transfer Maifea Fetu 244 Excelsior Guildford 2161 Ph: 061297881991 For further information: Email Marj Moore marjandebs@gmail.com × A story titled “Govt. outlines financial centre, air traffic focus” published on the Sunday Samoan of 5 February 2017 made for some very interesting reading. The story was based on an interview Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sa’ilele Malielegaoi had done with Brian Caplen of The Banker Magazine where he highlighted the government’s plans to develop the Samoa International Finance Authority (S.I.F.A) and to grow Polynesian Airlines international portfolio. The interview is worth revisiting. First Prime Minister Tuilaepa assured of efforts to tackle money-laundering concerns to ensure S.I.F.A. will continue to play a critical role in Samoa’s development.  “Of course, the centre has been facing many problems with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development [O.E.C.D.] zeroing in on money laundering control and we were on the grey list for a short time,” he said.   “But we have been to the international committees for [advice and oversight on] the control of money laundering.” “The money that the financial centre gets has been very useful to help with the funding of our budget but mostly it helps in the sponsoring of our sports.” Tuilaepa insisted there is nothing sinister about Samoa’s financial centre.  “The essential thing the O.E.C.D. is after is to have disclosure of information on the activities and to ensure there is no money laundering passing through the centre. Ours is one of the most reputable centres.” Well that’s a good reassurance, isn’t it? Let’s wait and see. In the meantime, Tuilaepa had more on his mind. He revisited the issue of Polynesian Airlines operating international flights.  “We are now looking at the possibility of having our own planes again.”   “Our joint venture is coming up for review and the feeling is generally that, subject to a review, we should fly our own planes once again [internationally].” (Polynesian Airlines got into financial difficulties and stopped flying internationally after the downturn that followed the terrorist 9/11 attacks of 2001.) “This would give a real boost to tourism because it’s quite possible that Virgin will still fly its planes in if we terminate our joint venture so that would mean extra flights and more tourists.”  “We would have to proceed very cautiously and restrict flights to the more profitable routes of New Zealand and Australia. It was when we flew to the US that we began to face problems. That’s where we should enter into a co-share with other airlines.” At the end of the day, Prime Minister believes more flights will bring in more visitors. “As it is now, both Virgin and Air New Zealand are deliberately controlling the flights into Samoa to ensure that fares are raised as high as possible,” he said. “The fares from here to New Zealand are extremely expensive and they are doing that by limiting the flights.” Now both Virgin Australia and Air New Zealand vehemently reject the claim. In fact last week the General Manager of Air New Zealand’s local office booted the claim to touch. Still, the thought that the government insists on revisiting the old Polynesian Airlines with the idea of returning it to a fully fledged international operation is chilling.  We’ve said it earlier and we will say it again. This is could either be the most brilliant idea the government has come up with for a while or it could be the craziest thing it has done yet. We should not forget that the last time Polynesian Airlines was operated in a similar manner – although on a much grander scale – the country was nearly bankrupted. At one point when the airline had gone from one Boeing aircraft to a four-Boeing fleet, its debt had ballooned to “over $50 million” in aircraft leases.  It was then that the risk of bankruptcy became very real and all the taxpayers of this country ended up shouldering the burden.  And yet it appears that history is about to repeat itself.  We know from the last time Polynesian Airlines operated international flights that there was a lot of corruption then. In fact, it was the prickly combination of corruption and mismanagement that dragged the airline to the mess it had found itself in. That was then. Has anything changed since? Sad to say, there is not a lot to be confident about when it comes to the government’s track record in dealing with corruption. So what guarantee do we have that this new Polynesian plan will not end up down the same path?  The point is that we are struggling enough as a nation. We don’t want the people of this country suffering anymore than they already are.  With the economy in dire straits and our debt level skyrocketing beyond the ridiculous, we prefer to err on the side of caution and stay far, far away from taking unnecessary risks. We again take this opportunity to urge the government to consider the following issues. Firstly, if the government persists, Polynesian will soon be competing directly with Virgin Samoa and Air New Zealand. We will have three carriers servicing the same routes going after the same ‘fickle market share.’ That’s good for competition, you might say. But how can Polynesian Airlines sustain it? Who will pay all the costs necessary as it tries to find its feet? And for how long? Keep in mind that the bigger competitors have the advantage and they will do everything in their power to force the smaller guy out of business. Secondly, there is nothing to stop Virgin Australia from flying to Samoa under an open sky policy. When that happens, you will again have Polynesian Airlines taking on Air New Zealand and Virgin Australia who are already an alliance by the way. Who do you think is going to win there? Logistically, Polynesian Airlines does not have the marketing power and the pull the big networks and Airline Alliances such as Virgin and Air New Zealand have. Moneywise, who has the millions to pay for the set up costs? We say this because we are under no illusion that this will cost millions of tala of taxpayers money.  Think of the cost for pilots, crew members, training, housing, transport, salaries and wages, start-up marketing costs, offices in New Zealand and elsewhere, aircraft parts, maintenance and more. Think of the volatile fuel costs. And with the deal with Solomon Airlines, the government will no doubt be asked to front up a guarantee and this will not be a few thousands. We’re talking millions again. Now here is what history has taught us. When Polynesian Airlines last ventured into international flights, it made losses in the millions and taxpayers ended up paying dearly for it. It nearly bankrupted this country. We cannot afford that again.  The word for the government today is caution with a capital C. Have a restful Sunday Samoa, God bless! More in Editorial 333 Hits Snippets from the past in President Trump’s little, big puppet called America 214 Hits It is the people 231 Hits Democracy Samoa style 478 Hits Justice, rule of law and consistency 285 Hits How much more can they endure Latest News 539 Hits Samoa A squad named for Pacific Rugby Challenge 80 Hits TeensNET Program a Hit in Savaii 124 Hits South Africa beats Fiji 19-12 to win Las Vegas Sevens 346 Hits S.N.P.F. tells members to download annual reports Most Read 2464 Hits Samoa wins at Las Vegas parade 2436 Hits The plight of a grandpa 1842 Hits Bellew stuns Haye with 11th-round stoppage 1219 Hits An insanely talented mother 980 Hits Judge’s orders in failed charges against Police Commissioner Contact Other NEWSROOM news@sobserver.ws +685 23078 ADVERTISING sales@sobserver.ws +685 26977 ONLINE online@sobserver.ws +685 31929 Tusitala Short Story Competition Bella's Save A Child Fund © Samoa Observer 2016 Developed by Samoa Observer in Apia
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday March 7, 2017 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist Craig Platt 29 Mar 2016, 12:33 p.m. The return of supersonic air travel has taken a step closer to reality. Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist The Boom supersonic jet would reach speeds higher than 2300 km/h A mock-up of the Boom supersonic jet at Heathrow Airport. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit The return of ultra-fast air travel has taken a step closer to reality with Virgin Group announcing it has signed a deal to buy 10 supersonic jets from a company called Boom. Boom founder Blake Scholl, a pilot and former Amazon executive, is already working on a prototype of the jet, which would travel at speeds higher than 2300 km/h (more than 100 km/h faster than the Concorde's top speed). It would allow passengers to fly from New York to London in under 3.5 hours. "We are talking about the first supersonic jet people can afford to fly," Scholl, told the Guardian. "This isn't science fiction, we are actually doing this." Scholl claims his jet will succeed where the Concorde failed because flights will be more affordable, citing a price of about $US5000 ($A6658) return – a price comparable to a business class fare on a standard airline. Richard Branson's Virgin Group has also reportedly invested $US2 billion in another company – an unnamed London airline – to develop supersonic planes. Boom's small team includes former engineers from Boeing and Lockheed Martin and aims to have its prototype completed by the end of 2017. The revival of fast, long-haul travel has been the dream of many since the end of the Concorde service. Various projects have considered ways to increase the speed of passenger aircraft. Last year, Branson told Traveller.com.au that he expected that within his children's lifetime passengers would be able to fly from Sydney to London in less than two hours (see video above) through sub-orbital space flight like that being developed by his Virgin Galactic company. Virgin Galactic's initial purpose has been focused on space tourism, with many wealthy would-be astronauts forking out $US200,000 for a joy flight, but Branson indicated ultra-fast travel across the globe was on the cards. "At Virgin Galactic we've got 500 wonderful engineers there and they are very keen to move Virgin Galactic into point-to-point travel at tremendous speed," he said. NASA and Lockheed Martin have worked on designs for a supersonic craft dubbed "Son of Concorde". One of the supersonic Concorde's big drawbacks was its inability to fly at speed over land because of the sonic booms created. Lockheed Martin is working on ways to reduce the impact of sonic booms. A group of Concorde enthusiasts has also announced it has a plan to get the aircraft flying again. Hypersonic technology, which has been tested in the Australian outback, aims to develop aircraft that can fly at Mach 8 (8600km/h). But Scholl says his plane is "no bull---t" as it is based on existing technology – not hypersonic or other ultra-fast technologies that could be 30 years away from actually becoming a reality. "I started this because I was sad that I never got to fly on Concorde. I waited but no one was doing it, so I decided to," Scholl said. "Ultimately I want people to be able to get anywhere in the world in five hours for $100." See also: How to secure an emergency exit row seat on a plane See also: Hypersonic jet could fly New York to London in 11 minutes The story Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Art and music magic Car taken after drag race Rebels squad confirmed for 2017 season Inspiration comes from famous faces Further info on compost plant sought Editor's Picks Get #homesafe this Christmas Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Reserve Bank keeps cash rate at 1.5 per cent The Reserve Bank of Australia has held the cash rate steady at 1.5 per cent. Fairfax Front Pages:​ Tuesday, March 7, 2017 NATIONAL: The Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Legendary racehorse Subzero up for a chat | Video No-one can talk to a horse, of course – that is, of course, unless the horse is the ... ‘I’m more than a chair’: Double amputee feels discriminated in job hunt Haddon man Owen Telford knows he has a disability. He’s the first to admit it. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Carmarthen Llanelli Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Crime Education Business South Wales Live Health Politics Jobs News Blogs Letters Transport Community Pair from Swansea up for national awards for overcoming their issues By South Wales Evening Post  |  Posted: March 04, 2017 By Gemma Parry   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Thabo Khumalo and Alfie Walters are both up for awards Pair from Swansea up for national awards for overcoming their issues X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Thabo Khumalo and Alfie Walters are both up for awards Boys harbouring suicidal thoughts urged to contact ChildLine 1 New low as thieves steal equipment from a Swansea cancer... 1 Customer's severe reaction to food from Swansea restaurant... 1 Comments (0) TWO young men from Swansea will be heading to London next week for the Prince's Trust awards in which they are shortlisted. Alfie Walters, aged 16 and Thabo Khumalo, aged 23, have both been nominated for prestigious awards in the Prince's Trust and TK Maxx Celebrate Success Awards, having won similar accolades just months before. READ MORE: Thousands honour Elli Norkett as teammates create beautiful tribute at first game without her Alfie won the Wales Educational Achiever award a few months ago while Thabo won the Wales Rising Star category for their work to overcome their issues and better themselves. The two will attend a red carpet ceremony at the Palladium in London on March 15 hosted by Ant and Dec. With a history of difficulties in school, Alfie always felt that he was struggling. Within three years, he tragically lost both of his parents, and school grew to become a safe and familiar place for him. Alfie Walters He joined the Prince's Trust xl programme and found a mode of learning that accommodated his difficulties. Soon, his attendance rocketed to 99 per cent and he gained a level two award.He's even been inivted back to the school to motivate younger pupils and now, he's just one of three people across the UK nominated for the Boeing Educational Achiever of the Year award. READ MORE: The progress being made to transform the home of the Fields Twins has been called 'amazing' "I know I have gained a really good qualification. I didn't think I could ever do this as I was never any good at school before I did xl. Now I've got something to give employers," he said. Sir Michael Arthur, President of Boeing Europe, added: "We are the proud sponsors of the Educational Achiever Award. "Alfie has overcome significant personal barriers to develop new skills which enabled him to re-engage with education. We wish him all the best on March 15!" Thabo is also one of three young people across the country nominated in the awards; this time for the Delta Airlines Rising Star award. Thabo Khumalo The 23-year-old left school without any qualifications and found himself unintentionally involved in gangs in London. But, when he best friend was stabbed, he knew he had to make a change and headed to Swansea. After a period of unemployment and being away from his family, he began to feel isolated. That's when he was introduced to the Prince's Trust Get Started with Football programme, delivered by Swansea City FC. READ MORE: Pontarddulais fighter Brett Johns has lifted the lid on his sporting journey He threw himself into the course and realised his dream of becoming a football coach. He took up volunteer coaching roles at Swansea Academy, before being offered a part-time job as a community coach, which was soon made permanent. "I realised that The Prince's Trust had opened the door to the rest of my life and I just had to walk through it," he said. "The Trust gave me a new outlook on life and it gave me the confidence, motivation and ambition to succeed." Nat Pieper, Delta's Senior Vice President Europe, Middle East, Africa and India, said, "We are proud sponsors of the Rising Star Award. "Thabo has faced substantial personal obstacles, worked hard to overcome them and is now in sustainable employment as a result of a Prince's Trust programme - a fantastic achievement! We wish him all the best on March 15!" Report this article Read more from South Wales Evening Post Most Recent Most Commented Boys harbouring suicidal thoughts urged to contact ChildLine New low as thieves steal equipment from a Swansea cancer care... Customer's severe reaction to food from Swansea restaurant led to... A festival to celebrate Swansea's multi-cultural diversity has... Two given suspended custodial sentences for 'vicious assault' on... New films are aiming to unite Swansea and tackle hate crime Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Compliance Technician Salary : £21,913.00 pa (additional 2% salary uplift to be added as at 1st April 2017) Sales Clerk Salary : Sales Clerk Junior Graphic Designer Salary : Competitive salary dependent on experience Member Retention Officer Salary : £15,000 – £20,000 based on experience Technical Officer Vehicle Approvals Salary : £29,832 - £32,367 Regional Sales Manager(s) Salary : 35k–40k, + Regional Profit Sharing Bonus Scheme, + Car and Tech Communications Officer Salary : £36,000 Transport Drivers Salary : Competitive Maintenance engineer Salary : Competative Service Engineer Salary : Good Early Years Key Person Salary : Good Site Manager & Brick layer Salary : Competitive Technician/MOT Tester Salary : Competitive Salary + Bonus Field Sales / Direct Sales Representative Salary : £16640 - £40000 per annum Teaching (Care and Welfare) Assistants Salary : £11,743  Clerc Salary : Ystod cyflog £45,513 i £59,729, yn codi i £46,082 i £60,476 Clerk Salary : £45,513 to £59,729 rising to £46,082 to £60,476 Insurance Arrangers Salary : £20,000 per annum (rising to £21,000 after training) Senior Maintenance Manager Salary : £53,324.00 (plus 10% Car Allowance) Planned Maintenance Officer Salary : £31,144.00 pa (additional 2% salary uplift to be added as at 1st April 2017) Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Jobs news Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Rugby Cricket Equestrianism Athletics Tennis Angling Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education Major League Baseball is first to allow the use of a device to collect player biometrics in games Geared Up! The new Xbox Game Pass, and the future of smartphone design Twitch ‘Pulse’ adds Facebook-like social media tool to streaming giant’s front page IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Yahoo launches text-based chatbot called Captain to help organize family schedules Dick’s Drive-In lovers crash the Seattle burger joint’s website trying to cast votes for next location ThinkGeek opening another Washington state store with Tacoma Mall location coming this spring Netflix will reportedly launch a choose-your-own-adventure show later this year Expedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud NY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? One giant leap: Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s shiny new BE-4 rocket engine Seattle Genetics cancer drug clinical trials will go forward after FDA lifts hold Amazon closes cable store that resold packages from Comcast and Frontier Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Trump’s revised immigration order will suspend travel from six majority Muslim nations but won’t bar visa-holders or Iraqis uZoom raises more cash to grow 1-to-1 live streaming platform with new e-commerce play The spectacular characters and ridiculously awesome cosplay of Emerald City Comicon Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Report: Amazon plans to bring Alexa and cloud-based deep learning tools to call centers Amazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Update: AWS cloud storage back online after outage cripples popular sites How the tech industry uses H-1B visas and what could change under President Trump Seattle’s population is growing at nearly double the rate of Silicon Valley but it still lags behind as an innovation hub Citing schedule slips, Spaceflight rebooks 89 satellites on SpaceX’s launch list Tech vet revs up The Shop, a club for car lovers with a new Ethan Stowell restaurant under the hood Microsoft’s ‘Azure Stack’ for on-premises servers will use pay-as-you-go cloud pricing model Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Watch Uber CEO Travis Kalanick have it out with a driver over the direction of the company Amazon wins 3 Oscars in a first for streaming studio — and Jeff Bezos gets a fun shout-out Startup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Microsoft employees donate a record $142M to non-profits, and have a lot of fun along the way Chemotherapy, surgery and David Bowie: How music helps cancer patients heal In new immigration twist, U.S. suspends option to pay for faster H-1B visa processing Startup Spotlight: LevelTen Energy makes it easier for corporations to buy clean power Trending: Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Space & Science Why choose to go to the moon? Trump changes commercial space calculations by Alan Boyle on March 3, 2017 at 4:01 pmMarch 5, 2017 at 3:45 pm Comments  4 Share  66 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! An artist’s conception shows Bigelow Aerospace’s lunar depot in orbit. (Bigelow Aerospace) Nearly 55 years ago, President John F. Kennedy said America chose to go to the moon and take on other challenges “not because they are easy, but because they are hard.” Now it’s commercial space ventures that are choosing to go to the moon. Back in the 1960s, the moon effort was aimed at demonstrating America’s greatness. A similar motivation is at work this time around: to demonstrate that President Donald Trump is making America great again. Trump has given nods to the space effort in his two big speeches: In his inauguration address, he said America was “ready to unlock the mysteries of space.” And in his address to this week’s joint session of Congress, he said seeing American footprints on distant worlds was “not too big a dream.” So far, however, specifics have been in short supply – no doubt because Trump has other priorities on his mind right now, and because a new administrator for NASA hasn’t yet been named. That has left commercial players such as Blue Origin, SpaceX and Bigelow Aerospace free to fill in the gaps, adapting their goals in space to fit a first-term time frame. This week, the billionaire founder of Blue Origin and Amazon, Jeff Bezos, acknowledged that he’s “hoping to partner with NASA on a program called ‘Blue Moon,’ where we would provide a cargo delivery service to the surface of the moon, with the intent over time of building a permanently inhabited human settlement on the moon.” “It’s time for America to go back to the moon – and this time, to stay,” Bezos said Thursday night at an Aviation Week award ceremony. “We can do it. It’s a difficult but worthy objective.” Bezos’ ambition to start lunar deliveries in 2020 ups the ante for NASA as well as other commercial players. SpaceX founder Elon Musk, one of Bezos’ most outspoken rivals in the space business, has a plan to send private customers on a trip beyond the moon and back. Another billionaire, Robert Bigelow, says his aerospace company and its partners could put a space station and fuel depot in lunar orbit. If initiated soon, a lunar depot could be in operation by the end of 2020. pic.twitter.com/dI5s3Gvf5i — Robert Bigelow (@RobertTBigelow) March 1, 2017 Boeing, Lockheed Martin and United Launch Alliance have similar plans on the books for putting outposts in lunar orbit. And five teams chasing after the Google Lunar X Prize are aiming to start landing probes on the moon by the end of this year, potentially beating Bezos to the punch. In a statement emailed to GeekWire today, NASA was supportive of such efforts without mentioning Blue Origin or any other company by name: “This is an exciting time for space exploration as a number of private companies are expressing interest in providing cargo and human spaceflight services. For more than a decade, NASA has been investing in private industry to foster what was then a fledgling enterprise. Today, private companies are providing cargo services to the International Space Station and will soon return the launch of astronauts to U.S. soil. These emerging service providers will allow NASA the flexibility to develop spacecraft and systems needed for a sustained human presence deeper into space, to the moon, and on to Mars and other distant worlds. Moving human presence deeper into space will require the best of NASA and the private sector.” NASA’s statement makes nary a mention of the space exploration goal that was set by the Obama administration in 2010: visiting a near-Earth asteroid, or at least striking off a chunk of an asteroid for study. That omission, along with references to the moon, Mars “and other distant worlds,” might suggest that the space agency is already anticipating a shift in its exploration agenda. Much has been made of the “billionaire space club” rivalry, but a bigger rivalry seems to be shaping up between players like Bezos and Musk on one side, who say they’re willing to share the financial burden of deep-space missions because of their personal convictions, and more traditional players like Boeing and Lockheed Martin on the other side. A key focus for the rivalry will be NASA’s own deep-space exploration program and the development efforts for the Orion crew vehicle (led by Lockheed Martin) and the heavy-lift Space Launch System (led by Boeing). Right now, NASA is considering upgrading the first test flight of the Space Launch System, also known as SLS, to carry astronauts beyond the moon and back. Once his team settles in at NASA, will Trump take aim at Orion and SLS, as he took aim at the F-35 fighter jet program and the next-generation Air Force One? Might there be a “New Space” vs. “OId Space” competition, as suggested in one of the Trump transition documents? Perhaps the biggest question looming over commercial lunar missions is the same one Kennedy raised in 1962: Why the moon? Why choose this as our goal? This year marks not only the 55th anniversary of Kennedy’s “We Choose to Go to the Moon” speech, but also the 60th anniversary of the Sputnik launch and the start of the Space Age. For Sputnik’s 50th anniversary, I laid out “five E’s” that serve as justifications for the space effort: exploration, entertainment, energy, empire building and extinction avoidance. Different players have different motivations: For NASA, it’s mostly about science and exploration. For Musk, it’s about making humanity a multiplanet species and thus avoiding extinction. For Bezos, it’s about the long-term energy payoff provided by space solar power. For Trump and his aides, however, the motivation appears to be more in the Cold War mode: making America demonstrably great again, preferably in time for the 2020 presidential election. A draft proposal obtained by Politico last month talks about “private American astronauts, on private spaceships, circling the moon by 2020; and private lunar landers staking out de facto ‘property rights’ for Americans on the moon, by 2020 as well.” Empire building, it seems, is back in style. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire 6th Anniversary Bash on March 15th. The GeekWire Bash has it all: ping-pong, dodgeball, foosball, beer pong, video games, arcades, tricycle races, sumo wrestling, drinks, table top games, massages, a beer dispensing robot, cornhole and MORE. Get your tickets today for Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party! Comments 4 Share  66 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous StoryWorking Geek: When Adobe Marketing Manager Dana McAlexander isn’t in the air, you’ll find her on horseback Next StorySuperhero on the Street: I dressed up as Captain GeekWire and grilled the cosplayers at Comicon Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Blue Origin • Donald Trump • Moon • Politics • SpaceX GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Donald Trump disses America’s space program; what would Hillary Clinton do? Space ventures get shout-outs in State of the State Address – and State of the Union Moon Village vs. Journey to Mars: Which space vision will the next president pick? White House works out a process to clear commercial missions to moon and Mars Previous StoryWorking Geek: When Adobe Marketing Manager Dana McAlexander isn’t in the air, you’ll find her on horseback Next StorySuperhero on the Street: I dressed up as Captain GeekWire and grilled the cosplayers at Comicon Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education GeekWire Deals: Finally, watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more—offline—with PlayOn Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Mobile EngineerDistiller Software Engineer – ToolsOfferUp E-commerce ManagerPacific Market International (PMI) × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
null
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items America’s Hidden Water Affordability Crisis - 03/07/2017 - Yves Smith NAFTA in Play: How President Trump Could Reshape Trade in North America - 03/07/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/6/2017 - 03/06/2017 - Lambert Strether Political Misfortune: Anatomy of Democratic Party Failure in Clinton’s Campaign 2016 (Part I) - 03/06/2017 - Lambert Strether Links 3/6/17 - 03/06/2017 - Lambert Strether Vanity Fair Acts as Democratic Party Enforcer Against Greenwald, NC, Others; Train Wreck Ensues - 03/06/2017 - Yves Smith Cambridge Analytica: BINGO! - 03/06/2017 - Yves Smith The Trump Presidency: An Embarrassment for Those Who Believe in the Market - 03/06/2017 - Lambert Strether Apprenticeship and the Rise of Europe - 03/06/2017 - Yves Smith The Trump Presidency: An Embarrassment for Those Who Believe in the Market Posted on March 6, 2017 by Lambert Strether Lambert here: Zingales’s credulous simplicity is charming — the idea that the oligarchs who rule us believe in “markets” as opposed to (their own) “business” — but the article does give “free market conservatives” license to break with Trump on ideological grounds. By Luigi Zingales is the Robert C. McCormack Distinguished Service Professor of Entrepreneurship and Finance at the University of Chicago – Booth School of Business. He is a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, a Research Fellow of the Center for Economic Policy Research, and a Fellow of the European Corporate Governance Institute. Cross-posted from Evonomics. After his election, it was difficult to predict what President Trump would do. In the election campaign he said everything and the opposite of everything: from a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports to the reintroduction of the separation of commercial and investment banks, from an aggressive use of antitrust authority to the total abolishment of Dodd-Frank, the financial regulation that was enacted after the crisis. After two months, it is clear that the Trump industrial policy will be pro-business, not pro-market. It may seem to be a nuance, but there is a fundamental difference. A pro-business policy favors existing companies at the expense of future generations. A pro-market policy favors conditions that allow all businesses to thrive without any favoritism. A pro-business policy defends domestic enterprises with favorable rates and treatment. A pro-market policy opens the domestic market to international competition because doing so would not only benefit consumers, but would also benefit the companies themselves in the long term, which will have to learn to be competitive on the market, rather than prosper thanks to protection and state aid. A pro-business policy turns a blind eye (often two) when companies pollute, evade, and defraud consumers. A pro-market policy seeks to reduce the tax and regulatory burden, but ensures that laws are applied equally to all. Paradoxically, a pro-business policy ends up damaging not only the economy, but also, in the long-run, those companies that it had originally benefited. This matters little to its supporters, because when the chickens come home to roost they will have already grossed billions. Angelo Mozilo, founder of Countrywide, the bank responsible for a large chunk of the toxic mortgages that led to the 2008 crisis, lives happily on the $600 million he accumulated, despite the enormous damage of the financial crisis that he helped to create. During the presidential campaign Trump used many populist themes. The first signal that his policies will be neither populist nor popular, but strictly pro-business, is his choice of Cabinet members. Trump had promised to “drain the swamp” in Washington of lobbyists. Few realized that he would do that by making intermediaries pointless, as the lobbyists themselves would be in charge of the departments: the CEO of Exxon as head of foreign policy, a former Goldman Sachs partner at the Treasury, the daughter of a ship owner for Transportation, a raider at Commerce, etc. The second signal was the president-elect’s picks to head the most important government agencies. As the head of the EPA, Trump placed a lawyer who sued the EPA in Oklahoma for the oil industry. As the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Trump has chosen a lawyer experienced in defending companies accused of fraud and international corruption. What’s more, the new chairman of the SEC is married to a partner at Goldman Sachs, a company regulated by the SEC. The third signal was Trump’s threat to introduce a “border tax,” another name for a tariff on imports. This tax will not only serve the protectionist desires of some parts of U.S. industries, but also provide financial resources to cover the promised reduction in direct taxation. The tax would be contrary to the World Trade Organization’s rules. However, Trump has threatened that the U.S. will leave the WTO. The worst signal, however, comes from the way Trump has used his tweets to attack and coax American businesses. United Technologies (UT) has been praised for its decision to cancel plans to close its plant in Indianapolis and relocate it to Mexico. Apparently this decision was the result of tax benefits offered by Vice President-elect Pence, who is the governor of Indiana. In truth, the decision seems motivated by fear of reprisals on government contracts, which represent a large sum of UT’s revenues. A fear that appears justified, as Trump attacked Boeing over the cost (which he considered excessive) of the new presidential aircraft and attacked Lockheed Martin over the F-35 aircraft. Trump is probably right on both counts, and this only adds to his popularity, but a president should address these issues by following the rules and not with an execution on the public square of social media. With this strategy, Trump cleverly uses the carrot and stick approach. When Ford was publicly commended for deciding not to build a new plant in Mexico, the price of its shares rose 4.5 percent. Softbank did even better (+ 6.2 percent) after being praised by Trump for investing $50 billion in the United States. Softbank’s motive was simple: Softbank owns Sprint, a mobile operator that would like to merge with T-Mobile in order to increase market power. The authority to permit this merger lies with the new head of the Federal Trade Commission, yet to be named by Trump. Trump’s positive tweet feeds Softbank’s hopes that the merger will be approved. We would expect such behavior from a dictator of a banana republic, not from the President-elect of the oldest democracy in the world. The Trump presidency has begun in the worst possible way for all those who, like me, still believe in the market. 00000 This entry was posted in Guest Post on March 6, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Apprenticeship and the Rise of Europe Cambridge Analytica: BINGO! → Subscribe to Post Comments 17 comments St Jacques March 6, 2017 at 1:28 am I agree with the good professor. It was so different under Obama and the Dems, where c-suites cowered in fear of a relentless president determined to break monopoly and oligopoly power ….oh wait… Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef March 6, 2017 at 1:00 pm His tenure protects existing thoughts. Let it be like the market, and if his ideas fail to stay competitive, he should lose that tenure. Reply ↓ Dave March 6, 2017 at 2:58 am Look at the NEW Boss, same as the OLD Boss. Reply ↓ B. Hicks March 6, 2017 at 4:07 am https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8IvKx0c19w Reply ↓ Gman March 6, 2017 at 9:31 am Great clip. ‘Funnily enough’ of the four US Presidents assassinated in office, three, Kennedy, Garfield and Lincoln all attempted to challenge or oppose the Central Banking System, and the fourth, McKinley, raised protective tariffs to promote American industry, and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals only to be capped for his trouble in his second term. On the campaign trail a fired up, brave or stupid (or both) Trump was fiercely critical of the Fed’s clearly politicised rôle in the US economy, but to be fair it was sh*t or bust time for him, and few expected it was him, instead of the on message Hillary, they’d be giving the ‘little talk’ to anyway. Reply ↓ a different chris March 6, 2017 at 9:02 am >Distinguished Service Professor of Entrepreneurship and Finance at the University of Chicago Ok, so the guy who “believes in the market” has never been part of it in his life – you get to be an academic by making only a handful of “sales”, to a very small group of people at a time, in your whole life. Not really the same as running a bodega. >which will have to learn to be competitive on the market We know what it takes to be competitive with China – pay employees $3/day and yet still have the government subsidize you and protect you on your home turf. Oh, that’s not real appealing? Well then go back into your ivory tower. >a president should address these issues by following the rules What rules? Whose rules? I don’t see anything in the Constitution about this… He says what Trump has done has accomplished what Trump wanted to accomplish. I don’t like hardly anything Trump has done, but I’m not sure what our Distinguished Professor is protesting about? He/she likes “markets” because he/she (tenure, 6 fig salary) is a “consumer” and sees things only that way. Reply ↓ RenoDino March 6, 2017 at 9:09 am What I love about the new regime is look on the faces of the captains of industry who meet in Trump’s boardroom who can’t believe their good fortune after having opposed him every step of the way. He is now giving them everything they want, and they don’t want the dream to stop. They know what he is doing is complete and utter madness based upon everything they’ve had to deal with up until now. He is literally giving them the keys to the Capitol and only asking for some vague promises of American jobs in return. These titans of industry didn’t even mastermind this takeover. It was handed to them after they fought against it by supporting the establishment candidate. They are captives of a giant Cheeto from Hell who, like Pedro, will make all of their wildest dreams come true. Acting like everything is normal is the hard part. Reply ↓ oh March 6, 2017 at 9:52 am We would expect such behavior from a dictator of a banana republic, not from the President-elect of the oldest democracy in the world. We’ve been acting more like a banana republic since 9/11 and yes, we have no more bananas. Reply ↓ JEHR March 6, 2017 at 11:11 am “not from the President-elect of the oldest democracy in the world.” Well, I see this said so often (by Americans) that I wondered whether or not it is true: Which country can claim to be the World’s oldest democracy? Russell Campbell, Dunedin, New Zealand Lots of them can. And do. Greece has a pretty good claim having invented the concept in the first place. However, long spells as an Ottoman colony or under military junta might put it out of the running if you’re looking for longest continuously democratic country. Britain has a decent claim but it depends what you mean by democracy. As Rowan Atkinson put it in Blackadder: “take Manchester for instance. Population: 60,000. Electoral roll: 3”. America frequently claims to be but this is because they define democracy so narrowly and in their own image such that on their criteria they’re the worlds only democracy and on any other criteria they still aren’t and never have been. Seth, Edinburgh, Scotland Perhaps Iceland can – their parliament, the Althing, is the oldest one still in use. It was formed in 930 by Vikings. Johan van Slooten, Urk, Netherlands Reply ↓ MaroonBulldog March 6, 2017 at 12:09 pm The Republic of San Marino claims to be the world’s oldest democracy. Reply ↓ Tom Bradford March 6, 2017 at 7:24 pm In the USA half the population – the female half – had no voice in ‘democracy’ before 1920. The first nation to give women generally the vote was New Zealand in 1893 so I’d say theirs is the oldest true democracy. But as argued above, it all depends on what you mean by “democracy”. Reply ↓ susan the other March 6, 2017 at 12:04 pm Maybe the reason why our dear professor didn’t mention jobs is because he knows there aren’t any. If he really wanted to get at Trump, jobs is the only way to do it. Trump made such big promises – a job for everyone stuff. It will be a long time before any significant jobs materialize. Trump’s reasoning seems to be to cut the fat out of government (also cutting so many jobs he might not ever make up for it) to free up the money to do some big PR infra which he can boast as job creation. When it will only be 6s. But if the professor knows there really aren’t any jobs for a variety of market reasons (markets are the culprits), how on earth can he believe in the markets. That’s just nonsense. In order to “believe” in markets, first you must believe in labor. So it is almost safe to say we will never have those old ideal markets ever again. We need to find a new mechanism to create our economies. Labor-less yet equal. Maybe. Reply ↓ shinola March 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm ” A pro-market policy seeks to reduce the tax and regulatory burden, but ensures that laws are applied equally to all.” Just where does this benign, self-correcting market that the good professor rhapsodizes about exist? In Camelot? Perhaps it’s just around the corner from El Dorado.. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 6, 2017 at 1:50 pm And up the street from Xanadu. Reply ↓ TG March 6, 2017 at 3:34 pm “A pro-business policy defends domestic enterprises with favorable rates and treatment. A pro-market policy opens the domestic market to international competition because doing so would not only benefit consumers, but would also benefit the companies themselves in the long term,..” With respect, what parallel dimension does this person come from? Is that the one where Spock has a beard and is evil? The United States was, until relatively recently historically, strongly protectionist. All four presidents carved on Mt. Rushmore were unashamed in-your-face protectionists. They, and those like them, took the United States from being a backwards agricultural colony and turned it into the greatest industrial power the world had ever seen. But now that the United States has turned towards race-to-the-bottom trade policies, it has lost ground to other more mercantilist nations, such as China and South Korea. Certainly Trump may well botch things, and there is a difference between intelligent protectionism and crony-capitalism. But overall your thesis lacks even face validity. Reply ↓ Clearpoint March 6, 2017 at 4:20 pm Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t being a true believer in the “free market” a mandatory job requirement of being a tenured professor at the Chicago School of Economics? Care to put that little conflict of interest to a “free market” test professor market? Reply ↓ VietnamVet March 6, 2017 at 8:33 pm This article adds clarity. The oligarchs haven’t changed. A subset led by Donald Trump seized control of the US federal government. They are “nationalists”. Another subset “globalists” lost power. Corporate media; GE, News-Corp, Disney, Viacom, Time Warner and CBS, together with the intelligence community are pushing a soft coup to get back in charge via impeachment or the 25th amendment. Yesterday, Verizon’s Huffington Post headline read “Unglued”. Once the populist rhetoric by western politicians is shown to be a huge con, the collapse of the Atlantic Alliance will be inevitable. The chaos of the Shock Doctrine is engulfing the world. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Musicismath on Links 3/6/17Looks like a basic cost-cutting/privatisation of the commons... Musicismath on Links 3/6/17Jesus H. Christ. The sheer amount of obliviousness... IDontKnow on Vanity Fair Acts as Democratic Party Enforcer Against Greenwald, NC, Others; Train Wreck EnsuesGee, what a neo-liberal 3rd way argument. See... paul on Links 3/6/17I agree that all medication should be carefully... dbk on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/6/2017Thanks, the Jacobin piece is excellent. The Democrats'... Topics Africa (16) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (2,987) Banking industry (4,625) Brexit (42) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (247) China (562) Commodities (453) Corporate governance (318) Credit cards (158) Credit markets (3,620) Curiousities (273) Currencies (902) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,448) Dubious statistics (570) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,739) Energy markets (501) Environment (450) Europe (609) Federal Reserve (1,265) Free markets and their discontents (1,388) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,090) Guest Post (6,376) Health care (383) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (931) India (14) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (491) Investment outlook (846) Japan (204) Legal (1,867) Links (3,014) Macroeconomic policy (970) Market inefficiencies (226) Media appearances (74) Media watch (860) Middle East (139) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (283) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,974) Private equity (505) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,519) Regulations and regulators (3,555) Ridiculously obvious scams (427) Risk and risk management (716) Russia (234) Science and the scientific method (193) Social policy (1,000) Social values (1,770) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (117) Taxes (379) Technology and innovation (437) The destruction of the middle class (1,312) The dismal science (1,451) TPP (83) UK (110) Water Cooler (625) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-05 Cate Blanchett Gives Stephen Colbert Surprise Answer On Where Her Compass Lies Entertainment 2017-03-05 Katy Perry Pursues John Mayer Again — ‘Best Sex She Ever Had’ Entertainment 2017-03-04 See Disneyland’s Main Street Electrical Parade From Your Home On March 7 Entertainment 2017-03-04 Netflix March 2017: Best Movies Added This Month News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-03-05 El Chapo Guzman And The Alleged CIA, DEA Betrayal, The Sinaloa Cartel Dealings News 2017-03-05 Trump Demands An Obama Investigation By Congress For Baseless Wiretap Accusation News, Politics 2017-03-05 Trump’s Twitter Reaction To Obama’s Denial Of Wiretap Is Another Accusation News 2017-03-05 April The Giraffe Signs Of Labor, Watch Live Cam [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-05 WWE News: Bill Goldberg vs. Brock Lesnar Overshadows ‘Fastlane’ Title Match Football 2017-03-05 Myles Garrett Wows Crowd At 2017 NFL Combine — Headed For The Cleveland Browns? Wrestling 2017-03-05 WWE: Bayley Could Be Ending Her Wrestling Career Soon [Opinion] Basketball 2017-03-05 NBA Playoff Standings 2017: Warriors, Cavaliers Lead Current NBA Playoff Bracket Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-05 Astrology 101: What It Means When Planets Go Retrograde Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH Jobs: Five Healthcare And Nursing Jobs You Can Do At Home Lifestyle 2017-03-04 Why Does McDonald’s Sell Shamrock Shakes And Filet-O-Fish Sandwiches? Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH: Can You Succeed With Work-At-Home Jobs? [Opinion] Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-05 Condom Wearable: i.Con Releases ‘World’s First Smart Condom’ For $74 Health 2017-03-04 E. Coli Outbreak: I.M. Healthy SoyNut Butter May Have Sickened 12 In Five States Health 2017-03-04 Doctors Starting To Refuse To Operate On Smokers? Here’s The Reason Why Health 2017-03-04 Does New Smart Condom Really Work? Skeptics Say It’s More ‘Gimmick’ Than Useful Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-05 ‘For Honor’: Will Ditching P2P For Dedicated Servers Fix Connectivity Issues? Gaming 2017-03-05 Don’t Buy Skins, Stickers For Your Nintendo Switch – Opt For Cases And Covers Technology 2017-03-05 Nintendo Switch: Understanding Save Data Backups, Upgrading Memory Card Science 2017-03-04 The Large Hadron Collider ‘Atom Smasher’ Gets An Important Upgrade BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-05 First-Time Father Wins Tequila Chugging Club Bet, Dies Shortly After [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-05 Coachella 2017 Lineup Changes, Ticket Prices, And Tips — Welcome Lady Gaga BuzzWorthy 2017-03-05 Is The ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl’s Father Trying To Cash In On Danielle’s Fame? BuzzWorthy 2017-03-05 Emma Watson Requires Eco-Friendly Test In Choosing Outfits, The Result, Amazing SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Wants To Found A Moon Colony Space 2 0 0 March 5, 2017 Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Wants To Found A Moon Colony Don Crothers Amazon is the world’s fourth-most valuable company, and founder Jeff Bezos ranks as the fifth-richest person in the world. So what’s left when you and your company reign supreme among the planet’s retailers? Apparently, the answer is to take your business off Earth. According to a report from TechCrunch, Bezos wants his space flight venture Blue Origin to supply goods, equipment, and eventually people to a hypothetical moon colony, and he wants to get started by 2020. Blue Origin was founded way back in 2000, and began test flights in 2015, reaching space with their second test flight and managing a full recovery-and-reuse flight in early 2016 – rather a better record than rival venture SpaceX, which, as per the Guardian, made headlines worldwide with a very public failure to achieve liftoff in September, 2016, blowing up their rocket only 4 feet off the launchpad. SpaceX rockets actually have a 93% success rate, but their public failures have hurt their image. [Image by NASA via Getty Images] Bezos and Blue Origin have plans to start manned test flights this year, with tourist flights (if all goes well) in 2018. But Bezos has his sights set on bigger things, as revealed by a confidential seven-page white paper sent both to NASA and the Trump administration, regarding Blue Origin’s plans to develop a lunar lander able to drop cargo on the moon and return to Earth. Bezos wants flights to start by mid-2020, and the letter urges officials to make plans to establish a “permanently inhabited lunar settlement.” It’s a bold move, trying to bring NASA and an administration which seems dedicated to sweeping cuts on board with establishing a permanent American presence on the moon. NASA hasn’t sent a shuttle into space since 2011, and the Trump administration recently revealed plans to practically eliminate the NOAA’s satellite budget in favor of an expanded military, alongside other government and research cuts. Bezos is seeking a commitment both in funding and expertise from NASA, although he plans to invest his own funds alongside them. In spite of the current outlook for American research and space travel, Bezos is adamant. “It is time for America to return to the Moon — this time to stay,” he told the Washington Post (which he also owns) after the letter, marked “proprietary and confidential,” was leaked to the press. It urges the space agency and the government to back an Amazon-like shipment service to the moon. “A permanently inhabited lunar settlement is a difficult and worthy objective. I sense a lot of people are excited about this.” The plan is to land a spacecraft at the moon’s south pole, where there is a constant source of light for solar panels and nearby water ice which can be used both for drinking water and in the creation of rocket fuel. The design would allow for shipments of up to 10,000 pounds at a time, and is intended to be compatible with NASA’s existing launch craft, Boeing/Lockheed Martin’s United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket, and Blue Origin’s own New Glenn rocket, still in development. While the moon’s surface is certainly inhospitable, the lack of atmosphere (Mars does have an atmosphere) actually makes many aspects of a landing and subsequent return easier. [Image by NASA/Newsmakers] Bezos, Blue Origin, and NASA itself anticipate that, unlike the Obama administration, the Trump administration will make returning to the moon a focus. Many have suggested that establishing a permanent moon base will have serious military implications, making it an attractive target for Trump’s intent to enhance American military capability. Obama rejected plans for a return to the moon in 2010, saying “we’ve been there before,” shortly before NASA’s shuttle program was suspended. But their counter-proposal for a manned mission to Mars never came close to fruition, and critics quickly became frustrated that NASA hasn’t been able to take humans further than low Earth orbit in four decades. A moon shot isn’t at all unfeasible, and could revitalize public interest in manned space exploration. In light of that, NASA has stepped up plans to resume manned space flights, aiming for a manned mission in 2019. Bezos, and other companies, want to be there to meet them. “Blue Moon is all about cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the Moon. Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability.” [Featured Image by NASA via Getty Images] Now Watch This: SpaceX Plans To Fly Tourists Around The Moon Now Read This: Facebook Adds Dislike Button For Messenger App, Dispute ‘Fake News’ Tag Added Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Don Crothers Tags: amazon, Jeff Bezos, nasa, the moon July 11, 2015 ‘Batman: Arkham Knight’: Warner Bros. Apologizes For Shoddy PC Port, Delays Batgirl DLC July 11, 2015 ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ Comic-Con Video Shows Behind-The-Scenes Footage, Begs Watching View full timeline 29 mins ago Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Wants To Found A Moon Colony 7 hours ago NASA’s MAVEN Spacecraft Narrowly Avoids Collision With Martian Moon Phobos Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Logan’ Box Office Hit: Highest Opening Weekend For Any Wolverine Movie Lamar Odom Spotted Hanging With Blonde Khloe Kardashian Look-Alike [Photos] Body Of Missing Indianapolis Woman Jacqueline Watts Found On Sandbar WWE News: Bill Goldberg vs. Brock Lesnar Overshadows ‘Fastlane’ Title Match ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2’ News: Director Hints One More Baby Groot Change Louis Tomlinson Hiding Out After Arrest, Victim Of Fight Threatens To Sue Myles Garrett Wows Crowd At 2017 NFL Combine — Headed For The Cleveland Browns? First-Time Father Wins Tequila Chugging Club Bet, Dies Shortly After [Video] Brad Pitt’s New Hobby Did Not Keep Him From Oscars Adele ‘Married Now,’ Confirms She And Longtime Beau Are Officially Hitched Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE Rumors: The Undertaker To Return At ‘Fastlane’ For Roman Reigns’ Match 21.4k 0 0 Stephen King’s ‘It’: Part Two To Begin Shooting In Two Weeks 15.3k 0 0 Tommy Page Dead At 46: ‘Full House’ Stars React To The Death Of Former Teen Idol 9.4k 0 0 Hallyu Trio Honored, Lee Min-ho, Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo Win Big 7k 0 0 Milo Ventimiglia Says Fans Should ‘Get A Puppy’ To Survive ‘This Is Us’ Finale 4.3k 0 0 Barack Obama, Valerie Jarrett Masterminding Plot To Overthrow Trump [Report] 6.1k 0 0 Recent Videos Space SpaceX Successfully Launches Rocket Space India Sets World Record Number Of Satellite Launches Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides Gaming Reviews The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Entertainment Reviews Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film Doppler Labs Here One Wireless Earbuds: The Gizmodo Review Source Code Perfectly Captures The Claustrophobic Horror Of Surveillance State Science The Great Wall Is A Historical Fantasy Epic That Is Fantastically And Historically Bad Nintendo Switch Review: Plays Zelda Great, Doesn't Do Much Else Alienware 13 Review: Laptop Size Doesn't Have To Matter The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film Gadgets Using Virtual Reality As Distraction Therapy For Cancer Patients Father John Misty Sang About Oculus Rift Sex On SNL Welcome To Toy Aisle, Our Weekly Round-Up Of The Newest Toys And Collectibles The World's First DLP 4K UHD LED Home Cinema Projector Will Set You Back 10k Mobile '2-In-1's Are Driving Australian Tablet Sales Kogan Just Added An Extra 2GB To Its Heavy Use Mobile Plans Sydney Mardi Gras, As Shot On An iPhone 7 Plus SoleNet And Sure Telecom Banned From Operating In Australia Car Tech 'Night Into Day' Is Ferrari's Stunning Australian Video For The California T Uber's Secret App For Tracking Cops Sounds Creepy As Hell The World's First In-Car GPS Looked Like Something From Fallout The McLaren 720S Will Fulfil Our Wildest Science Fiction Dreams Online FBI Drops All Charges In Child Porn Case To Keep Sketchy Spying Methods Secret How To Delete Your Online Existence, But Save All Your Data  Look Back: Elon Musk And Peter Thiel Spruiking PayPal, 17 Years Ago Yelp Will Now Help Users Find Gender Neutral Bathrooms Science & Health This Year's Best Science Photos Are So Good They're Basically Art All Of That Pollution In Asia Turns Into Smog In The US Coloured Light Makes This Magical Origami Fold Itself One Step At A Time Sex Makes Life Better, Study Says Cameras Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares Meet The Australian Finalists In The Sony World Photography Awards Wi-Fi Has Changed The Way Getty Images Takes Photos Timelapse Footage Of Sweating Fingerprints Ready To Smear Your Smartphone Computing Western Digital Is Turning Digital Storage Into A Fashion Statement For True Cyber Security, Using A USB Firewall Is Essential The Top 10 Services Google Killed Off Alienware 13 Review: Laptop Size Doesn't Have To Matter Gaming People Are Already Trying To Fix The Nintendo Switch's Dumb Design Issues Link Has A Goddamn iPhone Horizon Zero Dawn's Thunderjaw, Made From LEGO Nintendo Switch Controllers Work With Everything You Already Own Entertainment The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again Doctor Who Is Bringing Back The Original, Hellishly Creepy Cybermen From The '60s The Sonos Playbase Is The TV Speaker We All Deserve The Wonder Woman Movie Has A Wild New Take On The Origins Of The Amazons Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Sonos Playbase Is The TV Speaker We All Deserve Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Running On An Emulator Already Here Are All The TV Shows Getting Cancelled In 2017 US Air Force Leaders Say It's High Time Our Planes Shoot Deadly Lasers Rhett Jones Mar 6, 2017, 6:00am ⋅ Filed to:  aeroplanes lasers military Weapons Share US military bigwigs gathered in Orlando this week for the annual AirWarfare Symposium to discuss big plans for big weapons that do big damage. According to a report, the biggest unfunded project that US Special Operations Command hopes to push through is a C-130 that's equipped with a power laser weapon. An AC-130. Photo: Getty Lt. Gen. Brad Webb, the head of Air Force Special Operations Command tells Defence One that he's very optimistic about the project. "There are a lot of vendors that are really contributing to and continue to push that technology along," he says. The project has been floating around as a potential R&D effort for years. Back in 2015, Lt. Gen. Brad Heithold, who was then head of Air Force Special Operations Command, told Breaking Defence that he believes "we can put a high energy laser — offensive and defensive — on an AC-130 by the close of this decade." Webb says that the Airborne Laser program that attempted to out a defensive laser on the nose of a 747 jetliner had turned defence officials off of the technology. It never made it past it to the stage of actually producing an operational aircraft and it was canceled in 2012. But according to Webb, things have changed and as technology has improved, the project could get off the ground soon. First, "a relatively low-kilowatt laser" will need to be tested and the money is reportedly already in place for that. Lasers have been demonstrated by Boeing to be capable of burning a hole in the hood of a truck and the U.S.S. Ponce was given permission to use its Laser Weapon System (LaWS) prototype as a defensive weapon. Likewise, the plan is for C-130 aeroplanes to use the weapon as anti-ballistic missile defence that could be capable of offensive measures. Webb also acknowledged that "At some point ... a policy discussion is going to have to be had on where and how can you use a laser where and how can you not." With the White House calling for an increase of $US54 ($71) billion to the defence budget, it's possible that the project could find the funding. But that budget will have to get past congress and everyone in government is pretty tied up with investigating endless scandals right now. [Defence One] Comments ManualFunky @rickmyrundies Mar 6, 2017, 6:12am More ways to cause more death, well done. Reply 0 solonoid @solonoid Mar 6, 2017, 9:42am Actually, the things are designed to knock down missiles or planes with bigga boom in them, so they will save lives. Reply 2 mck04 @mck04 Mar 6, 2017, 9:45am It's like you didn't even read the article.. Reply 1 ManualFunky @rickmyrundies Mar 6, 2017, 10:03am My desire to read about the ways certain countries are figuring out how kill populations of other countries is ZERO, so you are correct. Reply -1 fontgod @fontgod Mar 6, 2017, 10:26am Could not a counter shield be developed that basically reflects the laser back at the source? A servo driven mirror? Reply 0 kikadik @kikadik Mar 6, 2017, 10:41am First off, they wouldn't necessarily know they were being targeted and second, they'd need mirrors all over the place. Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe Mar 6, 2017, 1:44pm Which basically wrecks all attempts at stealth technology. Yay lasers can't get us, but everyone can spot us super, super easy. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now People Are Worried About Dead Pixels On The Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Isn't Rhett Jones 06 Mar 2017 7:00 AM Supplies of Nintendo's latest console, the Switch, are extremely limited at the moment and most people aren't lucky to have one. But some who have managed to get their gamer mitts on the coveted item are finding dead pixels on the screen. Nintendo's solution? Just don't consider it a defect. NBN Report: A Bunch Of Fibre To The Node Areas Are Now Getting To Fibre To The Curb Rae Johnston 06 Mar 2017 9:30 AM A report from ITNews on NBN's construction plan has revealed Fibre to the Node areas are changing to Fibre to the Curb and fixed wireless. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: This Is How You Can Fight Against Hackers Deals: This Is How You Can Sharpen Your Programming Skills Deals: Motion Sensor Lights For Your Toilet Are A Thing Now Deals: Become An App Making Pro With This Android Nougat Training Trending Articles 1 People Are Worried About Dead Pixels On The Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Isn't 2 NBN Report: A Bunch Of Fibre To The Node Areas Are Now Getting To Fibre To The Curb 3 People Are Already Trying To Fix The Nintendo Switch's Dumb Design Issues 4 Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares 5 The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again This Year's Best Science Photos Are So Good They're Basically Art All Of That Pollution In Asia Turns Into Smog In The US The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again Doctor Who Is Bringing Back The Original, Hellishly Creepy Cybermen From The '60s Overwatch Players Are Making Custom Sex Role-Play Rooms Now Yip Yip Yip Yip Here's The First Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Live-Action Movie Teaser America Chavez Is Heading To University To Punch People Throughout History The Gentle Respite Of Instagram Why You Shouldn't Work Out On An Empty Stomach The Legal Ways To Cancel Your Gym Membership Briefly: Epic Sydney Waves, Cellulite Hacker, X-Men Explained Former Tory leader William Hague urged Theresa May to call an early election Google is using computer systems based on the human brain to translate an increasing number of languages We just got another sign that Brexit is ending the consumer boom One of the most important but battered areas of Britain's economy is going to finally turn around this year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Capital Business After initial euphoria over Trump’s win, investors in defense stocks fear gridlock The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg By Aaron Gregg March 5 Follow @Post_AG Donald Trump’s presidency was quickly seen as a win for defense companies, who hope to benefit from what the commander in chief has vowed would be a military buildup of historic proportions. But after weeks of euphoric stock valuations, some analysts are warning such optimism could be misplaced given the dynamics in Congress. “We’ve tempered our expectations to the low end of the range and believe that the last week of April could devolve into political trench warfare, with neither side budging on priorities,” New York-based investment bank Cowen Group wrote in a research note last week. “Trump’s repeated promises on defense could hit the same Beltway traffic jam that Affordable Care Act repeal/replace and comprehensive tax reform seem to be stuck in.” Even the increases the White House has touted — which still need to work their way through both houses of Congress — are viewed by some as underwhelming. The White House said last week it would propose increasing the military’s budget by $54 billion, which the White House described as a 10 percent jump in defense spending. But others characterized the increase differently: only about $18 billion more than what the Obama administration had already planned, or a more modest 3 percent boost. [Trump promises ‘great rebuilding of the Armed Forces’ while signing executive order at the Pentagon] “It’s nothing close to the historically high growth rates that this thing had initially been positioned at,” said Byron Callan, managing director of Capital Alpha Partners, a provider of research to financial institutions. The budget increase announced Monday “is a pretty pedestrian increase compared to the Reagan era … some of these [defense] companies were growing at 15 to 20 percent in the early 1980s,” Callan said. [Trump’s defense spending increase isn’t extraordinary, but its impact could be] In general, defense investors have been ecstatic at the prospect of having another Republican in the White House, and Trump’s campaign statements about adding hundreds of ships and planes to the U.S. military arsenal have only boosted their optimism. The S&P’s Aerospace and Defense index has gained close to 20 percent of its value since election night and has easily outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which is itself reaching all-time highs. But observers have been warning for months that congressional politics would make it hard for the president to achieve his defense goals, and an otherwise-giddy investor community is starting to take notice. “There was euphoria in these early months at the generic goals Trump had laid out when he was a candidate,” said MacKenzie Eaglen, a military analyst with the conservative American Enterprise Institute. But the increases announced Monday “were not historic, and the political dynamics are hardening, not softening. Everything is a party-line vote now.” [Four questions about how Trump would affect the military industrial complex] To substantially expand the military, Trump will have to muster enough votes in Congress to repeal the Budget Control Act, which has capped defense spending for the past few years. Some defense investors worry such a move could meet stiff resistance from those fighting corresponding cuts to agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency and the State Department. A research note from Howard Rubel, an investment banker with D.C.-based Jefferies, said the president’s initial budget plan is “likely to be dead on arrival,” because proposed Environmental Protection Agency and State Department cuts will alienate moderate Democrats and a lack of entitlement reform provisions will irk Republican budget hawks. But Trump is also facing pressure from defense-minded members of the House and Senate, who say his spending plan doesn’t go far enough. Even as President Trump boasted Thursday about what he is calling “one of the largest defense spending increases in American History” from atop a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., high-ranking Republicans in Congress attacked his budget proposal for underfunding the military. “With a world on fire, America cannot secure peace through strength with just 3 percent more than President Obama’s budget. We can and must do better,” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Monday in a statement. Rep. Michael R. Turner (R-Ohio) accused the White House of “fake budgeting” for claiming its $54 billion budget increase would increase defense spending by 10 percent, when the plan is only 3 percent higher than what Obama had planned. And Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Tex.), chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, also called the funding level insufficient. For all his talk about a defense buildup, Trump has also sought to cast himself as a tough negotiator determined to cut better deals for the taxpayer. The president’s targeted tweets at defense companies — such as when he threatened to cancel Boeing’s Air Force One contract or replace Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter with a cheaper plane — set the industry abuzz because of the way they shifted blame for federal largesse onto the companies receiving military contracts. “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of … the fantastic — and it is a fantastic — new F-35 jet fighter,” Trump said in his speech to Congress last week. He went on to imply that the browbeating would continue: “We’ll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government.” But so far it seems that the companies in his crosshairs have mostly benefited. Each time specific companies have been the subject of his tweets their stock prices have wavered only slightly, in each case recovering lost value within a few hours. Even Lockheed Martin and Boeing, which have been the subject of highly public criticism from the president over certain contracts, have seen their stock values increase by 11 percent and 28 percent respectively since Election Day. Trump’s highly public negotiations with Lockheed Martin over the F-35 contract resulted in a contract deal that shaved $728 million from the cost of the contract and brought the unit price of the plane below $95 million for the first time, reductions that were generally in line with what the government was already planning. It is not clear that Lockheed Martin will take much of a financial hit. In a February conference call, Lockheed Martin chief financial officer Bruce Tanner said he still expects the company’s operating margins on the F-35 to increase in the coming year, even after negotiations with the president. business capitalbusiness true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Gregg covers the local economy for Capital Business, the Post’s local business section. He studied music (Jazz guitar) and political science at Emory University in Atlanta, and has a graduate degree in public policy from Georgetown. Follow @Post_AG TOP STORIES House GOP unveils health plan that replaces subsidies with tax credits The Republican proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act would offer income-based aid to help Americans afford health coverage, an approach the party had long criticized. It would scrap a penalty for the uninsured but allow insurers to impose a surcharge for those who have a gap between health plans. By Amy Goldstein, Mike DeBonis and Kelsey Snell 6 hours ago White House aides struggle to defend Trump’s wiretap claim Days after President Trump’s unfounded allegation that former president Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, the normally media-hungry White House went largely dark. While several officials gave TV interviews, press secretary Sean Spicer did not allow cameras into his daily briefing and Trump signed his revamped travel ban in private. By Ashley Parker and Jenna Johnson 8 hours ago Sessions insists he was ‘correct’ to deny speaking with Russians during campaign The attorney general said he did not tell lawmakers sooner about meetings with the Russian ambassador because he thought he had fully answered a question he was asked at his confirmation hearing. By Matt Zapotosky 10 hours ago Senate Democrats to grill Justice nominee on Russia investigation Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys. (Marvin Joseph/The Post) How ‘The Americans’ stars learned to love their characters’ chilly fates Viewers of the FX drama that returns Tuesday night for its penultimate season know that things are going to get messy for co-stars Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys, who portray covert Russian spies Elizabeth and Phillip, and perhaps for viewers themselves who have warmed to the complicated Cold War couple despite the fact that they’re “the enemy.” By Hank Stuever 4 days ago North Korea bans Malaysians from leaving country in sharp escalation after killing of Kim Jong Nam Malaysia’s prime minister accused North Korea of “effectively holding our citizens hostage” and responded to the exit ban in kind, saying North Korean diplomats would not be allowed to leave Malaysia. By Anna Fifield 4 hours ago North Korea says it was practicing to hit U.S. bases in Japan with missiles Citing missile threat, U.S. deploys defensive system to South Korea Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Carson compares slaves to immigrants coming to ‘a land of dreams and opportunity’ 2 The White House was on the same page as ExxonMobil on Monday. Literally. 3 By selling its European brands, GM ‘gets rid of a perennial loser’ 4 Trump’s new travel ban raises the same Silicon Valley objections 5 Analysis Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Market Watch DJIA -0.24% NASDAQ -0.37% Get quote Last Update: 03/07/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business capitalbusiness Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × On the Money On the Money Video Where to Watch How 'Made in the USA' can see a renaissance, and what will (and won't) change Trent Gillies | @trentCNBC Sunday, 5 Mar 2017 | 7:49 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Made in USA    Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 4:00 AM ET | 02:48 President Donald Trump has promised to bring jobs back to America, but the number of U.S. manufacturing jobs has been on a 30-year decline. Can that entrenched trend be reversed? A growing number of market experts believe the answer is yes. "I'm very optimistic," small businessman Drew Greenblatt told CNBC's "On The Money" in an interview. "We're going to see an American manufacturing renaissance" Greenblatt, chair of the National Association of Manufacturers and president of Baltimore-based Marlin Steel Wire Products, pointed to policies that Trump wants to enact as a potential catalyst to new hiring. "We're talking about reducing regulations by 75 percent, cutting our tax rate from 40-something percent to 15 percent," he said. "It's just going to make America more attractive to bring back opportunities to our country," he added. However, in industries such as apparel, more than 97 percent of clothing and shoes are made overseas. Given the entrenched economic realities, others are skeptical that any government policy can spark a manufacturing rebound "There's not much that can bring most of those jobs back, " retail consultant Jan Kniffen told CNBC in an interview. "We haven't made patterns in America, we haven't made the product in America forever," he said. Kniffen added that the U.S. "would need factories, but those factories would have to be so automated, the jobs would be maintaining the equipment not producing the product." That is because "the cost of producing abroad is so low and shipping not that much," he said. Greenblatt remained optimistic that at least some sectors could see a resurgence. " I acknowledge some industries are not coming back here, it makes more sense to do it elsewhere. But things like making airplanes and bulldozers and cars, it's going to grow here, it's going to thrive here." Greenblatt's Marlin Steel exports to 39 countries from its Maryland factory. He told CNBC that the company designs and fabricates wire baskets for automotive clients including Toyota Motor and General Motors. "We make baskets for Caterpillar and Boeing," he said. "These companies are building factories in America, growing factories in America and they're poised for big expansion as these policies improve." Kniffen, however, sees a longer timeline. "I think what he just described is a 15- to 20-year program if you could do it in terms of training," he said. However, both men cited a significant lack of trained workers to fill available jobs. In a 2015 report, the Manufacturing Institute said that over the next decade, more than 3 million manufacturing jobs would need to be filled as current workers retire or move on to other jobs. However, because of the decline in necessary skills, barely a million of those positions will be staffed, in part because fewer students are receiving the necessary training in schools. "There is a significant skills gap", Greenblatt said. "We need schools to be teaching math, English, the STEM [Science, Technology, Engineering and Math] educations. These things are critical to create the talent pool so we can hire these people." Another trade change the Trump administration is considering is the border-adjustment tax, as part of an effort to fund a border wall with Mexico. The proposal would place a 20-percent tax on all goods imported into the U.S., but outgoing American-made goods would not be subject to the tax. Kniffen told CNBC he was "conceptually" is in favor "of a cross border tax," but cited significant risks. Some experts say a border tax would be passed on to American consumers, and may result in the loss of jobs in certain sectors. "I think it would bring back jobs, and we would get exports," he said. "But in the short term the disruption would be enormous, my retailers would all go broke...and we wouldn't bring those (retail) jobs back. " Kniffen added it "could be a net positive long term". But "in the short term, it could be very painful." On the Money airs on CNBC Saturday at 5:30 am ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Trent GilliesCNBC Producer, "On the Money" Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 7203.T --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive Editorial: The Caterpillar raid Saturday Mar 4, 2017 at 7:00 PM For a second there Thursday it seemed the moving vans had come early to Caterpillar's global headquarters in downtown Peoria following the January shocker that the company's top brass would be relocating to the Chicago area. On closer inspection, unfortunately, the vehicles were occupied by federal agents — from the IRS, etc. — swarming on 100 NE Adams St. to remove a few items, alright: specifically documents and electronic records listed on a federal search warrant as part of a criminal investigation into allegations of tax evasion. Agents also descended on facilities in East Peoria and Morton. You don't see that every day with a Fortune 100 company, and we can't recall ever witnessing it locally. Ironically, the raid comes just one week after the president met with Cat Chairman Doug Oberhelman and professed his admiration for this "great company ... I love Caterpillar." The company has long been a White House darling, hosting George W. Bush here in 2007 and Barack Obama in 2009, with another visit seemingly in the works with the new president. His Justice Department didn't wait for an invitation. The raid sought evidence regarding allegations brought to light eight years ago in a lawsuit filed by a former employee, Daniel Schlicksup, who argued that he had been wrongfully demoted for blowing a whistle on the practice of shifting profits to a subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland from parts he said were actually sold and shipped out of the Morton facility, ostensibly to avoid U.S. taxes estimated at some $2.4 billion in this case. Cat would later settle with Schlicksup, but not before drawing the attention of the IRS, the U.S. Senate and some shareholders who sued, as well. Caterpillar has consistently maintained its innocence and continued to last week, with CEO Jim Umpleby citing its cooperation with the investigation but saying, "We are Caterpillar. We are an honorable company ... We conduct our business within the framework of applicable laws and regulations." We'd like to give Cat the benefit of the doubt. In a nation that imposes one of the highest corporate rates in the industrialized world at 35 percent, it has hardly been the poster child for going out of its way to dodge its taxes — see the likes of General Electric, Boeing, etc. for that distinction. Meanwhile, Congress has dragged its feet on reforming an outdated tax code that arguably hampers U.S. competitiveness.  Given that, it is not unfair to ask: Why Cat? Why now? These issues go back to the beginning of this century, spanning four CEOs. Has something changed? We don't have that answer. Certainly we've noticed that Caterpillar has been getting it from all sides of late. The SEC is looking into its 2011 purchase of the mining company Bucyrus as well as sales of equipment to nations considered sponsors of terrorism by our State Department, specifically Syria and Sudan. An investment group critical of Caterpillar executive compensation is seeking greater shareholder protections against "fraudulent behavior" by managers. Indeed, Cat's stock price, which has been up despite its staggering sales declines, took a hit in response to this news. In 2015, the company was found guilty by a federal jury of stealing trade secrets from a British supplier and hit with a sizeable penalty, which it has appealed. The warrants seemed to hint at searches beyond just the tax questions. Caterpillar still employs some 12,000 people in the Peoria area. We'd like to see it stay that way, and we won't hide our concern that this latest development likely doesn't help. As we've written before, we not only want the company that has been so synonymous with Peoria to do good, but to be good. Let's see where this goes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Municipal election Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 26° Cloudy High: 37° | Low: 34° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted March 3 Updated March 3 increase font size Despite Trump’s claims, U.S. steel won’t be required in Keystone pipeline The president has said repeatedly that he has forced pipeline builders to commit to using only American-made pipe. By Justin SinkTribune News Service Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states – Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska – before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced in the United States. The rest was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a meeting Feb. 23 with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, and for Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy – meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel – but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a news conference Feb. 16, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” administration officials “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later, during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good – add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend, at a rally Feb. 18 in Melbourne, Fla. Noting that he had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would discuss the pipeline issue only on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department is working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration can’t implement it until that effort is complete. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continues “to be encouraged as our presidential permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Our View: Houses provide a new approach to assisted living View from Away: Tax-reform plan a gamble Future not bright for health care Poet's words inform immigration debate Support Maine bill to protect assault victims Collins, King seek evidence of Trump’s wiretapping claims Police: Former Winslow state representative found safe after reported missing Kennebec court security officer put on leave after sending prosecutor cellphone photo of defense attorney's notes Hein found not guilty in Kennebec River Rail Trail puppy-kicking case Big crowd turns out for Angus King event on Supreme Court nominee Richmond man charged with manslaughter in father's death Kennebec court security officer put on leave after sending prosecutor cellphone photo of defense attorney's notes Skowhegan firefighters honored for saving Waterville responder during apartment blaze New Fairfield police dog held at shelter after bite incident involving baby Massive fire partially destroys section of Madison apartment house Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Science jeff bezos blue origin Jeff Bezos wants to set up Amazon on the moon By William Gayde on Mar 4, 2017, 9:30 AM 15 comments TechSpot We haven't been to the moon in a long time, but NASA is eager to return. The Trump administration is also expected to be supportive of new endeavors in the hopes of rallying the nation like the Apollo Program did. SpaceX has been the king of private space travel lately, but Jeff Bezos and his company Blue Origin have some bold plans for NASA. In an interview with The Washington Post, the Amazon CEO described his company's interest with the moon. Bezos asked NASA to back an "Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020, helping to enable future human settlement of the moon." The announcement comes just a few days after SpaceX announced it would also be returning to the moon, albeit just a fly-around. With much of NASA's focus on Mars and beyond, lunar missions haven't been a priority for decades. Obama scrapped plans back in 2010, but that hasn't stopped the private space industry. Others like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Bigelow Aerospace have been hard at work on various habitats and transportation systems for a future trip to the moon. Bezos has chosen the moon's Shakleton Crater for its plentiful sun exposure and water ice. The Post has called the moon a "massive gas station in space," something future long distance missions can take advantage of. The spacecraft, dubbed Blue Moon, will be able to carry up to 10,000 pounds of cargo and is compatible with a large variety of launch vehicles. It won't carry astronauts, but will be used to keep them supplied with food, tools, and other necessary equipment. Blue Origin views their Blue Moon as being useful for "cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the moon. Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability." 15 comments 110 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Blue Origin shows off its first fully assembled rocket engine NASA discovers seven Earth-like planets, some in habitable zone, just 40 light-years away SpaceX has plans to launch 27 rockets in 2017 amid safety concerns Popular 52 comments Nintendo says dead pixels on the Switch are "normal" and not a defect 75 comments AMD Ryzen Gaming Performance In-Depth: 16 Games Played at 1080p & 1440p Load Comments 15 ... User Comments: 15 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 15 Jeff Bezos wants to set up Amazon on the moon 7 Microsoft gives more details on how Windows 10's "Game Mode" will work 15 Obama's planning a coup: Google Home is sharing fake news stories 52 Nintendo says dead pixels on the Switch are "normal" and not a defect 79 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti arrives this week, let's unbox it ahead of the actual review Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Future of hydrogen tech clouded by Hindenburg fear Changing perceptions of safety surrounding hydrogen is a big hurdle for Toyota and Royal Dutch Shell. The Toyota Mirai's tank holds five kilograms of hydrogen.  (Geert Vanden Wijngaert / The Associated Press file photo)   By Jessica ShanklemanBloomberg Sat., March 4, 2017 LONDON—Taxi driver Theo Ellis, the first person in Europe to drive Toyota Motor’s hydrogen-powered Mirai sedan for business, loves telling passengers about the technology that emits nothing but water. They ask him about its costs, greenness and the majority inquire about safety. To his passengers, the word “hydrogen” evokes memories of the Hindenburg, the airship that was destroyed in half a minute when it caught fire in 1937, or the H-bomb, a successor to what the U.S. dropped on Japan to end the Second World War. “That will put people off,” Ellis, who drives for London-based Green Tomato Cars, said in an interview. “A lot of people mention that. As soon as you mention hydrogen, it’s the first thing on their mind.” Read More:Will hydrogen-powered fuel-celled cars make their mark? It’s those perceptions that represent one of the biggest hurdles for Toyota and Royal Dutch Shell as they seek to make hydrogen fuel cells a commercial alternative to gasoline-powered cars around the globe. The Japanese automaker and the European oil producer are among the most prominent advocates of the technology, which they see as safer and less polluting than the fossil fuels that cause global warming. Article Continued Below Use of the lightest element has come a long way since the Hindenburg disaster in New Jersey killed 36 people and was immortalized on the front cover of Led Zeppelin’s 1969 debut album. Fuel cells have been used safely for generations, most famously in the U.S. space program. The cells set up a chemical reaction between the fuel and oxygen in the air, making an electric charge and leaving behind water vapour. There’s plenty of differences between the Hindenburg and the Mirai, starting with the durability of the storage tank. In the ill-fated airship, hydrogen gas was contained in giant bags made of coated cotton. Toyota’s tank is made of carbon and glass fibres and lined with plastic. If gas leaked, sensors would detect it and shut down the car. Shell reckons that in a crash, hydrogen is likely to evaporate while gasoline risks forming a puddle that’s easy to ignite. People who work with fuel cells say comparisons with the Hindenburg aren’t fair. Eighty years after the 245-metre German airship exploded and plunged to the ground, the exact cause remains a mystery. “The fire and explosion at Hindenburg was nothing to do with hydrogen, and that is the mindset you’ve got to change with people,” said Jon Hunt, who is in charge of commercialization of hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles for Toyota GB Plc. In the airship disaster, “there were a number of things, including materials used and operational practice, that would be totally mitigated by normal, good practice now.” His hope is that people will trust the technology to keep them safe just as they do with mobile phones. People continue to carry lithium-ion powered handsets even after Samsung Electronic Co.’s Note 7 smartphones caught fire last year and Boeing Co. planes had fires started by battery units. Fuel cells are starting to take hold — and not just in cars. In Japan, companies including Panasonic Corp. are selling thousands of fuel cells to power individual homes. U.S. listed companies such as FuelCell Energy Inc., Plug Power Inc. and Ballard Power Systems Inc. are putting them into fork lifts and commercial power generators. Automakers including General Motors Corp. and Volkswagen AG have joined Toyota in designing fuel-cell cars. About 2,800 Mirais were sold worldwide in the last year. Shell’s first hydrogen pump in the U.K. opened at a filling station outside London on Feb. 22. Fuel is made on-site in a unit supplied by ITM Power Plc, which passes live wires through water to extract hydrogen. Shell chief executive Ben Van Beurden expects the fuel to drive trains, planes and trucks in the future. Trucks are a big potential market, since the batteries they’d need to move by electricity would be too heavy. While electricity is notoriously difficult to store, hydrogen gas is easily kept in a tank and transported anywhere in the world, the executive notes. To demonstrate this, Shell plans to bring a tanker full of liquid hydrogen to Tokyo in time for the Olympic Games in 2020. The city is spending 45.2 billion yen on fuel-cell subsidies, hoping to deploy 100 buses using the technology at the games. “The beauty of hydrogen is that it can be made from so many feedstocks,” said Claire Curry, Bloomberg New Energy Finance analyst in New York. The reality of hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles is that it is still an early-stage technology, dependent on government support to spur the refuelling network needed. Shell’s most optimistic scenario is to be supplying hundreds of tons of hydrogen to the cars by 2030, says Matthew Tipper, vice president of New Fuels. The Mirai tank holds five kilograms of hydrogen, which gives it a range of about 550 kilometres. “The acid test is how many more fuelling stations they put in,” said Julia Thomas, managing director of Green Tomato Cars, which has used two Mirais for about 18 months as part of its plan to run a zero-emission fleet. Read more about: United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 7°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Toronto’s Real Housewives are rich, but are they mean enough?: review Homegrown reality TV stars adhere to franchise formula by showing off their riches and attending endless parties. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe Thunderstorms Hitting the Central US Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle tends to her eaglette in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf from Cape May, NJ Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl More ABC News' Diane Macedo reports the buzziest stories of the day in "GMA" Pop News. 3:35 | 03/04/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl brought to you by wayfair.com. A zillion things home. And it's time for "Pop news" as promised. Time for you, Diane. Natalie portman told the world last weekend she couldn't attend the oscars due to the late stage of her pregnancy. Well, it turns out that late stage was a birth. The actress and her husband Benjamin millepied just announced they welcomed a baby girl four days before the awards. Little Amalia joins aleph who is 5 now, believe it or not. Wow. And the couple met while working on "Black swan." He was a choreographer for the movie and you might remember port man won for best actress for that film while she was pregnant with her son. Now she gets nominated while pregnant with her daughter. I'm wondering if they're some kind of good luck charm in maybe they are. Nominees are in for the radio Disney newsic awards. Justin Bieber nominated for five awards including best artist, Megan Trainor and Selena mow guess grabbed four tying her with the host of the show Ballerini. Cast your vote through the radio Disney app. Lots of options. You can also watch the show, 2017 Disney music awards on Sunday, April 30th at 7:00 eastern on the Disney channel. Ron is tearing up his -- Now to a "Pop news" investigation. What you might have noticed queen Elizabeth is rarely seen without her trusty handbag. It's not just an accessory but part of a secret code, royal historians tell "People" magazine if the queen moves her bag from one hand to the other that's I sign she wants to move on from a conversation. Another secret gesture she twists her wedding ring if she wants to leave a discussion as soon as possible and whenever the queen places her bag on a table that is a five-minute warning to her ladies in waiting that she's getting ready to leave. I thought you were going to say the nuclear codes. No. This is way more interesting. Nothing that consequential. I like having ladies in waiting. I'm going to be ready to go, ladies. Move your "Good morning America" cup and that will signal that you're ready to go. See a little code. See if viewers keep track. Paula's code is much less Tuttle. My code is pretty overt. Gets up and leaves. Yep. Father in Washington state should be claiming dibs on dad of the year after building this for his 3-year-old son in his own backyard. Wow. Look at that. Scott frazierton says he was going to build a tree house but when his son fell in love with a roller coaster he said the whole thing was a no-brainer. The Navy pilot went ahead, he sawed out a Boeing engineer who was published several books on how to build a roller coaster in your backyard. Didn't know that was a thing and needless to say it was a huge hit with his son Wyatt. That's incredible. I have a 2-year-old and like I feel like I'm a good daddy when I make him eggs and -- Make a roller coaster. Never thought about building a roller coaster. Never crossed my mind. You know, every parent will begrudge you for showing that because we're all going to -- I know. I'll go home and my kids will say build me a roller coaster. What have you done for me lately. About 1300 bucks. It took three months, three months of quality time with his son because they kind of built it together. Really? Paid attention while he was building. He helped daddy build it? We all know if we ask for a pony we weren't thinking big enough. Think big, kids. See you back here tomorrow morning. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Bill Paxton's death certificate reveals heart defect Now Playing: David Letterman calls President Donald Trump 'ignorant' Now Playing: 5-year-old girl headed to national spelling bee Now Playing: 'The Bachelor: Women Tell All' sneak peek Now Playing: Amy Schumer dishes on her Netflix special, gets surprise from Bachelor Nick Viall Now Playing: Adele finally confirms she's married Now Playing: Prince Michael Jackson opens up about life after father's death Now Playing: Local journalist throws up during proposal to girlfriend midair Now Playing: This Week Fast Forward 03.05.2017 Now Playing: One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested after altercation with paparazzi Now Playing: Arnold Schwarzenegger done with 'The Celebrity Apprentice' Now Playing: Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl Now Playing: Oscar nominee Casey Affleck talks about his role in 'Manchester by the Sea' Now Playing: Allison Williams channels her inner Julie Andrews and sings 'My Favorite Things' Now Playing: Allison Williams on what moviegoers might learn from 'Get Out' Now Playing: Jimmy Buffett-inspired Margaritaville retirement community coming soon Now Playing: Clean Bandit performs their hit 'Rather Be' in Times Square Now Playing: Tom Hanks sent new espresso machine to White House press corps Now Playing: Clean Bandit performs their hit 'Rockabye' featuring Sean Paul and Anne-Marie live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Freddie Stroma and Josh Bowman dish on 'Time After Time' live on 'GMA' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":45906089,"title":"Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl","duration":"3:35","description":"ABC News' Diane Macedo reports the buzziest stories of the day in \"GMA\" Pop News.","url":"/GMA/video/natalie-portman-missed-oscars-due-birth-baby-girl-45906089","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store March 7, 2017 4:29 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Despite Trump’s pledge, no re­quire­ment for using U.S. steel in Key­stone pipe­line March 3, 2017 11:20 PM By Justin Sink / Bloomberg News WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as it moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska before connecting to a network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Mr. Trump’s public comments. He has boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs, Mr. Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 news conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” the administration would “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina, and again later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Fla. A White House official who would only discuss the issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Energy Transfer Partners LP - United States Steel Corp - Donald Trump - Mario Barrett - Mario Longhi - Dakota Access Pipeline - United States - North America - Keystone Pipeline - Canada Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 30° Cloudy High: 39° | Low: 37° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted March 3 Updated March 3 increase font size Despite Trump’s claims, U.S. steel won’t be required in Keystone pipeline The president has said repeatedly that he has forced pipeline builders to commit to using only American-made pipe. By Justin SinkTribune News Service Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states – Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska – before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced in the United States. The rest was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a meeting Feb. 23 with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, and for Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy – meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel – but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a news conference Feb. 16, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” administration officials “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later, during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good – add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend, at a rally Feb. 18 in Melbourne, Fla. Noting that he had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would discuss the pipeline issue only on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department is working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration can’t implement it until that effort is complete. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continues “to be encouraged as our presidential permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared It isn't pretty, but ‘misfit’ produce has home on Hannaford shelves Bill calls for restraining dogs in vehicles, banning head-out-the-window routine Volunteers sought in effort to digitize state history Trump's proposed cuts to NOAA alarm Maine's marine community Charles Lawton: Maine's best hope for stronger economy is exporting knowledge To Portland panhandlers, program may offer welcome change: Jobs Sugarloaf employee dies in fall while prepping mogul ski course Three Long Creek inmates captured after escape from camp outing Former Winslow lawmaker found safe after being reported missing Big crowd turns out for Angus King event on Supreme Court nominee To Portland panhandlers, program may offer welcome change: Jobs For Maine's Sen. Susan Collins, meatloaf serves as political metaphor LePage's stay and activities in Washington fuel speculation about post in Trump administration Alan Caron: America is suffering from a dangerous knowledge deficit Accidental overdoses of fentanyl killed former Old Orchard Beach councilor, Saco woman BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer's lightning round: Wait for hot money to flow out of AMD Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:26 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed: Chicago Bridge & Iron: "I think it's OK. Fluor, CBI, these are inconsistent companies. You're not going to get me to really bite on these. We like that MasTec, we thought that interesting as a better play. Emcor, too." Mobileye: "Way too inconsistent. I don't want retirement money in that stock. No way. No how." Horizon Pharma: "I don't care for Horizon Pharma. Specialty pharma is not my cup of tea. I'm going to have to say take it off the table." Advanced Micro Devices: "You have to wait for all the hot money to come out. All the hot money was in it for that chip that came out and the reviews were just OK. Let the stock go down to $12.25 and then pull the trigger." Boeing: "It wouldn't be so bad to take half off the table. That thing has been too much of a horse, and I like Boeing a great deal." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CBI --- Cramer's New Book
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent North Linn finally gets a close game, handles it well Iowa’s Medicaid insurers each post more than $100 million in losses in first year Four tenants signed for former Sears space at Coral Ridge Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Kendu Petties found guilty of first-degree murder All-state girls' basketball: Honor leaves Xavier's Lexi Noonan 'in shock' Iowa Senate OKs trespass protections Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Boys' state basketball tournament: Tuesday's capsules Unwanted items at Iowa universities find new lives around the globe Despite Trump pledge, no requirement for U.S. steel in Keystone Video Photo FILE PHOTO - A depot used to store pipes for Transcanada Corp’s planned Keystone XL oil pipeline is seen in Gascoyne, North Dakota, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Terray Sylvester/File Photo By Justin Sink, Bloomberg Mar 3, 2017 at 8:04 pm | Print View The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states -- Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska -- before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy -- meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel -- but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good -- add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” --- Bloomberg’s Andrew Mayeda and Josh Wingrove contributed. Your next Nation & World articles New executive order bans travelers from ... Can latest version of travel ban survive ... Republicans poised to roll back worker s ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Why choose to go to the moon? Trump changes commercial space calculations Alan Boyle GeekWireMarch 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share An artist’s conception shows Bigelow Aerospace’s lunar depot in orbit. (Bigelow Aerospace)More Nearly 55 years ago, President John F. Kennedy said America chose to go to the moon and take on other challenges “not because they are easy, but because they are hard.” Now it’s commercial space ventures that are choosing to go to the moon. Back in the 1960s, the moon effort was aimed at demonstrating America’s greatness. A similar motivation is at work this time around: to demonstrate that President Donald Trump is making America great again. Trump has given nods to the space effort in his two big speeches: In his inauguration address, he said America was “ready to unlock the mysteries of space.” And in his address to this week’s joint session of Congress, he said seeing American footprints on distant worlds was “not too big a dream.” So far, however, specifics have been in short supply – no doubt because Trump has other priorities on his mind right now, and because a new administrator for NASA hasn’t yet been named. That has left commercial players such as Blue Origin, SpaceX and Bigelow Aerospace free to fill in the gaps, adapting their goals in space to fit a first-term time frame. This week, the billionaire founder of Blue Origin and Amazon, Jeff Bezos, acknowledged that he’s “hoping to partner with NASA on a program called ‘Blue Moon,’ where we would provide a cargo delivery service to the surface of the moon, with the intent over time of building a permanently inhabited human settlement on the moon.” “It’s time for America to go back to the moon – and this time, to stay,” Bezos said Thursday night at an Aviation Week award ceremony. “We can do it. It’s a difficult but worthy objective.” Bezos’ ambition to start lunar deliveries in 2020 ups the ante for NASA as well as other commercial players. SpaceX founder Elon Musk, one of Bezos’ most outspoken rivals in the space business, has a plan to send private customers on a trip beyond the moon and back. Another billionaire, Robert Bigelow, says his aerospace company and its partners could put a space station and fuel depot in lunar orbit. If initiated soon, a lunar depot could be in operation by the end of 2020. pic.twitter.com/dI5s3Gvf5i — Robert Bigelow (@RobertTBigelow) March 1, 2017 Boeing, Lockheed Martin and United Launch Alliance have similar plans on the books for putting outposts in lunar orbit. And five teams chasing after the Google Lunar X Prize are aiming to start landing probes on the moon by the end of this year, potentially beating Bezos to the punch. In a statement emailed to GeekWire today, NASA was supportive of such efforts without mentioning Blue Origin or any other company by name: “This is an exciting time for space exploration as a number of private companies are expressing interest in providing cargo and human spaceflight services. For more than a decade, NASA has been investing in private industry to foster what was then a fledgling enterprise. Today, private companies are providing cargo services to the International Space Station and will soon return the launch of astronauts to U.S. soil. These emerging service providers will allow NASA the flexibility to develop spacecraft and systems needed for a sustained human presence deeper into space, to the moon, and on to Mars and other distant worlds. Moving human presence deeper into space will require the best of NASA and the private sector.” NASA’s statement makes nary a mention of the space exploration goal that was set by the Obama administration in 2010: visiting a near-Earth asteroid, or at least striking off a chunk of an asteroid for study. That omission, along with references to the moon, Mars “and other distant worlds,” might suggest that the space agency is already anticipating a shift in its exploration agenda. Much has been made of the “billionaire space club” rivalry, but a bigger rivalry seems to be shaping up between players like Bezos and Musk on one side, who say they’re willing to share the financial burden of deep-space missions because of their personal convictions, and more traditional players like Boeing and Lockheed Martin on the other side. A key focus for the rivalry will be NASA’s own deep-space exploration program and the development efforts for the Orion crew vehicle (led by Lockheed Martin) and the heavy-lift Space Launch System (led by Boeing). Right now, NASA is considering upgrading the first test flight of the Space Launch System, also known as SLS, to carry astronauts beyond the moon and back. Read More Once his team settles in at NASA, will Trump take aim at Orion and SLS, as he took aim at the F-35 fighter jet program and the next-generation Air Force One? Might there be a “New Space” vs. “OId Space” competition, as suggested in one of the Trump transition documents? Perhaps the biggest question looming over commercial lunar missions is the same one Kennedy raised in 1962: Why the moon? Why choose this as our goal? This year marks not only the 55th anniversary of Kennedy’s “We Choose to Go to the Moon” speech, but also the 60th anniversary of the Sputnik launch and the start of the Space Age. For Sputnik’s 50th anniversary, I laid out “five E’s” that serve as justifications for the space effort: exploration, entertainment, energy, empire building and extinction avoidance. Different players have different motivations: For NASA, it’s mostly about science and exploration. For Musk, it’s about making humanity a multiplanet species and thus avoiding extinction. For Bezos, it’s about the long-term energy payoff provided by space solar power. For Trump and his aides, however, the motivation appears to be more in the Cold War mode: making America demonstrably great again, preferably in time for the 2020 presidential election. A draft proposal obtained by Politico last month talks about “private American astronauts, on private spaceships, circling the moon by 2020; and private lunar landers staking out de facto ‘property rights’ for Americans on the moon, by 2020 as well.” Empire building, it seems, is back in style. More from GeekWire: Donald Trump disses America’s space program; what would Hillary Clinton do? Space ventures get shout-outs in State of the State Address – and State of the Union Moon Village vs. Journey to Mars: Which space vision will the next president pick? White House works out a process to clear commercial missions to moon and Mars Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next IBM to build quantum computers, selling machines millions of times faster than anything made before The Independent Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Score an Apple Mac Mini desktop computer for just $400 on Best Buy Digital Trends New leaked photos give us a crystal clear look at the Galaxy S8 BGR News New report reaffirms the most exciting new iPhone 8 feature BGR News
About Contact the Editor Advertise with FPJ Submissions Writers Support FPJ Home Features News & Analysis Essays Viewpoints Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Topics Politics Economy Reviews Culture Science & Health Featured Writers Ramzy Baroud Richard Falk Jeremy R. Hammond Jim Miles Paul Craig Roberts David Swanson Select Page Book Review: Water Security in the Middle East By Jim Miles | Mar 3, 2017 | Middle East, Reviews, Viewpoints | 0 | Water Security in the Middle East approaches the topic from a US-centric geopolitical perspective. Your purchases at Amazon.com via affiliate links below will help support FPJ at no extra cost to you. Water Security in the Middle East: Essays in Scientific and Social Cooperation. Jean Axelrod Cahan, Ed. Anthem Press (Wimbledon Publishing). 2017. For anyone following events in the Middle East, it should be obvious that water is of some concern for all participants/inhabitants of the mostly desert region. This volume, Water Security in the Middle East, attempts to provide “learning about the usages of water in different cultures and different historical eras, learning about specific water disputes or conflicts in particular regions of the world and learning about local needs and attitudes,” with its obvious focus on the Middle East. Unfortunately, it is a highly academic work, making it suitable probably only for the specific courses taught by the various authors. By highly academic, I signify that it is dry and jargonistic, not available to a broader public. The writing style is typical of the social sciences as outlined for essays given by instructors to first and second year students: introduction, preview, presentation, summation, and references. The latter is seemingly the most important item, signifying that you have read many other papers and sources to support your point of view. While there are many strong references, the dryness of the writing styles would indicate that little firsthand research was done, that no one was actually talked to—neither politician, scientist, nor planner—in the various areas physically and socially discussed. The whole work could well have been written in a much shorter summary form that highlighted the three main ideas present throughout the work. The first consistent idea is that water problems do not lead to wars, but serve as aggravating factors in wars and international relationships. Secondly, climate change is an important unknown factor for future considerations and planning. Finally, simply that people argue over water rights with little successful resolution. It all could have been done within a short essay and fewer references. A larger fault, even if one can work through the quality of the writing, is the general—although not complete—lack of geopolitical information. What there is also assumes a U.S.-centric viewpoint. The first chapter, “Cooperation rules: insights on water and conflict from international relations”, clearly presents this shortcoming. Patrice McMahon writes, “Anarchy and the absence of a world government mean that conflicts between states are inevitable and war always loom in the background.” Which says a lot without actually saying it: Whose “world government”? What conflicts are “inevitable” and looming? Another generalized statement by Ms. McMahon again says a lot without saying it, as “war and violent conflict in general will be less likely to help states advance their interests….war is less cost effective than pursuing the same goal through cooperation and trade.” Which in my mind begs the question, why then does the U.S. maintain such a highly militarized state, with military corporations spread throughout its realm (Boeing, General Electric, Raytheon, McDonnell-Douglas, Lockheed-Martin, General Dynamics, et al) and then spend so much money and time fighting in the Middle East and supporting Israel’s fighting, rather than cooperating and trading? (Oh, I get it, they are the ones not cooperating and trading?) This is followed up in her conclusion that “several states are in the process of imploding and disintegrating…[demonstrating] the profound fragility of this region as nation-states give way to a variety of substate actors.” So why are they imploding and disintegrating, why is the region so fragile? Could it be all the interference by the U.S. to support Israel and protect its dollar hegemony via Saudi Arabia? In consideration of the above, the worst factor is the indication that the concerns over water allocation will “exacerbate regional tensions and distract countries from working with the United States on important policy objectives….and that the United States must be more assertive and expand cooperation with our international allies [NATO?] to bring about change and build resilience.” No, the U.S. is not part of the solution, at least not until they stop funding Saudi Arabia, stop supporting and funding Israel’s settlement of Palestine, and stop their indirect support of various “substate actors” commonly called terrorists. There are a few other case specific faults that stood out. First is the reference to Syria’s “civil war” and its internationalization. Again, welcome the CIA, the Saudis, Israel, al-Qaeda and all kinds of state and “substate actors” that turned mostly civil demonstrations into violent ones that resulted in violent counter-reactions. Another case is the single reference to Russia as playing a role in future water politics in the region. And that was all, he wrote. Understand that the essays were originally given at a conference in 2014, and Russia at that point had not yet stood up to ISIS (and indirectly U.S. geopolitical adventurism). The final case, presented sparsely in three of the essays, is the relationship between Israel and the Palestinians. The most striking feature was the neutrality of two contesting “narratives” and that each side needs to listen to the other’s narrative. Sure, that has been done and is ongoing—especially from the Israeli perspective—in western MSM. The Israeli narrative is that of a lost people returning to the emptiness of their biblical homeland, as ordained by divine right. The reality is that of a colonial-settler state serving as an outpost of western dominance that is doing its best to ethnically cleanse the land of Arab/Palestinian people and culture. Finally, to sum up, this is an economics treatise; it is not rocket science, nor is it actually any kind of science. I love to quote Michael Hudson (an economist) on this: “the discipline [of economics] is closer to numerology than to natural sciences. Indeed astrology also is highly technical and mathematical, and like economics it deals with forecasting.” (The Bubble and Beyond, 2013.)” Share: Rate: Tags: Books, US Foreign Policy, Water About the Author Jim Miles Jim Miles is a Canadian educator and a regular contributor of opinion pieces and book reviews for The Palestine Chronicle. Miles' work is also presented globally through other alternative websites and news publications. Comments are encouraged, but please respect the rules. Click here for terms of use. Support FPJ Pay a voluntary subscription price to help FPJ continue to provide you with an antidote to the government and mainstream media's propaganda! Select your contribution amount Supporter : $5.00 USD - monthlyChampion : $10.00 USD - monthlySuper Hero : $15.00 USD - monthly More ways to contribute Follow FPJ Follows Facebook 14.6k Followers Twitter 3.3k Followers Google+ 860+ Followers LinkedIn 500+ Followers More by Jim Miles Rosemary Barton, War Crimes, and the Liberation of Aleppo Book Review: Fawaz A. Gerges’s ‘ISIS: A History’ Book Review: Stephen Kinzer’s ‘The True Flag’ Book Review: “Ukraine, Zbig’s Grand Chessboard” Book Review: ‘Mission Failure: America and the World in the Post-Cold War Era’ Latest Can Truth Prevail? Descendants of Slaves, Forerunners of Justice: American Muslims Must Stop Apologizing Economic Impact of Trump Immigration Policies on Chinese This Is Not Your Grandparents’ Resistance Will Gold Prices Finally Pull Back or Continue Marching Ahead? Popular Hillary Emails Reveal True Motive for Libya Intervention Top Ten Myths about the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Bringing Closure to the 9/11 Pentagon Debate Water Scarcity: Cooperation or Conflict in the Middle East and North Africa? Can Truth Prevail? © 2016 Foreign Policy Journal About Contact the Editor Advertise with FPJ Submissions Writers Support FPJ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Print Friendly
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 30.6 C Lagos Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business AMCON is a Mortician, Not Asset Manager AMCON is a Mortician, Not Asset Manager March 4, 2017 0 977 Interview Aviation Consultant and CEO of Belujane Konsult, Chris Aligbe is troubled by the manner of  intervention of the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria, AMCON in the aviation industry of the country. He suggested to Chinedu Eze ways government can rescue troubled airlines like Arik and Aero. He insists that AMCON lacks the requisite experience to revive ailing airlines and would kill it with wrong approach. Excerpts There is anxiety among Arik Air workers that they may lose their jobs and the future of the airline is uncertain. How do you think the airline could be saved? The uncertainty in the airline is not unexpected. The staff are right in their feeling because, for me who is not even an employee of the airline, I have great trepidation, great anxiety about the future of that airline under the present intervention of Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON). AMCON has the record of not being able to rescue an airline because the airlines it got into in the past have all gone down. They went into Virgin Nigeria. It was under AMCON that two brand new Embraer E190 aircraft acquired by Virgin Nigeria were left on the ground to rot. It was under AMCON that Aero, which owned about eight or nine aircraft before its takeover, reduced to two aircraft in its fleet. Since over five years ago nothing has happened to Aero in terms of improvement. Staff of Aero lost their jobs under AMCON. So when you look at these, you will understand why the staff of Arik should be apprehensive about the future of their jobs and the future of the airline. AMCON in one press release I saw said they are not airline managers. Of course, they are not; they are morticians. So what they should have done is they have a right to get into Arik and say, you owe us this amount of money and we do not think that the way things are going you will be able to pay. Then AMCON will get all the stakeholders to sit down and say, we will have to change this management. Then they will jointly decide and transparently get a new turn-around management. They will openly appoint a new management that will turn the place around. The work AMCON has put in place today can never turn the place around. They started the process of reduced flight and then gave the impression that things are coming on well, but it is not true. I do not know whether AMCON has taken care to look at the international ramifications of owning Arik. Foreign creditors will be there and foreign creditors, when they found out that who owns Arik is government organisation, they will get harder in demanding for their money. They can ask for sovereign guarantees if you negotiate with them and if there are properties they can sue to take over those properties. We saw all these in Nigeria Airways Limited (NAL). We also saw it in the Nigerian shipping line. So AMCON going into Arik and saying they are not taking over the airline but they are taking over the management does not make any meaning to those Arik has relationship with internationally. Their idea of taking over Arik is wrong because their equity put together is not likely to be more than Arik’s equity even in its difficulties. That is why I said this entails calling everybody involved, bring the original owners of Arik and you sit down and agree on the way forward. AMCON has the right to go in but the way they did it is wrong. We need to rescue not only Arik, but we need to rescue the aviation industry from AMCON. Is there any way AMCON could be made to understand that it cannot effectively manage the airlines and then be made to adopt exit strategy? The issue of the defunct Virgin Nigeria is not there anymore but AMCON is not telling anybody anything about the debt, who incurred the debts and how the debts were incurred. Who obtained the loan in the airline, how was the loan acquired? They need to tell Nigerians, but they have not told Nigerians yet. All we know is that N35 billion was taken from AMCON and we are paying for it. When you come to Aero, it was a privately owned airline. That is fair enough, AMCON owns over 60 per cent of Aero if not more. It is a formidable equity holder in Aero. But it is a different thing with Arik because Aero is a domestic, regional operator. Arik is an international operator and it has international obligations. I just read in the papers that they discovered over $70 million Arik owed the International Air Transport Association (IATA). There is nothing like discovery because the debt is there; IATA knows it was being owed and how much it is owed; it was never hidden, so why use the word discover? So when you give the impression of discovery, you are creating the feeling that, oh, there was a fraud. But there is no fraud in owing IATA. I am not sure that there is any dispute between IATA and Arik and even if there is any dispute they have a way of solving it. It was wrong to present it to the public as if it was something that was hidden. But if the idea is to give impression that there is so much rot in Arik, I don’t think that is the best way to go about it because sooner than later what we will hear is, because of mammoth challenges in Arik, which AMCON didn’t know about, the airline could not be turned around as they wanted to do. It is all the same story. The fact of the matter is that AMCON should sit down with the owners of the airline and other stakeholders and decide the management of the airline. They appointed forensic auditor for the airline. What they did was right but they shouldn’t have done it themselves; the stakeholders should have decided that. They should stop doing the right thing in the wrong ways because if they continue that way the purpose of rescuing the airline will be defeated. Arik must be looked at from different perspectives. I don’t know what the current situation is, but I know Arik has three Boeing B777 on order. They are to be delivered 2018 or 2019. AMCON should immediately look into this because the order has gone beyond the point it can be cancelled. This means that the equipment must have to be paid for. These are some of the difficulties. Before jumping into the management of the airline, as an international carrier, there are so many things they should have looked at. I am sure AMCON has not found this out; if they did they won’t be telling us they just discovered IATA debts. AMCON has no clue about most of these challenges and they may start pushing them as an alibi for the collapse of Arik. It will be very sad if Arik collapses. This is the kind of thing that happened to Nigeria Airways. Its assets were three or four times more than its liabilities when the Chief Olusegun Obasanjo government decided to liquidate it. You only need to put some of its landed properties overseas and here in the GRA to reschedule the defunct airline’s debts. But they did not do that. They should watch what is happening in Arik so that the airline does not go the way of Nigeria Airways. They should not create alibi to destroy the company. Yes, it is true Arik has had challenges. We in the industry know this but the truth of the matter is that these challenges are not enough to collapse the airline. They should get those who can turn the airline around, and not those who have no idea about how to turn the organisation around. There have been allegations lately that NCAA is not effectively regulating the industry and the reason airlines are going under. What is your take on that? As far as I am concerned there are so much ignorance and so much mischief, which is very, very unfortunate. There are people who don’t know what NCAA is doing or what NCAA has done. They raise an issue and run the entire organisation down and this will not work, no matter the motive or motivations. Yes, there are challenges of economic regulation in the industry, but the challenges are not something you input to human being because some of the challenges are systemic. NCAA today cannot effectively regulate the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) despite its autonomy because FAAN is a government agency and NCAA being a government agency cannot regulate itself. The situation will change drastically when the airports are given out in concession. When they are concessioned, NCAA can now regulate them. Government never succeeds in regulating itself, but to say that NCAA has not done what it should do; that is why airlines are collapsing is not true. What should NCAA do? Is it to stop an airline that is in distress from operating? Should NCAA fund the airline that is in difficulty? Or should NCAA sit down and tell an airline, look, you can no longer operate? Airlines have their own challenges but they are not friends among themselves. What should be done in aviation industry is to make sure that the models are there. But I think that NCAA can begin to do the things that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is doing. Nobody can take over the management of any airline without NCAA’s approval. Currently NCAA approves the Accountable Managers of the airlines which is the technical area. I think NCAA should approve the management of the airlines. In the banking sector, CBN approves the management team of banks. This is to ensure that the right people are managing the airlines. Previous articleBest, Worst and the Most Hilarious Oscars 2017 Next articleNPDC/Atlantic Tussle on Cash Call; Civil Breach of Contract, Says Counsel,  Lawal Rabana Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Banks Begin Compliance with Directive on FX Teller Points Business Shell Shuts Down 225,000bpd Bonga Deepwater Field for Maintenance Business NBS: Imported Agric Products Totalled N212.73bn in Q4 985,428FansLike 722,935FollowersFollow Latest News All is Set, Says Govt as Abuja Airport Closes at Midnight... March 7, 2017 PDP Staff Snub Sheriff, Say They Cannot Resume Work March 7, 2017 Former Adamawa Governor, Ngilari, Jailed Five Years for Corruption March 7, 2017 FG to Review Military Rules of Engagement March 7, 2017 INEC sans Resident Commissioners, Recipe for Confusion   March 7, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 5th March 2017 March 6, 2017 0 Recent Comments vincentumenyiora on FG Creates Central Assets Register to Track MDAs’ Assets Gbenga Giwa on Onukaba Ojo, Former MD of Daily Times, is Dead Olu on Tinubu, Maryam Abacha to Inaugurate Multiple Projects in Borno vincentumenyiora on FG Creates Central Assets Register to Track MDAs’ Assets josvinco on Sokoto Approves N32m for Mass Wedding of 100 Couples MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 434 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST All is Set, Says Govt as Abuja Airport Closes at Midnight... March 7, 2017 PDP Staff Snub Sheriff, Say They Cannot Resume Work March 7, 2017 Former Adamawa Governor, Ngilari, Jailed Five Years for Corruption March 7, 2017 FG to Review Military Rules of Engagement March 7, 2017 INEC sans Resident Commissioners, Recipe for Confusion   March 7, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 434 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Bernie Sanders to lead protest against Nissan for 'civil rights abuses' by Jackie Wattles   @jackiewattles March 4, 2017: 8:52 AM ET Nissan CEO: Automakers will increase US production Senator Bernie Sanders is leading a protest Saturday against what activists are calling civil rights violations by Nissan. Sanders will join actor Danny Glover, NAACP President Cornell William Brooks, politicians and activists at a Nissan plant in Canton, Mississippi. The activists cite "a pattern of civil rights abuses by Nissan against its predominantly African-American workforce in Mississippi," according to a statement from the march's organizers. Related: Tesla's battle with union organizers is heating up "The company has committed rampant safety and health violations and denied its workers their basic right to vote for a union free from fear and intimidation," Glover said in a statement. Nissan (NSANF) staunchly denies the activists' claims, saying the United Auto Workers union is "part of a campaign to pressure the company into recognizing a union, even without employee support." But union representatives argue that workers at the plant have not yet taken formal steps toward unionizing because they fear retaliation from the company. Related: Boeing workers in South Carolina overwhelmingly reject union In a statement Friday, Sanders said that while Nissan workers are unionized in 42 of its 45 factories around the globe, the workers at plants in Mississippi and Tennessee are not. Activists and workers say that's caused major problems, such as health hazards and pay cuts. "I for one am grateful for my job. But in the years since [the factory opened]...Nissan has driven down pay, eliminated benefits and imposed punishing production schedules while skimping on basic health and safety equipment," said Robin Moore, a Nissan employee from Jackson, Mississippi. The rally is scheduled to begin at 12:30 pm CT Saturday. The march was organized by Mississippi Alliance for Fairness at Nissan. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 3, 2017: 6:25 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Best Buy Co’s (BBY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (INN) Upgraded to “Buy” by Bank of America Corp Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Director Dennis A. Suskind Sells 2,000 Shares American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Receives Underperform Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein Delta Air Lines’ (DAL) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Sanford C. Bernstein Arotech Co. (ARTX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Singular Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. (CTMX) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Given Hold Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 4,314 Shares of Stock Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) VP Dwight D. Smith Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Director Richard Delateur Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Receives Buy Rating from Maxim Group Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Upgraded to Outperform at JMP Securities Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Price Target Raised to $60.00 at Cowen and Company Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Given “Hold” Rating at RBC Capital Markets State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL) March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) by 0.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 132,531 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,105 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Air Lease Corporation were worth $4,550,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Williams Jones & Associates LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $19,370,000. Cobalt Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 286.0% in the third quarter. Cobalt Capital Management Inc. now owns 537,129 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,351,000 after buying an additional 397,962 shares in the last quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. raised its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 287.4% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 458,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,282,000 after buying an additional 340,248 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $9,616,000. Finally, Vontobel Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 25.1% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,373,979 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,270,000 after buying an additional 275,600 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.06% of the company’s stock. Shares of Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) opened at 39.50 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.50 and a beta of 1.60. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $37.54 and a 200 day moving average price of $33.15. Air Lease Corporation has a 12-month low of $24.49 and a 12-month high of $40.24. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.03. Air Lease Corporation had a return on equity of 14.83% and a net margin of 26.09%. The company earned $370.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $360.63 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.21 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Air Lease Corporation will post $3.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th will be issued a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.76%. Air Lease Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 9.12%. “State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-raises-position-in-air-lease-corporation-al.html. AL has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Compass Point initiated coverage on Air Lease Corporation in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price target for the company. FBR & Co lifted their price target on Air Lease Corporation from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Cowen and Company lifted their price target on Air Lease Corporation from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $50.07. In other Air Lease Corporation news, EVP Grant A. Levy sold 9,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.06, for a total value of $324,540.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 166,608 shares in the company, valued at $6,007,884.48. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Alex A. Khatibi sold 10,871 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.09, for a total value of $381,463.39. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 154,487 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,420,948.83. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 26,501 shares of company stock valued at $944,683 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corporation Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Irene and Arnie Wiggum at the Polar Bear Club in Pullman, while they were dating and attending Washington State College in 1941 or ‘42. Everett native son Arnie Wiggum touched thousands of young lives Eric Stevick Fri Mar 3rd, 2017 9:41pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The park named for Arnold “Arnie” Wiggum can be a bustling place in the spring, summer and fall, a wide grassy expanse for children to burn off energy and exercise their imaginations. There’s a playground, skate park and ball field spread across 10 acres in a Northwest Everett neighborhood where many families live in subsidized housing. It’s doubtful many youngsters would know much about the 1938 Everett High School graduate whose legacy Wiggums Hollow Park celebrates. They’re more likely to recognize the Wiggum family name from the long-running animated series “The Simpsons.” The show’s creator, Matt Groening, used family names in developing his characters. His mother, Margaret, was the inspiration for Marge Simpson, wife of Homer and mother of Bart, Lisa and Maggie. Before she married, she was Margaret Wiggum, of Everett. The police chief of the fictitious town of Springfield is Chief Wiggum. Margaret’s brother was Arnie Wiggum, who died Feb. 9 in Wenatchee at the age of 96. He was a champion of public education. As an elementary school principal, he touched thousands of young lives and inspired teaching staffs at several Everett schools. He was the school district’s first director of Head Start and known for the soft spot he had for children growing up in poverty or with challenging home lives. An advocate of music and drama, he had a knack for convincing shy students to perform in talent shows. “Our job,” he would tell his colleagues, “is to make sure kids are starry-eyed, not starey-eyed.” Larry O’Donnell, himself an Everett High School graduate and retired elementary school principal, was a seventh-grade student at South Junior High School when he first encountered Wiggum in 1949. Through the eyes of the 12-year-old, Wiggum was a dynamo, an enthusiastic and energetic English teacher. Years later, as a colleague, he was a principal to emulate. “Everywhere he went, he was just so oriented to kids,” O’Donnell said. “He was like a big kid himself. He liked kids and they knew it.” It was for his work as principal at Hawthorne Elementary that the park was named in his behalf. At Hawthorne, “he was a legend, beloved by parents and students” O’Donnell said. “It is no wonder the nearby park got named for him.” Those sentiments are echoed in a comment section accompanying his online obituary. Jeff Gentzler, of Florence, Oregon, wrote about his time as a Hawthorne student in the early 1960s: “I lived in the old projects and remember him always as just the nicest man. I remember him sometimes watching us play soccer at break time, always with a smile on his face.” One former Hawthorne student recalled Wiggum taking him to a store to buy him a pair of shoes. Another shared the story of the time he broke a window to Wiggum’s office. He was braced for the worst but was met with compassion. Sidra Egge, of Marysville, was a first-year teacher at View Ridge Elementary in 1977 and Wiggum was her principal. His trust and leadership made the entire staff want to live up to his expectations to meet the needs of each student, she said. Decades later, his View Ridge teachers still gather for Christmas parties and other special events. Several plan to attend his memorial service at 2 p.m. March 18 at the First United Methodist Church in Wenatchee. As Egge tells it, Wiggum was more than a mentor. He also was a matchmaker. On her first day at the school, Wiggum introduced her to a newly hired special education teacher. His name was Larry Egge and Wiggum would call him Lars. Wiggum would visit their classrooms to evaluate their teaching skills and explain how they might improve at conferences afterward. “Then he would say, ‘Now how about Lars? He is such a fine gentleman and you two should be together,’” Sidra Egge recalled. “I would blush, smile and quietly walk away.” Six years later, Wiggum attended their wedding. “It was because of him we got together,” Sidra Egge said. Robert Timm was a first-year teacher at the old Monroe School, Everett’s first brick campus that opened in 1893 and closed in 1965 after earthquake damage. Wiggum was his principal. “He bent over backward to make things work out for me as a beginning teacher,” said Timm, now 86 and living in Tulalip. “I felt, ‘Oh boy, he will be patient with me,’ and he was.” Wiggum’s support inspired loyalty and hard work, said Timm, who also became an Everett school principal. Dan and Ann O’Donnell, no relation to Larry O’Donnell, were parents of three children who attended View Ridge in the 1970s. Their children today are 53, 49 and 46, but the couple still fondly remembered their elementary school principal. They were trying to promote soccer at the time and provide more opportunities for children to play. Dan O’Donnell approached Wiggum about making soccer fields at View Ridge. “He said, ‘It’s about the kids, isn’t it?’ ” Dan O’Donnell recalled more than four decades later. Wiggum not only approached the PTA and came up with materials, he helped dig the holes to install equipment. “Kids came first in his mind,” Ann O’Donnell said. “I just hear his name and I get a smile on my face.” Arnold Wiggum was born in Minnesota and moved to Everett in 1922 when he was 2. His parents met aboard a ship while emigrating to the United States. He joined the Army National Guard at 16 and met his wife of 72 years at Washington State College. His children describe his initial infatuation with Irene Nelson as “love at first laugh.” When he heard that laugh at a track meet, he approached her. He soon fell in love. Two months after they married in 1942, Wiggum received his draft notice and became an instrument flying instructor during World War II. The couple had five children, moving from the shadows of Everett Memorial Stadium to a home they helped build off Mukilteo Boulevard near the city limits. Growing up in the Great Depression, they took pride in providing meat on the dinner table every night. Later they watched each of their children graduate from college. Two became teachers. The other three: an accountant, an anesthesiologist and a Boeing jet salesman. For many years, Wiggum sang in the church choir and spent countless hours fishing, crabbing and digging for clams. Always proud of his Scandinavian heritage, he liked his lutefisk and Swedish pancakes at the Sons of Norway Normanna Lodge in downtown Everett. He was pleased that View Ridge voted the Viking as its mascot under his watch. The couple moved from Everett to Wenatchee in their early 90s to be closer to one of their sons. Dr. David Wiggum said his dad loved the close-knit elementary school setting, “that relationship of everyone getting along and pulling together” and “the kids who achieved no matter where they started from.” His father had a long and meaningful life, which invokes in David Wiggum’s mind an African proverb: “When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground.” “I would say that’s appropriate,” Wiggum said. Eric Stevick: 425-339-3446; stevick@hearldnet.com.   Arnie Wiggum (Photo courtesy the Wiggum family) The Wiggums in their Oaks street home in 1956. Arnie Wiggum holds Paulin his lap as Irene holds Dave. In the middle is the oldest, Matt, lower left is sister Jan (Morberg) and lower right is sister Chris (Alexander). (Photo courtesy the Wiggum family) Two women walk dogs at Wiggum’s Hollow Park, named for Arnie Wiggum, on Friday n Everett. A character on the animated TV show “The Simpsons” is also named for the Everett native. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Andy Bronson / The Herald Two women walk dogs at Wiggum’s Hollow Park, named for Arnie Wiggum, on Friday in Everett. A character on the animated TV show “The Simpsons” is also named for the Everett native.   Most Read Julie Muhlstein Everett native sailing solo around the world Andy Stephens was a young Coast Guard veteran, college student and sailboat… Mar 6th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Snohomish County in dispute with landowner over condemned property LYNNWOOD — A dispute over a road-widening project has left a property… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Bothell’s new high school is modeled on the best in the world BOTHELL — Eric McDowell is a high school principal without students. For… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Monroe families, teachers await building’s test results MONROE — A renovation of Sky Valley Education Center over the summer… Mar 5th, 2017 by Kari Bray Class-action lawsuit filed against Lynnwood’s traffic cameras LYNNWOOD — A Lake Forest Park man has filed a federal class-action… Mar 5th, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures March 3, 2017 Garuda Indonesia published its operating statistics for January showing increases in passenger numbers and freight carried. Garuda carried 13.5 percent more passengers in the month to 2.95 million from the previous year, with a load factor up 2.6 percentage points at 72.5 percent. Revenue in RPK terms was up 16.7 percent on an available seat km capacity increase of 12.6 percent. Costs per available seat km rose just over 2 percent, but ex-fuel they were down 7.4 percent. Garuda domestic routes saw an increase in passenger numbers to just over 1.5 million for the month, a 7.9 percent lift on 2016. Low cost unit Citilink also had a good month with the number of passengers carried jumping 17.9 percent to 966,538. On international routes, the Indonesian flag carrier posted a 25.8 percent increase in passenger numbers to 460,866. Freight carried was up 15.5 percent on the previous year period. Garuda operates a fleet of mostly Boeing aircraft, with 737-800s on domestic and regional routes, and 777-300ERs on long-haul. It has an order for 50 Boeing 737 MAX 8s to replace older 737s. (Airwise) Top Stories French ATC Strike Causing Flight Cancellations Freight Demand Continues Slow Recovery Hawaiian February Passenger Numbers Ease Back Allegiant Carried More Passengers in February Six Airlines Awarded Mexico City, JFK Slots Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Six Airlines Awarded Mexico City, JFK Slots Wizz Air Continues Network Expansion In February Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures French ATC Strike Causing Flight Cancellations Freight Demand Continues Slow Recovery AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Keystone doesn’t have to use U.S. steel By Justin Sink, Bloomberg Published: March 3, 2017, 5:33 PM A   A The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states — Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska — before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order I’m saying why aren’t we using American steel? And they said that’s a good idea.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” he said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, ‘where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good — add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Celebration of Life Set for Bob Walsh Entrepreneur, Sports Executive, Humanitarian and Business Executive Will Be Honored SEATTLE - March 3, 2017 - PRLog -- A Celebration of Life for Seattle-based business consultant, sports executive, humanitarian and social entrepreneur Bob Walsh will be held on Saturday, March 11, from 2-4PM at the Impact HUB in downtown Seattle. Walsh, 76, who passed away January 23 from a respiratory illness in Istanbul, Turkey, was one of the area's most prominent and successful producers, with nearly 100 sports events to his credit, including the Goodwill Games in 1990, three men's NCAA Final Fours, two women's Final Fours and multiple NCAA basketball regional tournaments. He was also a visionary citizen diplomat who helped open up the country of Georgia to US investors and created the first student exchanges with the Middle East after 9/11 through his work at OneWorld Now!. Walsh had been in Tblisi, Georgia, consulting on a business project with the Georgian government, as well as to receive his credentials as an honorary ambassador to the former Soviet republic when he took ill. After a few days, when his condition did not improve, he was airlifted to Istanbul for intensive care. His son, Tim, was with him when he died. Born in Winthrop, MA, Walsh graduated from Marietta (OH) College, then returned to the Boston area where he went to work as a radio and television producer at WMAC, the first station in the U.S. to feature an exclusively all-talk format. Walsh then moved to KABC in Los Angeles as the station's program director. One of Walsh's first KABC hires was former NBA great Bill Russell as a drive-time host. When Russell resigned that position in 1973 to become head coach and general manager of the Seattle SuperSonics, he hired Walsh as his assistant general manager. During his tenure with the Sonics, Walsh negotiated to bring the 1974 NBA All Star Game to Seattle. When Russell left the Sonics in 1977, Walsh also departed the franchise and became a sports agent, representing some of the early icons in Seahawks history, including Jim Zorn and Steve Largent. Walsh eventually grew weary of sports agentry and morphed into an events promoter, scoring his first major achievement when he brought the 1984 NCAA Final Four to the Kingdome. Largely through the promotional efforts of Walsh and his company, Bob Walsh and Associates, the phrase "March Madness" was created. Two more Final Fours, in 1989 and 1995, followed. In the late 1980s, the Seattle Visitor and Convention Bureau held a contest to re-brand Seattle, then the "Queen City," into something more hip. The Bureau then ran the public contest seeking new names. The winning entry was "Emerald City." After that moniker flopped locally (the Seattle Post-Intelligencer ran editorials opposing it), the Bureau hired Walsh and Associates to turn around public opinion. Walsh sought out contacts in the National Football League and at Sports Illustrated and convinced them to always refer to Seattle as "Emerald City" on their broadcasts and in print, which they did. Then Walsh created what became the hugely popular Emerald City Marathon footrace, and that sealed the deal. Seattle has been the "Emerald City" ever since. Among other events, Bob Walsh and Associates also brought the 1987 NBA All Star Game to the Kingdome and the NCAA Women's Final Fours to Tacoma in 1988 and 1989. In all, Walsh and Associates hosted more than 90 national and international events in Seattle during the 1980s and 1990s, topped by the 1990 Goodwill Games, a sports and cultural festival that attracted athletes from 54 nations competing in 23 sports. Through the Goodwill Games, Seattle received its first exposure to the famed Bolshoi Ballet and Moscow Circus. Seattle's largest-ever art exhibit, The Treasures of Moscow, also ran concurrently with the Games. Following the Goodwill Games, Walsh turned his attention to the former Soviet Union, where he had made numerous business contacts while organizing the Games, originally held in Moscow in 1986. Eventually, the focus of those international efforts focused on Tblisi, the capital of the Republic of Georgia, which sought Western investment. Walsh and Associates partnered with the Georgian government on a variety of tourism and real estate projects, including hotel construction, and also created Georgia's first pharmaceutical company, specializing in the manufacture and distribution of vitamins. In the run-up to the Goodwill Games, Walsh and Associates played a role in organizing relief efforts for the 1988 earthquake in Armenia that killed 25,000. That same year, it orchestrated marathon swimmer Lynn Cox's historic crossing of the Bering Strait. In 1990, Walsh cleared the way diplomatically so that famed Seattle mountain climber Jim Whittaker, along with teams from China and the Soviet Union, could scale Mount Everest. Never before had the USA, China and the Soviet Union collaborated on anything. Walsh brought to Seattle numerous Georgians who required specialized medical care not available in Tblisi or anywhere in the Caucasus region, only one of the reasons Georgia was about to honor him with an honorary ambassadorship. Walsh was also responsible for what the New York Times described as "one of the great publicity stunts of the 20th century," the November 1992 launch of a Soyuz rocket from the Republic of Kazakhstan (central Asia) that circled the earth 111 times before plopping into the Pacific Ocean some 30 miles off the coast of Washington state. The rocket's capsule today is on display at Boeing's Museum of Flight. Except for occasional consulting work, Walsh had been semi-retired in recent years. He was inducted into the State of Washington Sports Hall of Fame in 2013 and the Marietta College Hall of Fame in 2014. Even in his semi-retirement, he remained an active founding board member of OneWorldNow!, supporting low-income and minority U.S. high school students to study Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Korean languages and sending them on scholarships to study abroad. Space for the March 11 celebration is limited, and those who wish to attend are asked to RSVP on Eventbrite.com. In lieu of flowers, donations to the Bob Walsh Memorial Fund may be made on GoFundMe.com Contact David Watkins ***@teamwatkins.com End Source : Team Watkins PR Email : ***@teamwatkins.com Tags : Bob Walsh, Bob Walsh Celebration, Bob Walsh Memorial Industry : Business, Entertainment, Sports Location : Seattle - Washington - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Team Watkins PRs 1st Security Bank Opens Home Lending Office in Everett, WA Disney Channel Start Appears at MarketPlace @ Factoria in Bellevue Washington Irons Brothers Construction Celebrates 15th Anniversary With Opening of New Showroom 1st Security Bank Announces 4 Shredd & Recycling Events 1st Security Bank Home Lending Names David Pearson Manager SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
