Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Urban planning Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Urban planning South Bay firms finding a home at former Boeing plant in Long Beach Three huge warehouse buildings (totaling 470,000 square feet) on the Pacific Point East property at Douglas Park. Torrance-based Simplehuman is going to occupy one of the buildings. Long Beach-based Human Touch is going to occupy another. The buildings are going to be finished at various times over this summer, starting around the first of June. Long Beach May 11, 2017. Photo by Brittany Murray, Press Telegram/SCNG By David Downey, The Press-Enterprise Posted: 05/27/17, 3:56 PM PDT | Updated: 1 week ago # Comments Three huge warehouse buildings (totaling 470,000 square feet) on the Pacific Point East property at Douglas Park. Torrance-based Simplehuman is going to occupy one of the buildings. Long Beach-based Human Touch is going to occupy another. The buildings are going to be finished at various times over this summer, starting around the first of June. Long Beach May 11, 2017. Photo by Brittany Murray, Press Telegram/SCNG A year and a half after the 279th — and last — C-17 military cargo plane took off from Long Beach Airport, Douglas Park, the former home of Boeing and Douglas Aircraft, is undergoing a renaissance. Once-bustling assembly lines for Boeing’s C-17s and 717 commercial airliners and Douglas’ DC-8 passenger jets — not to mention a long list of other famed aircraft — have disappeared into the horizon of history. But the former aerospace manufacturing hub at Lakewood Boulevard and Carson Street is fast becoming a hotbed of commercial and industrial activity, including for South Bay companies. “Douglas Park is an economic home run for Long Beach,” said Mayor Robert Garcia. City officials said they originally thought the 238-acre site, so named to honor its lofty past, would be finished by 2020. Now it appears the ambitious undertaking next to Long Beach Airport will be completed next year. When it’s done, Douglas Park will feature 4.1 million square feet of building space and offer 5,000 jobs, city officials said recently. That sounds like a lot. And it is. But it’s modest when stacked against the tens of thousands who gathered there for decades to assemble more than 15,000 passenger jets and warplanes. Still, what was terrible news for the economy — the loss of numerous high-paying blue-collar jobs — has morphed into something positive for densely populated, built-out Long Beach. “For a city that’s constrained by its footprint, this is an opportunity for it to find more than a little bit of space to grow,” said Robert Kleinhenz, economist and executive director of research for Beacon Economics in Los Angeles. “Now you’ve got some surplus space,” he said. “And it’s actually in a pretty good location because it’s close to the airport.” And it’s filling fast. Flying high Already, medical offices abound. Mercedes-Benz USA has its West Coast headquarters there, after taking over an abandoned million-square-foot plant in late 2015. That same year, Shimadzu Precision Instruments, maker of aircraft equipment, moved from Torrance to Douglas Park. And while planes aren’t being built anymore, rockets are. Virgin Orbit, a spinoff company from Virgin Galactic, has begun building rockets designed to blast small satellites into outer space. The plan is to hook its rocket, LauncherOne, to a wing of a modified Boeing 747 dubbed Cosmic Girl, then fire it like a missile into space while the plane is cruising at 35,000 feet. Advertisement Several other firms are getting ready to put roots down where backhoes are busy digging and workers in hard hats are scurrying about, in a construction campaign that spans several blocks. One of those is United Pacific, formerly United Oil, which owns 372 gas stations and convenience stores in California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington and Colorado. Joe Juliano, president and chief executive officer, said United Pacific is bursting at the seams in its 17,000-square-foot Gardena facility. So, Juliano said, the gas-station operator is moving its headquarters, and 125 employees into a new 40,000-square-foot building at Douglas Park. The move-in date is Tuesday. Millennial talent He said the firm will use 90 percent of the building initially, leasing out 4,000 square feet. The extra space will provide room to grow. “We’re thrilled,” Juliano said. “We wanted our space to be ultramodern so that it will attract talent and, specifically, millennial talent,” he said, crediting DRA Architects of Irvine for the progressive design. “We have a lot of amenities that are Google-like, if you will.” He said United’s new digs will have a gym, game tables, large break room, indoor-outdoor terrace and lobby featuring a replica fuel pump. Human Touch, which employs about 50 people, is also getting ready to move its headquarters to Douglas Park. In its case, though, it’s just moving down the street. By the end of June, Long Beach-based Human Touch expects to make its new home a 110,000-square-foot building in the Pacific Pointe East development, said Victoria Lladoc, marketing manager. Their building is one of three totaling nearly 500,000 square feet at Pacific Pointe East, next to the Skylinks golf course. Torrance company leases building Another is the 220,000-square-foot building Simplehuman of Torrance has leased, according to the Sares-Regis Group of Irvine, Douglas Park’s primary developer. That will be completed in September, said Larry Lukanish, Sares-Regis’ senior vice president. Mia Fields, a spokeswoman for Simplehuman, said her company has no specific plans. “When the building is ready it will most likely be used as inventory storage,” Fields said in an email. “We currently have no plans to move our headquarters to Long Beach, but as the company grows, things could change.” Simplehuman designs products for use around the house. Shopping, too Douglas Park isn’t just industry and offices. A five-story hotel is coming. So is a shopping center — one with an aviation theme. Under construction southwest of Carson and Lakewood is 266,000 square feet of stores and restaurants, in what is to be marketed as Long Beach Exchange, or LBX, by developer Burnham Ward Properties of Newport Beach. A highlight of the plans is an airplane-hangar-like structure that will have an open-air marketplace, according to reports. Steve Thorp, Burnham Ward partner, said the center is on track to open in April 2018. Already, big retail names have committed to locating there, including Nordstrom Rack, Petsmart, T.J. Maxx, Orchard Supply Hardware, Dunkin’ Donuts and MOD Pizza, Thorp said. Others will be announced shortly, he said. But it won’t be just a shopping center. “It will have ties to the aviation and aeronautical world,” Thorp said. Rich history An open space feature will provide a place for people to gather, he said. There, he said, bronze sculptures of replica planes built earlier on the site will be displayed, with plaques detailing their history. “It’s meant to be interactive and engaging, and allow people to reflect on the significance of the site,” Thorp said, “because it does have a very rich history.” If one wonders what the center might look like, here’s another clue: Burnham Ward developed South Coast Collection, or SOCO, a high-end center in Costa Mesa. A little ways down Lakewood Boulevard, at The Terminal, there are plans for four two-story office buildings that will provide 100,000 square feet of space. Two are scheduled to be finished by September, with the others to open by March 2018, said Jeff Coburn, principal at Lee & Associates in Long Beach. ‘Hottest new thing’ Lee & Associates also is constructing a 32,000-square-foot building for MC2 of Torrance, which provides booths for automotive trade shows. That’s to be finished by November, he said. All of Douglas Park should be finished sometime in 2018, said Lukanish of Sares-Regis Group. For now, Douglas Park remains a beehive of activity. Shaun R. McCullough, a principal at Lee & Associates, summed it up this way: “It’s the hottest new thing in town.” Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at ddowney@scng.com or follow David on Twitter: @PE_DavidDowney. Full bio and more articles by David Downey Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Energy Rocket Scientist Thinks Pentagon Can Win A War In Space With These 5 Weapons Andrew Follett Energy and Science Reporter 3:45 PM 05/27/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The U.S. military needs to prepare for combat in outer space to win the wars of the future, according to a major rocket scientist. The military awarded a major contract to build an unmanned space plane, the XS-1, to Boeing Wednesday. The XS-1 will help ensure the U.S. military’s dominance of space, which could mean the difference between victory and defeat in future conflicts. China and Russia are increasing threats to U.S. space assets, according to military officials. “We have space superiority, in the sense that we have better space assets than they do, but we also have a greater vulnerability, because we depend upon space assets more than they do,” Dr. Robert Zubrin, a rocket scientist who helped design NASA’s plan to send astronauts to Mars, told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “They know this, which is why they are developing anti-satellite capabilities,” Zubrin said. China successfully destroyed one of its own satellites in 2007, and likely tested a ground-based missile launch system to destroy orbiting objects in 2013. “The Obama administration thought they could prevent such development by setting a ‘good example’ and not doing so ourselves,” Zubrin said. “This has not worked.” The Trump administration seems interested in maintaining space dominance. The U.S. Air Force requested $7.75 billion, a 20 percent increase, in their space budget from last year. Much of this increase will be spent on these five weapons, which could win a space war. 1: Boeing XS-1 Hypersonic Spaceplane The military’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) program is having Boeing build the X-1 spacecraft, which will be capable of lifting a payload into orbit and returning to Earth to land on a runway. The XS-1 can launch Department of Defense (DOD) satellites into low Earth orbits with only a few hours’ notice. Current rockets take months to launch satellites. “We need to have the capability to take out adversarial satellites, to protect our satellites from adversarial antisatellite vehicles to the maximum extent possible, and to quickly replace our losses,” Zubrin said. “Only thus can we maintain space superiority, let alone achieve space supremacy.” DARPA predicts that the XS-1 could operate with costs under $5 million per launch. In comparison, some of NASA’s Space Shuttle launches cost $1.5 billion, while the more modern Falcon 9 rocket created by the private corporation SpaceX costs $54 million per launch. If the program is successful, DARPA plans to develop commercial spin-offs. 2: Global Positioning System And Targeting Satellites  The U.S. military relies on a network of Global Positioning System (GPS) satellites to provide precision navigation, communications, weather monitoring and to find intelligence assets. But those satellites could be vulnerable to Chinese and Russian weapons, according to General John Hyten, commander of U.S. Strategic Command. “Despite world interest in avoiding militarization of space, potential adversaries have identified the use of space as an advantage for U.S. military forces, and are actively fielding systems to deny our use of space in a conflict,” Hyten wrote in a white paper published in July. “Securing our right to use space is simply an extension of an age old principle to guarantee use of global commons.” Zubrin said that the U.S. should work to maintain, if not expand, its satellite network and protect it from attack. “If they had a monopoly advantage of the 100-fold increase in accuracy afforded by GPS-guided munitions, then Poland’s 1000 tanks would be able to defeat an opponent possessing an armored force 10 times their size,” Zubrin said. “Only thus can Europe be made defensible.” 3:  Air Force’s X-37B Drone Spacecraft The U.S. Air Force is operating at least two X-37B space drones capable of remaining in orbit for years. It isn’t clear what the drones do in space since missions and payloads are classified, but a space drone fleet could change the strategic calculus. It would also allow the military to achieve space superiority over rivals with very few causalities. “The US is not going to go to nuclear war to protect Latvia, or Poland, or Taiwan, or Korea, or even Germany,” Zubrin said. “We need to be able to fight conventional wars against opponents who are prepared to take much heavier losses than Americans would consider acceptable. The only way we can do this is to have space superiority.” 4: Reconnaissance Satellites Intelligence and reconnaissance satellites give the US. military a big advantage over other countries, which would be a war-winning advantage. “If reconnaissance satellites had been exclusively available to the Axis during World War II, the Japanese would have won the battle of Midway by seeing the American fleet first, sinking our carriers with a first strike and then wiping out the rest of the fleet at their leisure,” Zubrin said. “The U-boats would have won the Battle of the Atlantic, so Britain would have been starved into surrender. All Soviet tank concentrations would have been seen on the steppe and wiped out from the air before they could attack. In short, the Axis would have won.” The Air Force pledged to invest $6.6 billion into protecting satellites over the next six years, but the service could spend upwards of $10 billion on space operations from combined public and classified budgets last year, according to The Air Force Times. “[We must] have low cost [and] quick launch capabilities to replace losses,” Zubrin said. “If we are fighting against serious opponents, we must be able to take and replace losses.” 5: Space Based Anti-Nuclear Interceptor Defense contractor Raytheon announced plans in December to develop a space-based defensive anti-missile weapon called a “Multi-Object Kill Vehicle” (MOKVs). Raytheon believes it can load several MOKVs onto rockets, then deploy them in space or launch them from the ground. MOKVs would have a steering and propulsion system to slam into an incoming nuclear weapon, destroying it with kinetic force. Raytheon and other defense contractors, like Lockheed-Martin and Boeing, have already received contracts from the U.S. Missile Defense Agency to begin designing MOKVs. This method could destroy several incoming missiles in space with a single launch, making it more economical to defend against nuclear weapons than to attack with them. The Missile Defense Agency plans to conduct the firsts intercept test in 2019, according to Live Science. Follow Andrew on Twitter Send tips to andrew@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Boeing, Department of Defense, John Hyten, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Robert Zubrin, The Air Force Time Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed Transgender Athlete Beats Girls But Would’ve Placed Last Against Boys [VIDEO] Saudis Spent $270K At Trump Hotel In Lobbying Campaign Against 9/11 Bill An Inconvenient Review: After 10 Years Al Gore’s Film Is Still Alarmingly Inaccurate NY Times Forgets To Mention These Inconvenient Facts In Immigration Piece CNN’s Sally Kohn Wants To Fight Terrorism With ‘Tolerance’ And ‘Political Correctness’ Obama’s Decisions Doomed The Paris Climate Accord To Failure In The US, Experts Say Two Days Before Terror Attacks, London Mayor Called Global Warming ‘One Of The Biggest Risks To Humanity’ Fox News’ Chris Wallace Confronts Al Gore With His Failed Global Warming Predictions [VIDEO] An Inconvenient Review: After 10 Years Al Gore’s Film Is Still Alarmingly Inaccurate MSNBC Host: Could London Police ‘Overreact’ To Terror? [VIDEO] Man Smokes Cannabis Joint, Cuts Off Penis, Stabs Mom Repeatedly MSNBC Anchor Wonders If Trump Trying To Provoke A Terror Attack To Prove A Point [VIDEO] Here’s The Man Who Helps High-Profile Conservatives When The Left Attacks [VIDEO] CNN Host Who Ate Human Brain Says Trump Is An ‘Embarrassment To Humankind’ Thousands Of Canadian ‘Deplorables’ March To Support Trump And Oppose Trudeau Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Boeing's New Missile Too Good for the US Navy? Citing spec changes, Boeing abandons NAVAIR's search for a new over-the-horizon missile. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 27, 2017 at 10:13AM For at least two years now, the U.S. Navy has been trying to pick a new missile: long-range, affordably priced, and key to the Navy's new doctrine of "distributed lethality." The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) is choosing among three separate systems to provide its Littoral Combat Ships with an over-the-horizon (OTH) ability to strike targets at long range. For at least two years now, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has been developing a new missile to meet the Navy's needs -- a "Block II Plus Harpoon" missile. Carrying a 300-pound warhead roughly 60% the size of a standard Harpoon, and sporting a brand-new engine, the new missile boasts an advertised range of 134 nautical miles. That's twice the range of Boeing's preceding version of Harpoon, and a longer range than offered by a competing Naval Strike Missile (NSM) from Raytheon (NYSE:RTN), although it pales in comparison to Lockheed Martin's (NYSE:LMT) Long-Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM), which also boasts a bigger warhead. Boeing's Harpoon missile has set sail aboard Navy warships for decades -- but for how much longer? Image source: NAVAIR. But here's the most serious impediment to Boeing winning the NAVAIR contract: Boeing has decided not to bid on it at all. Boeing takes ball, goes home As reported earlier this month on DefenseNews.com, Boeing has pulled its bid from the competition, citing "Navy changes" to the requirements for its new missile. Says Boeing, "every iteration of the [Navy's request for proposals cut] the top-level requirements" for the new missile. In particular, Boeing said the Navy is no longer requiring that contractors offer it an "all-weather" missile, nor one that is "net-enabled" such that it could be guided to target by units other than the one that fired it. This, says Boeing, means that in any review of its bid, the company would not receive "credit to the full capabilities of the" new Harpoon. "We've taken a hard look at that," lamented Boeing, and decided in the end "that at this point it doesn't make sense for the Boeing Company to bid on this." In other words, the Harpoon that Boeing designed for one set of Navy requirements now exceeds the revised requirements to such an extent that other bidders would likely undercut it on price by offering less capable weapons. If that's the case, Boeing could lose this game before it even begins -- so Boeing has decided not to play. What it means to Boeing That's a logical reaction, but it's still bad news for Boeing -- and maybe even worse news than many investors realize. If Boeing had succeeded in winning the OTH missile contract, the company could count on revenue from outfitting as many as 40 planned Littoral Combat Ships with missiles. (How much revenue will depend on how many OTH missiles can eventually be crammed onto each ship -- which currently aren't equipped to carry them. But it would probably run to the tens or hundreds of millions.) More important, though, in winning OTH, Boeing would very likely have been hired to upgrade existing Harpoon stockpiles (7,500 Harpoons have been sold around the world over the past four decades) to the new Harpoon configuration -- a project that could yield billions of dollars of new revenue. While these prospects haven't disappeared entirely, and Boeing says it still expects to sell surface-to-surface, as well as submarine-launched and air-launched variants of its newest Harpoon, the added boost to the new missile's popularity that an OTH win would have given Boeing will be sorely missed. What it means to Raytheon and Lockheed Martin Conversely, Boeing's exit from the OTH competition is very good news for its former rivals, Raytheon (and its Norwegian partner, Kongsberg) and Lockheed Martin. Here's why: Boeing may think that the Navy's changing requirements turned Harpoon into more missile than the Navy wanted to buy, and might have hurt the missile's ability to compete on price. But in fact, the numbers I'm seeing suggest that Harpoon would have posed a very real threat to both Raytheon's and Lockheed's offerings. Consider: Boeing estimated the cost of its improved Harpoon at $1.2 million, or roughly equivalent to a current-model Harpoon. For comparison, the U.S. Government Accountability Office estimates LRASM's cost at about $3 million per unit -- significantly more expensive than Harpoon. At the same time, other sources suggest that Raytheon's NSM would cost about half of LRASM's cost, implying a price tag of perhaps $1.5 million. Conclusion: Despite offering capabilities superior to what the Navy is now looking for, it appears that Boeing's Harpoon would still have cost less than offerings from Lockheed and Raytheon, and have had a good chance of winning the OTH competition -- had Boeing decided to proceed. Whatever the company's real reason for backing out, the fact that Boeing is backing out is very good news for its erstwhile competitors. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 27, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $190.23 up $2.91 (1.55%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $163.28 up $0.05 (0.03%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $281.76 up $0.80 (0.28%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Boeing Wins Contract to Build DARPA XS-1 Experimental Space Plane Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Could NASA Beat SpaceX in the Next Space Race? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Boeing's New Missile Too Good for the US Navy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $RTN, $LMT
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) a $5.00 Price Target Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Boeing Co (BA) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mechanics Bank Trust Department decreased its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 5.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,049 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 300 shares during the period. Mechanics Bank Trust Department’s holdings in Boeing were worth $893,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $109,000. Finally, TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in Boeing during the third quarter valued at approximately $126,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 186.59 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $187.61. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $181.75 and its 200-day moving average is $168.41. The stock has a market cap of $112.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.99 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.74 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.04%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Boeing Co (BA) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/boeing-co-ba-stake-cut-by-mechanics-bank-trust-department.html. BA has been the subject of several research reports. TheStreet lowered shares of Boeing from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $162.00 price objective (up previously from $150.00) on shares of Boeing in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $157.84 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Buckingham Research lowered shares of Boeing from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $140.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In related news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total transaction of $2,840,601.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares in the company, valued at $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138 over the last quarter. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Herald photos of the week Sat May 27th, 2017 1:30am News A weekly collection of The Herald’s best images by staff photographers and others. Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→.   Juliana Cameron reacts to her Marysville Rotary Education Foundation scholarship Wednesday at Marysville Arts & Technology High School. (Kevin Clark / The Herald) Engineer Bill Rietkerk in front of a Boeing 747-8 in the Everett factory. Boeing has been building jetliners at Paine Field for 50 years, and Rietkerk has been with the company since the Everett plant was opened in 1967. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Brent Morgan of Absolute Construction Co. watches through a doorway as co-worker Eric Mahlman uses a backhoe and rope to pull a large chunk of ceiling and roof off a house in Lake Stevens. The house, known to some as the “spaceship house,” was built in 1983 near North Lakeshore Drive and Main Street. Long before the demolition was begun Monday, the house had fallen into disrepair and the owner finally decided to tear it down. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Jim Dygert of Lynnwood flies his dual-line stunt kite at Boxcar Park in Everett on Monday. “You’d have to go to the coast for a better place to fly,” he said. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Susan Russell, the Arts Council of Snohomish County’s first Artist of the Year in 1992, at work in Everett in 2010. Russell, who taught art for many years at Snohomish High School and in Marysville and Lake Stevens, died May 14 at her home in Portland. (Herald file / Michael O’Leary) Gayle and Brent Yeadon at their home, the former Mukilteo Presbyterian Church, in Mukilteo. The Yeadons spent 12 years renovating the church into a house and are now selling it for $2.1 million. (Daniella Beccaria / For the Herald) Music prodigy Elijah Croyle, 14, practices on an electric guitar at Valley View Middle School in Snohomish. He recently wrote a breezy Brazilian-style jazz samba, which was performed in March by a professional jazz band in Seattle. Elijah was there to explain his work. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Alert 5 Military Aviation News Search for: Boeing gets $89 million to integrate IRST Block II on Super Hornet The U.S. Navy is moving forward towards integrating the Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) on the Boeing Super Hornet fighter by giving Boeing a $89 million cost-plus-incentive-fee contract for a Block II design of the IRST. By Official U.S. Navy photo by Lt. Cmdr. Josh Hammond/Released (U.S. Navy) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Dan Gillian, who runs the Super Hornet program at Boeing, believes the company will “be building F/A-18s into the 2020s” based on the demand signals received. The funding will cover from initial design all the way to the preliminary design review stage. Boeing has to complete the work by April 2020. Click here for the full story Related Posts (Automatically Generated) Boeing close to decision whether to self-fund Super Hornet production line Boeing gets Super Hornet IRST development contract Super Hornet IRST cleared for low-rate initial production Boeing optimistic on a Super Hornet sale to Middle East Super Hornet Block 3 to de-emphasize on stealth, more on networking USN discovered issue with JHMCS training after Super Hornet crashed This entry was posted on Saturday, May 27th, 2017 at 11:58 and is filed under Navy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Subscribe: Entries | Comments Follow @alert5 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr   Jun » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Categories Air Defense Air Force Airshow Army Boeing Heritage Industry KC-X Marines MMRCA MQ-X Navy PAK-FA Research Space UAV Uncategorized © 2017. Alert 5. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & SimpleX theme.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The maiden voyage of the behemoth Space Launch System will be pushed back from November 2018 into at least 2019. (NASA) NASA’s delay of rocket launch puts competition in spotlight Fri May 26th, 2017 4:19pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Marco Santana, Orlando Sentinel ORLANDO, Fla. — NASA’s delay in ferrying astronauts to the moon comes as competition has heated up, with SpaceX and Boeing aiming to build passenger capsules and heavy-lift craft — and launch them from Florida — by the end of next year. “You can make a strong argument that NASA is in a space race with SpaceX right now,” said Ray Lugo, director of the University of Central Florida’s Space Institute. “The commercial guys have a much more streamlined process.” NASA recently announced that a maiden voyage of its behemoth Space Launch System would be pushed back from November 2018 into at least 2019, with human flight on SLS waiting until a second mission aimed at 2021. The delay followed a report from the Government Accountability Office that called the optimistic timeline “likely unachievable.” New launch target Trying to launch next year “is not in the best interest of the program, and we are in the process of establishing a new target in 2019,” NASA Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations William Gerstenmaier agreed in an April 12 response. The delay “is unfortunate, but not surprising,” said Phil Larson, an assistant dean at the University of Colorado who previously worked with SpaceX and who was former space policy adviser to President Barack Obama. “If you talk to folks in the agency, they all knew this was coming.” NASA relies heavily on a federal budget that fluctuates from year to year. The testing phase for its vehicles can take more time while dealing with layers of governmental approval. “People expect them to get it right every time because they have to explain when they don’t to 300 million Americans,” Lugo said. “So it’s hard to compare the two.” Private companies, like early-stage startup firms, can work directly with private financial backers or billionaire CEOs when making adjustments. That can include NASA as a client. Boeing and SpaceX Boeing and SpaceX have signed NASA contracts for the use of their crew capsules to send astronauts to the International Space Station. SpaceX’s Dragon 2 capsule is planned to run a test flight later this year and a crewed flight in May 2018. The company is preparing to send two private citizens around the moon next year, as well. SpaceX said last week that the mission remains on track — but CEO Elon Musk said at a news conference in February that they would prioritize the launch of astronauts for NASA if conflicts arose. Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner capsule has three major milestones scheduled for 2018: a test flight in June, a human test flight in August and a trip to the International Space Station in December. In April, the Denver Post reported that United Launch Alliance President and CEO Tory Bruno announced at a space symposium that the company wants to “develop a fleet of ‘space trucks’ to ferry people between Earth and moon.” The timing of that effort is unclear. A ULA spokeswoman declined comment. The term “space race” might be too strong, said Mary Lynne Ditmar, executive director of the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration. The nonprofit advocates for deep-space exploration. “The objectives of these players are really different,” Ditmar said. While NASA hopes to build infrastructure in space that will support deep-space exploration, she said, “SpaceX and ULA are both in the business of making money and bringing value to their investors and shareholders.” The SLS delays likely come from NASA’s tendency to play it safe, Space Florida President and CEO Frank Dibello said. Conservative approach “What you are hearing is NASA’s conservative risk-management approach,” Dibello said. “They want to make sure they are comfortable with the vehicle and make it safe for when they put humans in it. It’s a perfectly reasonable decision. “Schedules rarely slip to the left. They almost always slip to the right.” President Donald Trump had asked NASA to consider sending an astronaut on the November 2018 test flight, known as Exploration Mission 1. Lugo trusts that NASA officials believe their new 2019 timeline for Exploration Mission 1 but would likely not be too hesitant to push that back if needed. “They try not to be too schedule-driven,” he said. “But they are also not ignorant of the fact that people expect them to hold a schedule. When you look at the pace SpaceX has been on, though, the people at NASA have to say that they look to be on schedule.”   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Defense Robotics Market 2015-2022: Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Focus on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Defense Robotics - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Defense Robotics in US$ Million by the following Robotics Platform Types: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) The report profiles 43 companies including many key and niche players such as AeroVironment, Inc. (USA) BAE Systems plc (UK) Boeing Company (USA) Boston Dynamics (USA) Clearpath Robotics Inc. (Canada) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) Endeavor Robotics (USA) General Atomics (USA) General Dynamics Corporation (USA) Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) (Israel) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) Northrop Grumman Corporation (USA) Oceaneering International, Inc. (USA) QinetiQ Group plc (UK) Saab AB (Sweden) Textron Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Robots: An Introductory Prelude Defense Robotics: The Unmanned Systems for Military Applications Northbound Trajectory in Global Military Spending Bodes Well for Defense Robotics Increased Complexity in Global Security Landscape Creates Conducive Environment Key Global Tensions of 2016: A Review Myriad Benefits Offered Enhance Market Prospects Reduced Number of Casualties High Precision & High Efficiency Fatigueless Functioning Support for Any Terrain Type Cost Benefits Positive Economic Scenario to Extend Growth Opportunities Global Market Outlook The US: Key Revenue Contributor Developing Regions Emerge as Hot Spots for Future Growth Competitive Scenario 2. MARKET TRENDS & GROWTH DRIVERS Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) Drive Momentum in Defense Robotics Market Select Widely Deployed Military UAVs: A Snapshot Small UAVs Gain Traction in Short-Range ISR Operations MALE & HALE UAVs Suffice Military Needs in Long-Range Tactical Missions Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicles (UCAV): An Emerging Segment Solar Powered UAV Elicit Increasing Interest Worldwide Futuristic UAV Designs Seek to Proliferate the Market Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) Enable Seamless Efficiency in Ground Operations Robotic Arms Enhance the Functionality of UGVs New Line of Ground Robots to Widen Market Prospects of UGVs Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMVs) Gain Critical Interest in Maritime Operations USVs Seek Bigger Role in Maritime Operations Resolving Technical Limitations: Critical for Future Success UUVs Make Steady Progress New R&D Programs Elevate Future Prospects of UUVs AUV Drive Growth in UUV Segment Guidance Technologies: The Backbone for Defense Robotics GPS Renders Unmatched Proficiency in Route Navigation Collaboration with Manned Systems: The New Focus Areas 3. PRODUCT/TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW Robots Technological Evolution Path of Service Robots General Classification of Robots Industrial Robots Service Robots Defense/Military Robots Classification of Defense Robots Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Surface Vessels (USV) Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) Electronic Components for Defense Robots Components of Defense Robot System Major Applications of Military Robots Reconnaissance & Surveillance Target Identification & Designation Counter-Mine Warfare 4. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS AeroVironment Rolls Out Snipe Boeing Unveils Echo Voyager UUV BAE Systems Develops Jetstream 3 Unmanned Aircraft UIMC Unveils Razvedchik and Korsar Unmanned Aerial Systems 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY Boeing to Acquire Liquid Robotics Arlington Capital Establishes Endeavor Robotics Arlington Capital to Acquire iRobot's Defense & Security Business Delair-Tech Teams Up with ECA Group AeroVironment Bags Small UAS Contract in the Netherlands AeroVironment to Expand Operations in Australia AeroVironment to Deliver RQ-20A Puma AE Small UAS to the US Marine Corps 6. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 43 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 53) The United States (26) Canada (2) Europe (18) - France (5) - Germany (3) - The United Kingdom (4) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (5) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (4) Middle East (3) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wq2xrg/defense_robotics Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defense-robotics-market-2015-2022-global-strategic-business-report-2017---focus-on-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-uav-unmanned-marine-vehicles-umv-and-unmanned-ground-vehicles-ugv---research-and-markets-300464456.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 18:15 ET Preview: Artificial Implants - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Artificial Implants on High Growth Trajectory - Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 17:45 ET Preview: Global Electronic Components Strategic Business Report 2017: Product Introductions/Technology Developments and Focus on Select Global Players - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Electronic Design Automation Computer Software Publishing & Information Services You just read: Defense Robotics Market 2015-2022: Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Focus on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Here’s your Sunday roundup of the region’s biggest traffic headaches. Boeing & Aerospace Business Local News Local Politics Aerospace tax incentives saved Boeing $242 million last year Originally published May 26, 2017 at 3:26 pm Updated May 26, 2017 at 5:23 pm A worker emerges from the autoclave at Boeing’s massive new 777X composite wing center in Everett. (Ken Lambert/The Seattle Times) Boeing disclosed Friday that last year it saved $242 million thanks to Washington state’s aerospace industry tax incentives, $63 million less than the previous year. The figures indicate Boeing paid $68 million in B&O tax, the major portion of its state and local tax bill. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing disclosed Friday that last year it saved $242 million thanks to Washington state’s aerospace-industry tax incentives. That’s $63 million less than its state tax savings in 2015. The major elements of the tax savings were: • $100 million from the 40 percent reduction in the Business & Occupation (B&O) tax rate. Most Read Stories In Seattle, is it now taboo to be friends with a Republican? | Danny Westneat ‘There’s going to be a lot of dead gangsters’: Inside King County’s surging gang war Telemarketers, debt collectors fight to bypass ringtone on cellphones Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Police: Bottles, bricks thrown at officers near Portland rally; counter-protest shut down; at least 14 arrestedUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. • $82 million from B&O tax credits for activities related to setting up production equipment for the new 777X and the 737 MAX jets. • $23 million in a Sales & Use tax exemption for the purchase of construction material. Boeing did not disclose how much tax it actually paid in Washington state, but a portion of the taxes paid can be deduced. The $100 million tax saving from the 40 percent reduction in the B&O rate implies that Boeing would have been due to pay $250 million, before applying the reduction and the $82 million in tax credits. The result is that Boeing must have paid $68 million in B&O taxes, by far the largest portion of its total state and local tax bill. Because the regular B&O tax rate is 0.484 percent of total revenue, these figures also imply that Boeing’s 2016 revenue earned in the state was $51.7 billion. That’s 55 percent of the company’s total 2016 revenue of $94.6 billion, of which $65 billion was from Commercial Airplanes. Boeing disclosed the figures ahead of the holiday weekend, when the news is likely to get less attention. The jetmaker’s savings from the tax incentives have become controversial as it has steadily cut its workforce in the state since the fall of 2012. During 2016, Boeing eliminated almost 7,400 jobs in the state, mostly through attrition. And that trend is continuing this year. Through March, Boeing data show it has cut a further 1,241 jobs. When the April and May numbers are added, the figure will jump sharply. In April, 1,000 machinists who accepted a company buyout offer left the workforce. In releasing the tax savings data, Boeing made the case that its contribution to the state economy warrants the tax relief. The company said it invested a total of $13.5 billion in the state in 2016, counting its payroll; its purchases from in-state suppliers; its capital spending; its payment of state and local taxes; as well as $32 million in community charitable donations and $35 million in college tuition for state employees. Boeing’s capital investments in Washington include upgrades to the Renton site to facilitate 737 production rate increases and 737 MAX production; ongoing 777X infrastructure additions in Everett and Frederickson; and modifications and improvements for additive manufacturing processes and equipment at multiple production sites. “The $13.5 billion Boeing spent in Washington last year reaffirms that the aerospace tax incentives are working as envisioned,” Bill McSherry, vice president of government operations at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said in a statement. “We continue to invest in our future here.” Boeing is required to make the annual tax-savings disclosure after The Seattle Times last year challenged and successfully reversed an initial ruling by state tax officials that the information would not be made public for a decade. Consequently, Boeing’s tax savings over the past three years are now known. Before last year, it saved $217 million in 2014 and $305 million in 2015. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Boeing puts 737 up against small business jets for $6.9B defense contract Previous Story Former Seattle FAA official gets top aviation safety post, after a stint at industry group Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The gantry system is tested at the new 777x Composite Wing Center at Paine Field in Everett last year. Tax breaks enticed the Boeing Co. to locate the 777X assembly line in Washington. (Kevin Clark / Herald file) Boeing’s Washington tax-break savings in 2016: $242 million Jerry Cornfield Dan Catchpole Fri May 26th, 2017 8:08pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. OLYMPIA —The Boeing Co. boosted its investment in Washington in 2016 while garnering less tax savings from the state’s suite of incentives aimed at ensuring the aerospace company keeps making jets here. The firm saved $242 million on its 2016 state tax bill as a result of those tax breaks, $63 million less than it did in 2015, the company said in a news release Friday. Boeing spent an estimated $13.5 billion in the state last year, an increase of $500 million from 2015, the release said. Most of that spending was salaries and wages, purchases from local suppliers and capital investments for the 777X and 737 Max airplane programs, the company said in the news release. The total also includes “hundreds of millions of dollars” Boeing paid in state and local taxes, more than $32 million in community contributions and nearly $35 million in college tuition for Boeing employees in Washington. Boeing released the figures Friday, ahead of a required filing next week with the state Department of Revenue. “Whenever we look at tax incentives, it is important to understand the full story. We think this confirms the value the state taxpayers receive from Boeing’s presence,” said Bill McSherry, vice president of Government Operations for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “Even as we navigate a highly competitive global market, we are continuing to invest billions of dollars in the state.” Officials with two major aerospace worker unions focused Friday on the fewer number of Boeing employees in the state. They said the incentives are supposed to help maintain and increase employment in the industry but haven’t at Boeing. The company shaved 6,344 jobs in 2016, according to company records. It has issued nearly 1,200 layoff notices to workers in this state in 2017. “We continue to be extremely concerned about these tax breaks and the fact that the company employment is going down. That’s not what the taxpayers of Washington expected,” said Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA), which represents more than 20,000 Boeing engineers and technical workers. “Although the savings to Boeing appears to be less, the number of jobs at Boeing are as well,” said Larry Brown, political director for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers which represents more than 30,000 Boeing workers in Washington. Washington has an estimated 650 aerospace suppliers and 1,350 aerospace-related companies not named Boeing, according to the state Department of Commerce. State lawmakers enacted incentives for the aerospace industry in 2003 to land the 787 Dreamliner in Washington. They expanded and extended the tax breaks in 2013 to help convince Boeing to build its newest jetliner, the 777X, in the state. It is projected the extension will enable Boeing to save close to $8.7 billion in tax payments through 2040. Last year marked the first time the state required companies to disclose the value received from the aerospace incentives. Close to 300 companies reported claiming one or more of the incentives in 2015. Boeing’s $242 million in tax savings in 2016 included $100 million from a lower business-and-occupation tax rate, $82 million for a pre-production tax credit and $23 million from sales taxes waived for purchases of construction materials. By comparison, the company’s $305 million in savings in 2015 included $106 million for the pre-production credit and $51 million for the waived sales taxes. That year covered the bulk of Boeing’s investment in construction of the massive building where workers will make the wings for the 777X. The airplane maker delivered 748 commercial airplanes in 2016. That is slightly fewer than its record-high 762 deliveries in 2015. Boeing executives expect to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial jets this year. Even as Boeing has cranked up airplane production, it has cut its workforce by more than 13,600 since the beginning of 2016. Most of the job cuts have come through buyouts and attrition. Boeing has issued 1,162 layoff notices to Washington workers in 2017, according to state records. That tally includes some duplicate notices. Frustrated by the decline in their ranks, leaders of SPEEA and the Machinists union are working in Olympia to get terms of those incentives revised as they pertain to Boeing. Two bills have been introduced to increase the tax rate paid by Boeing if its workforce drops below certain levels. Both are awaiting action in the House Finance Committee. “We remain hopeful there will be some accountability added to the tax incentives the company is receiving,” Dugovich said. Jerry Cornfield: 360-352-8623; jcornfield@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dospueblos.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 69F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Launch of Boeing's Ground-based Midcourse Defense missile. Handout. U.S. to carry out first ICBM intercept test Reuters May 26, 2017 (…) Launch of Boeing's Ground-based Midcourse Defense missile. Handout. WASHINGTON • The United States will test an existing missile defense system to try to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) next week, U.S. officials said on Friday, at a time when North Korea is trying to develop one. The test, scheduled for Tuesday, is the first time the United States will try to intercept an ICBM. The United States has used the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system, managed by Boeing Co. and in place to counter attacks from rogue states such as North Korea, to intercept other types of missiles but never an ICBM. While U.S. officials believe Pyongyang is some years away from mastering re-entry expertise for perfecting an ICBM, it is making advances. This week the head of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency said that if left unchecked, North Korea is on an "inevitable" path to obtaining a nuclear-armed missile capable of striking the United States. The remarks are the latest indication of mounting U.S. concern about Pyongyang's advancing missile and nuclear weapons programs, which the North says are needed for self-defense. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives U.S. officials said that the test had been planned well in advance and was not in reaction to any specific event. The Missile Defense Agency said an interceptor based out of Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, one of 36 in California and Alaska, will be used in the test to shoot down a target similar to an ICBM over the Pacific Ocean. The system has carried out successful intercepts in nine out of 17 attempts dating back to 1999. The most recent test was in 2014. Last year a science advocacy group said the system has no proven capability to protect the United States.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Multimedia Shielded from Oversight May 26, 2017 (…) Tags Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Rocketry Military United States View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority Eyes on Centene to fill void after Obamacare insurer bails on parts of Missouri St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Exxon vote shows disappearing line between social and economic issues 5 tips for millennials who want to buy a house and keep their avocado toast Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Trudeau government forks over another $30M to keep Canada at F-35 table Partners compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts related to building and maintaining the jet fighter. May 26, 2017 by Lee Berthiaume Topics General Industries Aerospace Government Manufacturing Tags aerospace Boeing Bombardier. F-35 Lockheed manufacturing The stealthy F-35 war plane. Photo: Lockeed MartinOTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $30 million toward development of the F-35 – money that could become insurance in the trade dispute between US aerospace firm Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. The annual payment was made to the US military at the end of April, the Department of National Defence says, and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year. Canada has paid US$373 million into the program since 1997, National Defence spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in an e-mail. Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts associated with the building and maintaining F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane. That latter point wasn’t considered much of a benefit when Canada paid its annual instalment last year, as the Liberals had promised during the 2015 election not to buy the stealth fighter. The government instead went out of its way last July to highlight the potential benefits to Canada’s aerospace industry when explaining why it had decided to stick with the program. Those industrial benefits continue to accrue, Lamirande said, with Canadian companies having secured US$926 million in F-35-related contracts over the last 20 years – including US$114 million in the last year alone. But the trade dispute between Boeing, which builds Super Hornet fighter jets, the F-35’s main competitor, and Montreal-based Bombardier casts the decision to stick with the stealth-fighter program in a new light. Citing an urgent need for more fighter jets, the Liberal government announced last November plans to buy 18 “interim” Super Hornets until a competition could be held to replace Canada’s entire CF-18 fleet. But then last week, the government threatened to scrap the Super Hornet purchase after Boeing persuaded the US Department of Commerce to launch an investigation against Bombardier. Boeing alleges Bombardier sold its CSeries jets in the U.S. at an unfair discount thanks to subsidies from the Canadian government, while Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing. Many defence analysts and former air force officers have questioned whether “interim” fighter jets are needed and instead want an immediate competition to replace all of the CF-18s. But if more jets are truly needed on a short-term basis, the decision to stay at the F-35 table could be used to get a better deal on interim stealth fighters _ or even as a bargaining chip against Boeing. “If the government is in fact serious about re-evaluating its dealings with Boeing, then this could be part of showing that,” said defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute. “Because the F-35, at least in my mind, would be a possible alternative if the government remains committed to buying separate interim aircraft.” Three other alternatives exist – the Saab Gripen, Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault Rafale – but all are made by European companies and the government has emphasized the need for a US design. Lockheed Martin, the company behind the F-35, has remained relatively quiet about the government’s plan to buy interim Super Hornets, but is now chomping at the bit for a chance to fill any potential gap. The US company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions,” spokeswoman Cindy Tessier said, adding that Lockheed has partnered with Bombardier on another military project. The government is providing little information as to what next steps it might take as the dispute between Boeing and Bombardier continues to play out. Boeing, for its part, has emphasized its longstanding relationship with Canada, even as representatives from its defence division have scrambled to meet and smooth the edges with Canadian officials. The US International Trade Commission, which heard arguments from both aerospace companies in a hearing last week, isn’t expected to issue a ruling until June 12. The US Department of Commerce would then decide whether to penalize Bombardier. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts A timeline of efforts to replace Canada’s CF 18 fighter jets Cabinet could decide fighter jet purchase plan by today Sajjan going back to drawing board on fighter jets Trudeau government to table budget March 22 amid Trump uncertainty Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website AER to reconsider Suncor tailings plan it rejected Free trade, climate among issues on Trudeau agenda at G7 in Italy Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending Wynne government to announce Ontario labour laws update today SpaceX taking recycling all the way to orbit with cargo ship Boeing says trade row with Bombardier to prevent larger CSeries Ex Ford CEO Fields leaves automaker with $51.1 million Aurora Sky rolls a big one Do young workers suffer first from increased payroll taxes? Federal government set to help softwood industry with $1B aid package Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Politics newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Politics Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada PoliticsNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Theresa May Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism In Britain 1 Trump Goes After London Mayor Sadiq Khan After Terror Attack 19 London Terror Attacks: Canadians Urged To Be Cautious, Trudeau Sends Message Of Support 3 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business The Home Stretch: Why Hiring A Random Guy Off The Street Is Not A Sound Renovation Strategy 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Twin Baby Names: Unique Ideas For Monikers That Don't Start With The Same Letter 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Ariana Grande Manchester Fundraiser: Justin Bieber Delivers Emotional Speech, Sings 'Cold Water' At Concert 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style An Important Lesson About Jeans For Men 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Ben Stiller And Christine Taylor Split After 17 Years Of Marriage 0 Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ 0 A 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Set Features Around $2 Million In Snacks 0 Channing Tatum And Adam Driver Are Your New Favorite Criminals 0 Eddie Vedder And Guns N' Roses Pay Tribute To Chris Cornell During Europe Concerts 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Hogwarts: A History Of 'Harry Potter' Theories 0 J.K. Rowling Echoes Brutal Message To Our Climate Change Ignorant President 0 24 'Harry Potter' Superfans Share The Stories Behind Their Magical Ink 0 9 Other Superheroines Who Deserve Their Own Movie Adaptations 0 Lawsuit Accuses Glass Artist Dale Chihuly Of Plagiarizing Work 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil 0 Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Vancouver Aquarium Treating Rescued Seal Pups 4 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Politics Videos Parliament of Canada Althia Raj on Facebook UK Politics US Politics Bieber Delivers Emotional Message At Ariana Grande Fundraiser 'Enough Is Enough': Britain Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism Trump Goes After 'Politically Correct' London Mayor After Attack 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil Canadian Victim Of London Attack 'Had Room In Her Heart For Everyone' Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores Canadians Urged To Be Cautious After London Attacks Previous Story Next Story Liberals Quietly Pay Another $30M To Develop F-35 Jet They Pledge Not To Buy CP  |  By Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian Press Posted: 05/26/2017 9:21 am EDT Updated: 05/26/2017 9:38 am EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $30 million toward development of the F-35 — money that could become insurance in the trade dispute between U.S. aerospace firm Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier. The annual payment was made to the U.S. military at the end of April, the Department of National Defence says, and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year. Canada has paid US$373 million into the program since 1997, National Defence spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in an email. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan takes part in a press conference at the NATO summit in Brussels, Belgium on May 25, 2017. (Photo: Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press) Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars worth of contracts associated with the building and maintaining F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane. That latter point wasn't considered much of a benefit when Canada paid its annual instalment last year, as the Liberals had promised during the 2015 election not to buy the stealth fighter. The government instead went out of its way last July to highlight the potential benefits to Canada's aerospace industry when explaining why it had decided to stick with the program. Those industrial benefits continue to accrue, Lamirande said, with Canadian companies having secured US$926 million in F-35-related contracts over the last 20 years — including US$114 million in the last year alone. Liberals seek 'interim' Super Hornets But the trade dispute between Boeing, which builds Super Hornet fighter jets, the F-35's main competitor, and Montreal-based Bombardier casts the decision to stick with the stealth-fighter program in a new light. Citing an urgent need for more fighter jets, the Liberal government announced last November plans to buy 18 "interim" Super Hornets until a competition could be held to replace Canada's entire CF-18 fleet. But then last week, the government threatened to scrap the Super Hornet purchase after Boeing persuaded the U.S. Department of Commerce to launch an investigation against Bombardier. Boeing alleges Bombardier sold its CSeries jets in the U.S. at an unfair discount thanks to subsidies from the Canadian government, while Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing. A better deal down the road? Many defence analysts and former air force officers have questioned whether "interim" fighter jets are needed and instead want an immediate competition to replace all of the CF-18s. But if more jets are truly needed on a short-term basis, the decision to stay at the F-35 table could be used to get a better deal on interim stealth fighters — or even as a bargaining chip against Boeing. "If the government is in fact serious about re-evaluating its dealings with Boeing, then this could be part of showing that," said defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute. "Because the F-35, at least in my mind, would be a possible alternative if the government remains committed to buying separate interim aircraft." Also on HuffPost Canada: Close  Current MPs With Military Experience (2016) of   Party: Liberal Riding: Vancouver South, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, British Columbia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel, Canadian Forces; Aide de Camp, Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Party: Liberal Riding: Aurora--Oak Ridges--Richmond Hill, Ontario Military Organization and Titles: Logistics Officer, Canadian Forces (Air Force), retiring with the rank of Captain Party: Liberal Riding: Orléans, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Chief of Transformation, Canadian Forces; Chief of Staff, Canadian Forces (Army); Deputy Commander, International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, Afghanistan; Commander, Land Force Doctrine and Training System; Commander, Land Force Command; Director of Command, Control, Communications and Computer Systems, Canadian Forces; Commander, 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group; Colonel, Canadian Forces (Army); Member, 1st Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Horse Artillery; Member, 30th Field Artillery Regiment Party: NDP Riding: Abitibi--Témiscamingue, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Officer Cadet, Canadian Forces (Army), and Corporal, 52nd Field Ambulance Party: Conservative Riding: Durham, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Forces; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force; Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 8 Wing (Trenton, Ontario); Air Navigator, Royal Canadian Air Force 17 Wing (Winnipeg, Manitoba); Captain, Royal Canadian Air Force 423 Squadron (Shearwater, Nova Scotia); Training Officer, Royal Canadian Air Force 406 Squadron (Reserve) Party: Conservative Riding: Beauport--Limoilou, Quebec Military Organization and Past Title: Master Bombardier, 6th Field Artillery Brigade Party: Bloc Quebecois Riding: Terrebonne, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Infantry Officer, Royal 22e Régiment Party: Conservative Riding: Charlesbourg--Haute-Saint-Charles, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commandant, Regiment de la Chaudière, and Officer, Canadian Forces (Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Kelowna--Lake Country, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Flight Commander, Canadian Forces Instrument Check Pilot School; Officer, 2nd Canadian Forces Flight Training School; Major, 1st Canadian Air Division; Flight instructor, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Westmount--Ville-Marie, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Captain, Canadian Forces (Navy) and Combat Systems Engineer, Canadian Forces (Navy) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg Centre, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Petty Officer 2nd class, Royal Canadian Navy; Sergeant-at-Arms, 5th Valcartier Field Ambulance, Member, Canadian Forces (Navy Reserve) Party: Liberal Riding: Winnipeg North, Manitoba Military Organization and Past Titles: Air Traffic Controller, Canadian Forces (Air Force) Party: Liberal Riding: Kanata--Carleton, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Lieutenant-Colonel, 429 Transport Squadron; Air Navigator, Canadian Forces (Air Force); Member, Windsor Regiment (RCAC) and Royal Canadian Army Cadets Party: Liberal Riding: Pitt Meadows--Maple Ridge, British Columbia Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Canadian Army Reserve Force Party: Liberal Riding: Ville-Marie--Le Sud-Ouest--Île-des-Soeurs, Quebec Military Organization and Past Titles: Commander, Canadian Infantry Party: Liberal Riding: Brampton Centre, Ontario Military Organization and Past Titles: Member, Indian Air Force UP NEXT: Unseen Sides Of The Afghan War Check out a selection of photographs from Razistan below showing the unseen sides of the war. Mussa Ahmadi, an 18-year-old heroin addict in Kabul. Photo: Sandra Calligaro A refugee camp on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonte Wentzel Outdoor school for children in eastern Afghanistan. Photo: Jacob Simkin Afghan National Army recruits on a night-time training exercise. Photo: Joel van Houdt Fahim Bash rehearses in his studio in Kabul's musicians' neighborhood on Koche Kharabat Road. Photo: Lorenzo Tugnoli Audience members at Afghan Star, a popular Afghan television show. Photo: John Wendle A Pashtun man and his wife visit the doctor. Photo: Mikhail Galustov Soldier in a sandstorm in Northern Afghanistan. Photo: Joel van Houdt The cast and crew of the production "Doste" film a scene on the outskirts of Kabul. Photo: Jonathan Saruk/Getty Images An Afghan commando on patrol in Helmand Province. Photo: Pieter ten Hoopen  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide Three other alternatives exist — the Saab Gripen, Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault Rafale — but all are made by European companies and the government has emphasized the need for a U.S. design. Lockheed Martin, the company behind the F-35, has remained relatively quiet about the government's plan to buy interim Super Hornets, but is now chomping at the bit for a chance to fill any potential gap. The U.S. company "would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions," spokeswoman Cindy Tessier said, adding that Lockheed has partnered with Bombardier on another military project. The government is providing little information as to what next steps it might take as the dispute between Boeing and Bombardier continues to play out. Boeing, for its part, has emphasized its longstanding relationship with Canada, even as representatives from its defence division have scrambled to meet and smooth the edges with Canadian officials. The U.S. International Trade Commission, which heard arguments from both aerospace companies in a hearing last week, isn't expected to issue a ruling until June 12. The U.S. Department of Commerce would then decide whether to penalize Bombardier. More: cp f-35 liberals Harjit Sajjan Harjit Sajjan f-35 justin trudeau f-35 program canada fighter jets Canada F-35 costs canada f-35 program Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Politics Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Politics Twitter HuffPost Follow Politics Follow Google Plus HuffPost Politics RSS The Huffington Post Politics All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Politics Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Advertise With Us Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers United Electronic Industries - High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications High-Density, Rugged Data Acquisition for Airforce Applications Suppliers 3W International - Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Heavy-Fuel and Gas Engines for Unmanned Aircraft Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 26 2017 DARPA and Boeing team up to build spaceplane for US military The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and Boeing have teamed up to design, build and test a technology demonstration vehicle for Boeing's Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) programme. The programme seeks to demonstrate the technology required to construct and fly a reusable aircraft that could perform a variety of military and commercial missions such as responsive launch, hypersonic flight test and global reach intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). Through the collaboration, Boeing will develop a spaceplane called Phantom Express to enable faster, more affordable small military and commercial satellite launches. The autonomous, reusable spaceplane will have the ability to carry and deploy a small expendable upper stage to launch small satellites, weighing 1,361kg, into low-Earth orbit. After reaching the edge of space, Phantom Express will deploy the second stage and return to Earth. "Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk." Boeing Phantom Works president Darryl Davis said: “Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk.” The Phantom Express will be powered by Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, which runs on liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen fuel. This spaceplane is said to provide an advanced airframe design and third-generation thermal protection to create a vehicle capable of flying at high flight velocity, while carrying a smaller, more affordable expendable upper stage to achieve the mission objectives. Boeing and DARPA plan to conduct ten test flights of Phantom Express for ten days, during the test phase of the programme. Image: Artist’s concept of Phantom Express preparing to launch its expendable second stage on the top of the vehicle. Photo: courtesy of Boeing. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards By Published: May 26, 2017 12:30 a.m. ET Share The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety News provided by National Safety Council 26 May, 2017, 00:30 ET Share this article ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Related Links http://www.nsc.org 30 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Chicago Skyline to Turn Green for Safety During National Safety Month 18 May, 2017, 12:14 ET Preview: More than 400 People May Be Killed in Car Crashes During Memorial Day Weekend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 30 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Preventable Deaths Increase during Summer Months Says National... 30 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Chicago Skyline to Turn Green for Safety During National Safety... Explore More news releases in similar topics Awards Public Safety Not For Profit You just read: National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards News provided by National Safety Council 26 May, 2017, 00:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards The Boeing Company, PotashCorp and Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen recognized for outstanding commitment to safety ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. "PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live," said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. "We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council's goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime." PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council's flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube SOURCE National Safety Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Not For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 1791 Supply & Co Announces Its First Show & Shop in Las Colinas, TX Next PostNext Hope Fest Hopes to Raise More Than Awareness To Fight The Opioid Epidemic Search Recent Posts Westinghouse et Boilermakers concluent un nouveau contrat Poor farmer’s Fungal Skin Condition gets approval from WHO as ‘neglected’ after lobbying by GAFFI 世界首创基于基因组的共享型经济平台‘MGB(mygenomebox),’ 利用DNA App在CES Asia 2017运营全新生活体验区 Global Magnetic Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Calcitriol (CAS 32222-06-3) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  Iran ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading U.S. Treasury Eyes More Sanctions On Iran, Reviews Aircraft Sales In-Depth Coverage RFE/RL May 25, 2017 The U.S. Treasury chief told Congress on May 24 that he is looking for ways to increase sanctions on Iran, including by reviewing licenses the Treasury previously granted to Boeing and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran. "We will use everything within our power to put additional sanctions on Iran, Syria, and North Korea to protect American lives," Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said in testimony to the House Ways and Means Committee. "I can assure you that's a big focus of mine and I discuss it with the president," he said, adding that the Trump administration is convinced that sanctions "really work." Mnuchin did not elaborate on the department's review of the aircraft sale licenses, which were issued by the Treasury last year under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift economic sanctions in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear activities. His statements followed President Donald Trump's call on Iran to stop funding "terrorists and militias" during a trip this week to the Middle East. The Boeing aircraft sale was the biggest deal for a U.S. business contemplated in the landmark nuclear accord, while the Airbus sales were also among the largest business deals to come out of the agreement. IranAir has agreed to buy 200 U.S. and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing and 100 from Airbus. All the aircraft need U.S. licenses because of their reliance on U.S. parts. Most of Iran's aging fleet of 250 commercial planes were purchased before 1979, and only 162 were operational last year, with the rest grounded because of a lack of spare parts. Iran has said that halting the aircraft sales would breach the nuclear agreement, though some legal experts say the Treasury has the authority to withdraw the licenses. For Boeing, losing the IranAir deal could force it to cut back production of its 777 passenger jetliners. "Boeing continues to follow the lead of the U.S. government with regards to working with Iran's airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran's airlines are contingent upon U.S. government approval," a spokeswoman told Reuters by e-mail. With reporting by Reuters, Times of Israel, and Press TV Source: https://www.rferl.org/a/us-treasury-eyes-more- sanctions-iran-reviews-boeing-airbus-sales-mnuchin/28507907.html Copyright (c) 2017. RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave., N.W. Washington DC 20036. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project The Boeing Company was chose by DARPA to continue development process their version of future space plane known under XS-1 codename.  Boeing has been chosen from group of other companies which unfortunately did not reached advanced design work phase. Projects presented by Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Masten Space Systems have Phase 1 have not met acceptance of DARPA. Boeing will now continue development of their vehicle through two other phases of development until first flight and putting vehicle into mass production. DARPA announced about decision on May 24. XS-1 project started in 2013. Main objective was to create space plane able to fly ten times daily in a row; each time it should deliver to trajectory orbit 1800 kg of payload for Department of Defense. It should operate without crew Read more => DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project CategoriesUncategorized Tags(U.S.) Air Force, Boeing, DARPA, Masten, Northrop, X-37, XS-1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP Next PostNext Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with The Highest Success Rate in The Industry, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets How to drive content engagement on every platform XRF Analysers Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Wireless Router Market: 2017 Global Trend and 2022 Forecast Research Report Global Vacuum Pumps Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Monika Donimirska DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS The Boeing Company was chose by DARPA to continue development process their version of future space plane known under XS-1 codename.  Boeing has been chosen from group of other companies which unfortunately did not reached advanced design work phase. Projects presented by Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Masten Space Systems have Phase 1 have not met acceptance of DARPA. Boeing will now continue development of their vehicle through two other phases of development until first flight and putting vehicle into mass production. DARPA announced about decision on May 24. XS-1 project started in 2013. Main objective was to create space plane able to fly ten times daily in a row; each time it should deliver to trajectory orbit 1800 kg of payload for Department of Defense. It should operate without crew and each flight should not cost more than $5 million. Space plane should be able to reach 12.5 Ma speed with construction combining composite materials and alloys. Boeing remains one of the most experienced companies if we consider creating space planes. U.S. Air Force successfully uses their X-37 vehicle for long term space missions since 2010. Company surely will use their experience and maybe even some solutions designed for X-37 during development process of XS-1. At the moment main construction detail well known is propulsion – Aerojet Rocketdyne will deliver to XS-1 their AR-22 engine for the vehicle. XS-1 will be delivered to certain altitude on the top of the reusable booster and later it will be deployed and continuing flight with its own engine.  If we consider that X-37 start mass is around 5000 kg and payload mass of XS-1 should be 1800 kg we can assume that it will be larger comparing to its predecessor with dimensions of business jet. Read more at DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tags(U.S.) Air Force, Boeing, DARPA, Masten, Northrop, X-37, XS-1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Liberal Government can take immediate steps to improve the lives of millions through the Changing Workplaces Review, says OFL Next PostNext Stingray Grows its Music Video TV Channel Portfolio Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program Boeing Advances to Fabrication, Flight Test Phases of DARPA Experimental Spaceplane Program Anna Forrester May 26, 2017 Press Releases 111 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, May 26, 2017 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) will design, build and test a demonstration spacecraft for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in support of efforts to use a hypersonic aircraft that would bring national security payloads to space with less cost and time spent, ExecutiveBiz reported Thursday. DARPA said Wednesday it selected Boeing’s initial design for the Experimental Spaceplane or XS-1 program that seeks to establish a low-cost and short-notice way to launch satellites. The company will proceed to advanced design, fabrication and flight activities under Phases 2 and 3 of the program. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing DARPA Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Experimental Spaceplane govcon hypersonic aircraft space XS-1 Related Articles Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient June 2, 2017 Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft June 2, 2017 NTT Data to Offer Drone Operations, Traffic Management Software in October June 2, 2017 Check Also Mitre Appoints New Director for CMS Alliance to Modernize Healthcare FFRDC TYSONS CORNER, VA, June 2, 2017 — Mitre has appointed a former chief information officer and senior … IBM, Cisco to Collaborate, Integrate Tech for Joint Effort Against Cyber Threats TYSONS CORNER, VA, June 2, 2017 — IBM (NYSE: IBM) has entered into a partnership … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again June 2, 2017 Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient June 2, 2017 Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft June 2, 2017 GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Opportunities in the Unmanned Systems Marketplace June 2, 2017 NTT Data to Offer Drone Operations, Traffic Management Software in October June 2, 2017 Vectrus Lands $212M Army Contract Modification for Comms & Info Systems Support May 30, 2017 923 Tableau Software’s Sean Brophy: Agencies Should Advance Citizen Engagement Through Data Access May 30, 2017 459 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 386 Julie Bowen Promoted to Mitre SVP; Jason Providakes Comments May 30, 2017 255 DynCorp Wins $124M Contract for Logistics Support to Govt-Owned Transport Aircraft June 1, 2017 212 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics GovCon Index nyse news financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CSRA Pursues NES Acquisition as CFO David Keffer Previews FY 2018 Growth Strategy Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments @Follow Me New post: June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again https://t.co/BJrTTgbjUn1 hour ago New post: Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient https://t.co/NRhXjgs4fl3 hours ago New post: Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft https://t.co/VtolXGVkde3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Monarch Airlines acquires 737 ‘trainer’ Monarch Airlines acquires 737 ‘trainer’ May 26, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Picture Gallery: This Week in Aviation News-May 22-26, 2017 Advertisement UK low-cost carrier (LCC) Monarch Airlines has taken delivery of a Boeing 737-800 as it starts to prepare for the arrival of its 737 MAX 8s next year. The London Luton-based airline is currently an Airbus A320/A321 operator, but is scheduled to start moving to the Boeing narrowbody in spring 2018. It has now acquired a single 737-800 from Turkish LCC Pegasus Airlines to act as a “bridge” to the new type, enabling crews to start to become familiar with it. “The aircraft will operate commercially, but it will also be used extensively for training,” a Monarch spokesman said. The aircraft flew to the UK May 18 and will enter service shortly. Monarch at present operates 25 A321s and nine A320s; the LCC ordered 30 MAX 8s at the 2014 Farnborough International Airshow. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles UK’s Monarch Airlines owner considers options   Monarch Airlines finalizes order for 30 Boeing 737 MAX 8s   Monarch Airlines commits to 30 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft   Greybull completes Monarch acquisition; plans to cut 700 jobs   Hainan Airlines to add 13 787-9s and six 737 MAX 8s Blogs & Commentary Jun 1, 2017 blog Trump’s withdrawal from Paris is bad news for the ICAO emissions deal The hard truth is that CORSIA 'complements' Paris. The two agreements are inexorably linked....More May 29, 2017 blog The bigger questions of British Airways’ IT meltdown As with all disasters, natural or man-made, there comes a time for mopping up, analysis and self- examination. What was learned? How can this be avoided again? That’s where British Airways sits now, as schedules return to normal after the IT meltdown that essentially shut down its London Heathrow and Gatwick operations over the weekend....More May 25, 2017 blog Just get it right ​ Every day there is a new headline about an airline getting it wrong, but a recent study revealed that North American passengers are apparently happier than ever....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location IATA AGM coverage brought to you by:  Jun 2, 2017 Article IATA: Cheap airfares & better global economy boost demand World demand for air travel rose sharply in April, thanks to global economic activity and lower airfares, IATA data for the month show....More Jun 1, 2017 Article United’s Munoz among speakers at IATA AGM next week United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz will be a panelist during sessions programmed for the IATA AGM that opens in Cancun Sunday....More Jun 1, 2017 Article IATA proposes alternative solutions to carry-on electronics ban Additional security and screening measures at airports, including the use of sniffer dogs, are being proposed to US and UK authorities in an attempt to ward off a wider implementation of the laptop carry-on bans, IATA said Thursday....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Advertise With Us Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Projects KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System Projects Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis NATO: in need of an overhaul? NATO: in need of an overhaul? Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Prospect Insurance Brokers - Insurance Solutions for Civil and Commercial UAV Operators Insurance Solutions for Civil and Commercial UAV Operators Suppliers United Electronic Industries - Data Acquisition and Control Applications for Unmanned Military Vehicles Data Acquisition and Control Applications for Unmanned Military Vehicles Suppliers Jammers4u - High-Quality Drone Jammers for Military Applications High-Quality Drone Jammers for Military Applications Suppliers 3W International - Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » Events » Videos » News On May 26 2017 Tapestry to continue training support for US Army’s 7th Army Training Command Boeing company Tapestry Solutions has been awarded a contract to provide mission command training support services for the US Army’s 7th Army Training Command. Valued at $58m, the contract requires the company to continue to support live, virtual and constructive training exercises at the Joint Multinational Simulation Center (JMSC) in Grafenwoehr, Germany. Said to be the army’s largest overseas training command, the 7th Army Training Command is responsible for providing realistic, tailor-made training solutions to US, Nato and partner nations throughout Europe, Africa and beyond. Tapestry Solutions business development director René Burgess said: "We are committed to continued excellence in providing Mission Command Training support to the US Army and fostering lasting relationships with our customers. "Tapestry is proud to support the army's mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces – today and well into the future." As part of the contract, the company will also support JMSC’s satellites in Kaiserslautern, Germany, and Vicenza, Italy; the Joint Multinational Readiness Center (JMRC) in Hohenfels, Germany; and Theater Security Cooperation exercises throughout Nato.  Tapestry will serve as the prime contractor and will lead a team comprising Capstone, Metro Productions and Visual Awareness Technology & Consulting. "Tapestry is proud to support the army's mission to ensure the highest level of readiness for our forces." It will provide overall management along with planning and execution of training exercises throughout the US Army Europe's area of responsibility.    Tapestry has supported US and allied training exercises throughout Europe since 2011, under the JMSC Battle Simulation Training (BST) contract.  The company is involved in designing, planning and conducting computer-based simulations to prepare commanders and their staff for full-spectrum military operations. It supports all levels of training, ranging from unit-level to joint and multinational exercises in classroom and force-on-force environments. i>Image: Specialist Fernando Gomez operates a computer-based simulation during a recent exercise. Photo: courtesy of US Army photo by Brandon Beach, 21st Theater Sustainment Command Public Affairs. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYGO London to Sydney non-stop flights could be possible by 2022 Fare dinkum: the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, which will fly non-stop between London and Perth Qantas moots connection between the biggest cities in Europe and Australia, but only if the price is right Simon Calder Travel Correspondent @SimonCalder Friday 26 May 2017 11:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Travel As the fare for its first non-stop flight between the UK and Australia rises towards £2,000 return, Qantas is contemplating pushing the boundaries even further – and seriously considering connections from London to Melbourne and Sydney. Since the Australian airline announced a non-stop link between Heathrow and Perth, demand for the 17-hour flight has proved strong.  A few seats are available for the first outbound departure from London next year on 25 March, but round-trip economy fares are approaching £2,000. What has caught the particular attention of Qantas executives is the demand for more comfortable seats on the 9,009-mile trip. Premium Economy is selling strongly at over £3,000 return, while Business Class is currently priced at over £6,500. Much cheaper deals are available on connecting services, which suggests that well-heeled passengers will pay a substantial premium for cutting out the en-route stop, which adds a minimum of two hours to the overall journey. Read more The UK's longest flight just got longer The distance from London to Sydney is 10,557 miles, with Melbourne around 60 miles closer. At present the quickest London-Sydney trip is around 22 hours and 30 minutes, on Emirates or Qantas via Dubai, or Thai via Bangkok. The non-stop service would take around 20 hours. The most direct route from London initially heads east-north-east over Denmark, Sweden and Estonia, and spends most of the journey overflying Russia, Kazakhstan and China. It then crosses the South China Sea, the Philippines archipelago and eastern Indonesia before making landfall near Darwin. The two big aircraft manufacturers, Airbus and Boeing, are developing competing aircraft that could operate such routes: the A350ULR [Ultra Long Range] and 777-8 respectively. The world’s longest flight at present, the 9,025 miles between Doha and Auckland, uses an earlier version of the Boeing 777. The Qantas chief executive, Alan Joyce, told Reuters: “These aircraft, we think, are potentially real goers on these routes.” He said such a service could begin by 2022. The most important of the three key issues for the Australian airline is the price of oil. On ultra-long-haul flights, a lot of kerosene is burned in order to carry fuel for later stages of the journey — so increases in the price of fuel disproportionately damage the profitability of extreme routes.  Secondly, how much of a premium will passengers tolerate for the privilege of cutting out the stops? Fares between the UK and Australia are currently depressed by intense competition. Even booking on the day of travel, a return flight from Heathrow via the Far East to Sydney is on sale for as little as £800 return, the same fare as prevailed 40 years ago. Qantas has said it would consider direct London to Sydney flights (Getty) The third factor: the “weight penalty” that Qantas would incur, particularly flying west into the prevailing headwind. When aircraft are close to the limit of their range, the airlines will typically reduce the number of seats sold in order to reduce the risk of making an en-route refuelling stop. “Both the A350-900URL and 777-8 can trade passengers for fuel to fly longer,” said Bjorn Ferhm of the specialist aviation publisher Leeham News and Comment.  “The question is not if it’s possible. It’s about how many passengers can be carried for the two jets and if it’s economic at the seat count.” Victoria Moores, the European editor of Air Transport World, said: “There is definitely a desire for non-stop flights, but there’s also a desire for the cheapest fare possible. It’s always a trade-off and what people say they want is often very different to how they behave in practice. Direct at a competitive price? Yes. Direct at a premium? There will be a market, but I’m not sure how large that market will be and whether it will be enough to sustain the route.” Read more Sydney travel tips: Where to go and what to see in 48 hours The aviation consultant, John Strickland, echoed that sentiment: “The non stop would appeal to the relatively small premium market but due to the need to still sell economy seats, would not be likely to be as profitable as other potential uses of the aircraft.” The non-stop distance from Sydney to New York is 9,940 miles, over an hour shorter than the London-Sydney route. In addition, the average fares on trans-Pacific flights from the US to Australia are significantly higher than from the UK. But Malcolm Ginsberg, editor-in-chief of Business Travel News, said: “Maybe it is England’s long connection with ‘Down Under’ and Amy Johnson’s historic flight but there has always been something special with London-Sydney. “There is a premium to be paid. Long-range fuel tanks, special loos with extra capacity, at least a double crew. But there are advantages. No intermediate landings which can be expensive, and not just airport fees. Aircraft are serviced every so many rotations. Cut them down by half and there has to be a saving.” A Qantas Boeing 747 flew non-stop from Heathrow to Sydney in 1989, but as a proving flight with no paying passengers. Jonny Goodall, commercial director of Travel Nation, said: “Undoubtedly Sydney is the headline act when it comes to Australia. “The vast majority of our customers prefer a stopover or two to break the journey to Sydney, but I also think demand will be there for Heathrow-Sydney non-stop as it would be unique.” More about: Qantas Airbus Boeing Emirates Sydney travel Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing to Integrate Navy Super Hornet IR Search & Track System Under $89M Contract Boeing to Integrate Navy Super Hornet IR Search & Track System Under $89M Contract Ramona Adams May 26, 2017 Contract Awards, News 107 Views Boeing (NYSE: BA) has secured an $89 million contract from the U.S. Navy to help the service branch incorporate a Block II infrared search and track system into the F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet fighter aircraft. The Defense Department said Thursday that Boeing will provide initial design and development, prototyping hardware procurement, technical risk reduction and product integration support under the cost-plus-incentive-fee contract. The company will also conduct technical reviews of IRST Block II with the Super Hornet aircraft as part of the system’s preliminary design review. Work will occur in Orlando, Florida, and St. Louis, Missouri, through April 2020. The Naval Air Systems Command will obligate $21 million at the time of award from the service branch’s fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Boeing Defense Department DOD F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet featured Florida govcon infrared search and track system IRST Block II Missouri NAVAIR Naval Air Systems Command Navy Orlando St. Louis Super Hornet U.S. Navy Related Articles June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again June 2, 2017 138,000 Jobs Added in May; Unemployment Dips Slightly to 4.3 Percent June 2, 2017 Former Senator Kelly Ayotte Named BAE Systems Inc. Board Member; Michael Chertoff Comments June 2, 2017 Check Also Navy Debuts Drone-Based Mine Detection Researchers at the Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) are using drones to detect submerged and … Lockheed Martin Nabs $413M Air Force Contract for Lot 15 JASSM-ER Missiles Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has received a $413.8 million contract from the U.S. Air Force to deliver … Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags June 2 Market Close: GovCon Index Up as S&P 500, DJIA, and NASDAQ Reach New Highs Again June 2, 2017 Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient June 2, 2017 Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft June 2, 2017 GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Opportunities in the Unmanned Systems Marketplace June 2, 2017 NTT Data to Offer Drone Operations, Traffic Management Software in October June 2, 2017 Vectrus Lands $212M Army Contract Modification for Comms & Info Systems Support May 30, 2017 907 Tableau Software’s Sean Brophy: Agencies Should Advance Citizen Engagement Through Data Access May 30, 2017 458 DHS Cancels $1.5B Contract for Agile Development Services June 1, 2017 384 Julie Bowen Promoted to Mitre SVP; Jason Providakes Comments May 30, 2017 252 DynCorp Wins $124M Contract for Logistics Support to Govt-Owned Transport Aircraft June 1, 2017 209 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Defense Department Contract Awards business news Financial News Northrop Grumman government contracting Raytheon Contract Award Boeing Executive moves DOD General Dynamics GovCon Index nyse news financial report SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy BAE Systems Navy Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments @Follow Me New post: Intel’s Melvin Greer Named BDPA Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient https://t.co/NRhXjgs4fl2 hours ago New post: Harris to Supply Sonobuoy Launchers for Boeing-Built Navy Poseidon Aircraft https://t.co/VtolXGVkde2 hours ago New post: GovCon Wire’s Weekly Roundup: Opportunities in the Unmanned Systems Marketplace https://t.co/PMByRFdoY82 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards ITASCA, Ill., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The National Safety Council presented its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards to individuals and organizations that have helped save lives and prevent injuries. The Council presented the Excellence Award to PotashCorp, the Innovation Award to The Boeing Company and the Advocate Award to Deputy Police Chief Lou Jogmen of the Park Ridge (Ill.) Police Department. National Safety Council leadership and award sponsors recognized each winner during a ceremony on Thursday at Coronado Island in San Diego. „PotashCorp, The Boeing Company and Deputy Chief Jogmen have helped make our world a safer place to work and live,” said Deborah A.P. Hersman, president and CEO of the National Safety Council. „We are proud to honor them and to recognize all the outstanding finalists that share the Council’s goal of eliminating preventable deaths and injuries in our lifetime.” PotashCorp recognized that tools and procedures designed to reduce injuries as a whole do not always affect serious injury and fatality (SIF) rates. To close the gap, PotashCorp developed a system to empower workers to identify potential SIF exposure before an incident and provides training so employees can identify potential problems in routine activities. The approach includes reviewing everyday tasks for risk, integrating injury prevention into all safety processes and following up on all incidents for SIF potential. The Boeing Company developed a fall protection system – the Piranha Lox True Interlock Harness – that disables a work platform if a worker is not properly hooked into his or her Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Falls account for 10 percent of all occupational deaths each year; in more than 75 percent of those fatalities, PPE is available but either not used or used incorrectly. Deputy Chief Lou Jogmen spearheaded the inaugural Illinois Rail Safety Week in 2014 by gathering more than 300 independent police agencies, county sheriff departments, private firms and state agencies to promote public awareness through education, enforcement and rail safety engineering advances. The model has been expanded to other campaigns in Illinois, including distracted driving awareness, and was used to introduce National Rail Safety Week in 2016, co-sponsored by International Association of Chiefs of Police and Operation Lifesaver. The finalists were selected from over 50 applicants reviewed and evaluated by an external panel. Other finalists included Odebrecht Construction, Chatham County, Ga., Tracey Holmberg of Swedish Medical Center in Denver, Colo., and Trenda McPherson of the Florida Motorcycle Safety Coalition in Tallahassee, Fla. Visit greencross.nsc.org for additional information about each winner and finalist. About the National Safety Council Founded in 1913 and chartered by Congress, the National Safety Council, nsc.org, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by eliminating preventable deaths at work, in homes and communities, and on the road through leadership, research, education and advocacy. NSC advances this mission by partnering with businesses, government agencies, elected officials and the public in areas where we can make the most impact – distracted driving, teen driving, workplace safety, prescription drug overdoses and Safe Communities. Safety+Health magazine, the Council’s flagship publication, is a leading source of occupational safety and health information. Connect with NSC: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-safety-council-announces-winners-of-its-prestigious-green-cross-for-safety-awards-300464395.html SOURCE National Safety Council Related Links http://www.nsc.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Not For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Aviation Actuator System Market 2022 Review & Forecast Research Report Published by Orbis Research Next PostNext Global UV Printers Market: Trends & Opportunities (2017-2022) – New Report by Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   25 May 2017 The Nation (Nairobi) Kenya Airways Reduces Loss to Sh10bn On Deep Cost-Cutting Tagged: Business Company East Africa Kenya Travel tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Business East Africa: China Plan Raises Hope for East African SGR Project Africa: Big Alcohol Is Poised to Expand. Why This Is Bad News for Health Liberia: National ICT Broadband Backbone Will Expedite Development Gambia: Govt to Make Farming a Business Company Tanzania: Magufuli Orders Telecom Firms to List or Quit Zimbabwe: Govt Bans Golden Handshakes Tanzania: Global Hotel Chains Venture Into Zanzibar Africa: Barclays Slashes Stake in South African Unit East Africa Egypt: Cairo, Khartoum Downplay Strains After High Level Visit Sudan: At Last, Bitter Opposition Figures in the State House in Raman South Sudan: Smith CODEL Meets Famine Victims & U.S. Aid Workers Fighting to Save Lives Somalia: Farmajo's 100 Days Marked in Mogadishu Rally Kenya Kenya: Singer Laety Laetitia Dies Kenya: Opposition Leader Odinga Snubbed at Madaraka Day Event Kenya: Chinese Minister Denies Rumours of Second-Hand Trains Kenya: Justice for Nubians As President Kenyatta Gives Them Title for 288 Acres of Land in Kibra Travel Tanzania: Former Mauritian Minister Coming to Zanzibar Uganda: Migereko Scoffs At Cabinet Critics of New Tourism Role Uganda: China Protests Museveni Ivory Trafficking Charges Namibia: Hospitality Sector Sees Airbnb As a Threat Photo: Salaton Njau/The Nation KQ’s outgoing chief executive, Mbuvi Ngunze, left, with chairman Michael Joseph at Crowne Plaza, Nairobi on May 25, 2017. By Mugambi Mutegi Deep cost-cutting helped Kenya Airways reduce its full-year net loss by more than half to Sh10.2 billion, showing some green shoots of hope for the national carrier, which is however beset by a flagging topline and wider erosion of shareholders' capital. KQ, as the carrier is known by its international code, on Thursday reported a 60.9 per cent drop in its net loss for the 12 months ended March from last year's Sh26.2 billion. The apparent upturn was, however, dampened by a Sh10 billion shrinkage in its turnover to Sh106 billion, while the airline's book value sank Sh9.2 billion more into the negative to Sh44.9 billion, reflecting erosion by years of losses and negative fluctuations on the carrier's mountain of foreign currency denominated loans. "Our operating costs reduced significantly due to the turnaround efforts. We posted an operating profit of nearly Sh900 million compared to a Sh4.1 billion loss last year," KQ chief executive, Mbuvi Ngunze, said when releasing the results. Operating costs dropped by Sh14.9 billion to Sh105.4 billion, with the biggest savings coming from lower fleet ownership costs following the offloading of several aircraft in the year. KQ subleased three Boeing 777s, two Boeing 787s and sold two Boeing 777s, bringing fleet costs down by Sh14 billion to Sh15.5 billion. The offloading was part of Operation Pride, an turnaround strategy for the airline, which includes interventions like balance sheet restructuring, disposal of aircraft and land and laying off of over 100 staff. "We are seeing the first results of our investment in the turnaround," Mr Ngunze added. KQ's bottom line benefited positively from a favourable exchange rate and hedging environment, which despite financing costs remaining high, helped KQ lower its "other costs" 49.6 per cent to Sh11.1 billion. The airline, which is 29.8 owned by the Treasury and 26.7 per cent by Air France-KLM, also booked Sh1.6 billion from the sale of land and aircraft parts such as spare engines. KQ closed the period with lower staff expenses as 288 workers exited the company - through retrenchment and natural attrition-, leaving the employee count at 3,582. Operation Pride, which is being implemented with the help of US consultancy McKinsey, is 72 per cent complete as per the carrier's estimate with the major outstanding issue being completion of the balance sheet restructuring. The turnaround plan has so far cost KQ Sh2.4 billion. "The results are really positive. We have gone through some really tough times but we are coming out. The efforts put in by the KQ management are starting to bear fruit in terms of our operations," said Michael Joseph, KQ's chairman. Kenya Singer Laety Laetitia Dies The Kenyan music industry is in mourning following the death of former Calif Records singer Laety Laetitia. Read more »   Copyright © 2017 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 900 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: Nation Kenya: Singer Laety Laetitia Dies Kenya: Electoral Commission Clears Anne Waiguru Kenya: Miguna Miguna Cleared to Run for Nairobi Governor Kenya: Kakamega Battle Musingu in Boys' Football Final Kenya: Kaguthi Group to Build Sh7 Billion Westlands Blocks Kenya: Resurgent NSE Large Caps Beat Other African Markets Kenya: Kenya 7s Star Willy Ambaka Completes Manawatu Turbos Move Kenya: Heartbreak as Teen with Kenyan Roots Misses Out on Britain's Got Talent Finals Kenya: Eko Dydda, Mercy Masika Emerge Tops at Groove Awards Kenya: New Railway Ultimately Beneficial - Chinese Minister Kenya: Wanjiku Kibe Promises to Transform Gatundu North If Elected Kenya: Beauty and Opulence Mark Madaraka Day Kenya: Chinese Minister Denies Rumours of Second-Hand Trains Kenya: Opposition Leader Odinga Snubbed at Madaraka Day Event Kenya: Athlete Collapses, Dies While Training in Kaptagat Kenya: Suspected Al-Shabaab Militants Abduct 2 Teachers Kenya: 10 Killed in Suspected Terror Attacks in Lamu Kenya: Raila Odinga's Siblings Shelve Ambitions to Support Him East Africa: Plan to Allow Students to Transfer Between Universities Kenya: Opposition Leader Vows to Prosecute Those Who Inflated Cost of SGR Kenya: President Launches Madaraka Express Kenya: Toyota Kenya Faces Major Lawsuit for Faulty Buses Kenya: Baringo Woman Rep Aspirant Arrested, Disqualified Kenya: Cartels, Interests Almost Killed SGR Project - Official Kenya: Posta to Test Bus Service for SGR Train Passengers Kenya: Ornage Won't Concede This Season, Vows Jackline Mwangi Kenya: Richard Leakey Secures Sh305 Million to Build Museum Kenya: Reigning Football Champs Green Palm Conspicuously Missing Kenya: Uhuru Touts Jubilee's Scorecard in Madaraka Day Fete Kenya: Likely Negative Consequences of SGR Construction for Wildlife Kenya: Musicians Stop Agencies From Collecting Royalties Kenya: Education Ministry Raises Alarm Over Fake Staff Hiring Related Business Company East Africa Kenya Travel InFocus: Kenya Kenyan Singer Laety Laetitia Dies Kenya's Electoral Commission Clears Former Minister Waiguru Teen With Kenyan Roots Misses Out on Britain's Got Talent Finals Eko Dydda, Mercy Masika Emerge Tops at Kenyan Gospel Awards Chinese Minister Defends Kenya's New SGR Railway Opposition Leader Ignored at Kenya's Independence Day Celebration Is It Time For Kenyans to Stop Celebrating Independence Day? Who Will Reign Supreme at Kenya's Gospel Music Awards? Kenyan Police Officers Die in Separate 'Al-Shabaab' Attacks Kenya's Madaraka Express Launches Amid Fanfare - And Criticism Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: Kenya Kenya: Singer Laety Laetitia Dies Kenya: Justice for Nubians As President Kenyatta Gives Them Title for 288 Acres of Land in Kibra Kenya: Electoral Commission Clears Anne Waiguru Kenya: Miguna Miguna Cleared to Run for Nairobi Governor Kenya: Sub Two-Hour Still Possible, Believes Kipchoge Kenya: Ambaka Signs for New Zealand's Manawatu Kenya: Cost of Living to Ease After August Election - Analyst Kenya: Kakamega Battle Musingu in Boys' Football Final Kenya: Kaguthi Group to Build Sh7 Billion Westlands Blocks Kenya: Resurgent NSE Large Caps Beat Other African Markets Kenya: Kenya 7s Star Willy Ambaka Completes Manawatu Turbos Move Rwanda: Rwanda U-16 Teams in High Spirit Ahead of Fiba Africa Zone V Kenya: Heartbreak as Teen with Kenyan Roots Misses Out on Britain's Got Talent Finals Kenya: #GrooveAwards2017 - Mercy Masika Named Gospel Female Artist of the Year Kenya: Eko Dydda, Mercy Masika Emerge Tops at Groove Awards Kenya: New Railway Ultimately Beneficial - Chinese Minister Most Popular Kenya across allAfrica.com Kenya 1 Kenya: Singer Laety Laetitia Dies 2 Kenya: Chinese Minister Denies Rumours of Second-Hand Trains 3 Angola/Kenya: Stars, Angola Machakos Friendly Cancelled 4 Kenya: Cholera Kills 1 in Vihiga As Toll Rises to 4 5 Tanzania: I Remain Friends With Magufuli and Lowassa - Kenya's Odinga 6 Kenya: 'Jesus' Seen in Kisumu 7 Kenya: Justice for Nubians As President Kenyatta Gives Them Title for 288 Acres of Land in Kibra 8 East Africa: Kenya Denies Ugandan Pilot Work Permit 9 Kenya: Heartbreak as Teen with Kenyan Roots Misses Out on Britain's Got Talent Finals 10 Kenya: Six Unusual Things You Will See On SGR Train across allAfrica.com 1 Zimbabwe: NGOs Not Welcome - First Lady Grace Mugabe 2 Zimbabwe: Mugabe to Kick Out All White Farmers, Says Citizens Need Land 3 Nigeria: 'Do or Die' in Uyo for Super Eagles 4 Kenya: Singer Laety Laetitia Dies 5 Africa: Two African Countries Get Temporary UN Seat 6 Angola: Sonangol On the Brink 7 East Africa: China Plan Raises Hope for East African SGR Project 8 Tanzania: Magufuli Orders Telecom Firms to List or Quit 9 Somalia: Foreign Fighter Jets Target Al-Shabab Camp in Somalia 10 Ghana: Maxwell Adams Mahama Don't Miss Kenyan Singer Laety Laetitia Dies Nigerian Singer Tiwa Savage's New Video Makes Waves Have You Seen The Inside of Mugabe's Luxury Palace in The Sky? Has Outspoken Minister Moyo Revealed Mugabe's Ideal Successor? What Trump's Climate Change Decision Means For Africa Terrorism Kenya: 10 Killed in Suspected Terror Attacks in Lamu(Nation) Somalia: Foreign Fighter Jets Target Al-Shabab Camp in Somalia(Shabelle) Cameroon: Double Bombing Kills Refugees in Kolofata Camp(Al Jazeera) Somalia: Al-Shabab Militants Bombs Safaricom Mast in Garissa(Shabelle) Nigeria: Court - Okah Has Case On Terrorism(Daily Trust) Kenya: Suspected Al-Shabaab Militants Abduct 2 Teachers(Nation) Somalia: Al-Shabaab Commander Defects to Somali Forces(VOA) Nigeria: People Raping, Killing Edo Women Are B/Haram Terrorists - - Obaseki(Daily Trust) Somalia: Seven Kenyan Police, Civilian Killed By IED(Shabelle) Somalia: Al-Shabaab Abducts Two Teachers in Near Garissa(Shabelle) Education Uganda: Teachers, Students Eulogise Educationist Mukiibi(Monitor) Swaziland: No Food So Schoolkids Sent Home(Swazi Media) Uganda: Mukiibi Founded, Owned All His Schools and Colleges - Fr Luzindana(Monitor) Tanzania: Fake Certificates in Tanzania Economic Equation(Citizen) East Africa: Plan to Allow Students to Transfer Between Universities(Nation) South Africa: Class Exploitation, Racial Oppression Are the Dominant Systems Sustaining UCKAR(Daily Maverick) South Africa: School Governing Body Members Accuse Mohlakeng Principal of Maladministration(GroundUp) Nigeria: Lagos Titled Chiefs Charge Parents, Schools On Pupils' Welfare(Guardian) Nigeria: Unity Bank Drills Students On Financial Skills(Guardian) South Africa: Western Cape Education MEC Demands Answers On Promised Gang Unit(News24Wire) Athletics Ethiopia: Why I Run - Exiled Oromo Runner Lilesa Speaks(Al Jazeera) South Africa: Mthembu Makes It Comrades Marathon Win No 2(Sascoc) Kenya: Athlete Collapses, Dies While Training in Kaptagat(Nation) Kenya: Sub Two-Hour Still Possible, Believes Kipchoge(Capital FM) Tanzania: Support Athletes, Medal-Haul Campaign(Daily News) Nigeria: Govt Endorses Cross River's 260KM Super Highway(Premium Times) Kenya: Age-Cheating Athletes to Pay the Price, Warn AK(Nation) Kenya: Adak Warns Athletes Who Skipped Anti-Doping Seminar(Nation) Kenya: Kipruto, Yego Eye Success in Rome Gala(Nation) Uganda: Cheptegei Hopeful of Medal After Eugene Meet(Monitor) Sport Nigeria: NFF Explains Moses' Absence From Nigeria's Game Against Bafana(Guardian) South Africa: Mthembu Makes It Comrades Marathon Win No 2(Sascoc) Nigeria: 'Do or Die' in Uyo for Super Eagles(Guardian) Tanzania: English Club Everton Visit to Uplift Dar es Salaam Stadium(Daily News) Uganda/Ethiopia: Cranes Off to Ethiopia for International Friendly Tie(Observer) Uganda/Ethiopia: Cranes in Ethiopia Ahead of 2019 Afcon Opener(Monitor) Uganda/South Africa: Onyango's South African Club Sundowns Jostle for Leadership(Monitor) Kenya: Athlete Collapses, Dies While Training in Kaptagat(Nation) South Africa: Flawless Bekker Leads in Zambia(News24Wire) Kenya: Sub Two-Hour Still Possible, Believes Kipchoge(Capital FM) Labour Namibia: Youth Unemployment Shoots Up(Namibian) Zimbabwe: Govt Bans Golden Handshakes(The Herald) Tanzania: Fake Certificates in Tanzania Economic Equation(Citizen) Nigeria: Vote Out Indebted, Anti-Pay-Rise Politicians, NLC Tells Workers(Guardian) Nigeria: N/Assembly Will Raise Teachers' Retirement Age to 65 - Dogara(Daily Trust) Nigeria: Lagos Verifies Non-Pensionable Staff At Sub-State Levels(Daily Trust) Tanzania: Workers' Compensation Fund Asks Employers to Remit Monthly Contribution Timely(Daily News) Nigeria: Osun Doctors Protest Half Salary(Premium Times) Tanzania: Private Sector Urged to Employ People With Disability(Citizen) Nigeria: Acting President Orders Nigerian Govt Job Portal Opened(Premium Times) Corruption South Africa: #GuptaLeaks - The Day Our World Tilted(Daily Maverick) Tanzania: How Lack of Transparency Undermines Natural Gas Production(Citizen) South Africa: #GuptaLeaks and Team Zuma - What's Next?(Daily Maverick) South Africa: New Batch of Emails On 'Zuptagate' Scandal Released(Deutsche Welle) Tanzania: Fake Certificates in Tanzania Economic Equation(Citizen) Nigeria: Judge Accused of Corruption Allowed to Travel Abroad(Premium Times) South Sudan: Army Denies Graft Claims in New Report(East African) Zimbabwe: I Don't Need Immunity - - Pasi(Zimbabwe Independent) South Africa: #GuptaLeaks - Bell Pottinger - Spinner of a Web for 'Pioneers of Economic Transformation'(Daily Maverick) Zimbabwe: Not Time for Looting(Financial Gazette) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 900 news and information items daily from over 140 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:28 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing to Integrate Infrared Search, Tracking System in F-18 Combat Jets © Boeing Military & Intelligence 04:44 26.05.2017(updated 04:56 26.05.2017) Get short URL 0 44936 The Pentagon has tasked US aerospace giant Boeing with the Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornets with Infrared Search and Track System to give pilots ability to view multiple targets at higher resolutions and longer ranges compared to radars. © Flickr/ U.S. Pacific Fleet F-18 Jet From USS Carl Vinson Heading to N Korea Crashes Near PhilippinesWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US aerospace giant Boeing won $89 million to build a new Infrared Search and Track System into the Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft, the Defense Department said in a press release. "The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded an $89,000,000 contract for incorporation of the Block II Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) in the F/A-18 E/F aircraft," the release explained Thursday. "The contract includes the initial design and development, procurement of prototyping hardware, technical risk reduction efforts, integrated product support, and technical reviews of IRST Block II with the F/A-18E/F aircraft." The IRST gives F/A —18 drivers the ability to view multiple targets at higher resolutions and longer ranges compared to radar, according to published reports. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 36 Related: Flight Recorders of Russia's Crash-Landed Il-18 to Be Sent for Lab Inspections BAE Systems Awarded $20Mln to Produce F-18 Fighter Jet Electronic Decoys Raytheon Wins $101 Million Contract to Repair F-18 Jet Radar Receivers Tags: search, infrared, Boeing, Pentagon, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt 05:45Egypt Cuts Diplomatic Relations With Qatar Following Bahrain, Saudi ArabiaAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14823 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10273 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8681 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7190 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7170All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: Small business suffers without Export-Import Bank support for big deals  Jacquelyn Martin / AP A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S. A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S. (Jacquelyn Martin / AP) James TabbiGuest Columnist Privacy Policy A little-known government agency has been making the news lately. If you’ve never heard of it before, the Export-Import Bank of the United States provides financing for U.S. export sales when private market alternatives aren’t available. International buyers who use the Bank pay fees and interest for these services, generating more than $3.8 billion in profit for American taxpayers since 2009. It’s part of a multinational system of export credit agencies operating under well-established rules. More than 85 nations maintain fully functioning export credit agencies. However, because Ex-Im Bank requires a quorum on its Board of Directors to approve transactions over $10 million in size, it has been unable to fully support its mission. Forty deals worth $30 billion of U.S. manufactured exports currently are delayed, putting the jobs that depend on those deals at risk. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. Aerospace manufacturing is one of the greatest economic engines for job creation in the United States. My company, Exxelia Group, which has a subsidiary in Longwood, makes a variety of electronic and electromechanical parts and components for applications where high-performance, reliability and economy are essential. We have facilities across the United States, including New York, Florida and Washington state. We sell our products to companies like United Technologies, GE Aviation and Boeing, who then export their products around the world. In 2016, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry generated $146 billion in exports and a trade surplus of $90 billion, the largest of any sector. It doesn’t make sense to hold back this critical sector’s contribution to our national economic strength. But without Ex-Im support, many U.S. exporters and their suppliers have a hard time competing and winning in a fierce global marketplace. This directly affects my company’s ability to pioneer growth and manufacture here in the United States. Ex-Im critics call the Bank “corporate welfare” and suggest that only large corporations benefit from its support. However, nothing could be farther from the truth. The public needs to know that every Ex-Im backed aerospace sale enables thousands of small and midsized U.S. manufacturers like mine that supply midsized and big companies to thrive, grow and create new jobs. Our companies are essential to exports because, while our products and services may not be in public view, their critical content contributions are no less important. Each GE or UTC subassembly that ends up in a Boeing aircraft or satellite contains thousands of high-value parts from thousands of proud American manufacturers. Continuing to shackle Ex-Im Bank is equivalent to unilateral disarmament in the international marketplace, as foreign nations continue to provide loan guarantees in support of their home-team exporters. The inevitable result will be U.S. manufacturers and suppliers continuing to lose ground and experiencing permanent damage to their global market position. We’re encouraged that President Trump has started to put forward nominees for the Ex-Im Bank’s Board of Directors. We are especially grateful for the support of Sen. Bill Nelson in standing up for Florida jobs and securing the bank's reauthorization and hope that Sen. Marco Rubio will join him in the critical work needed to fully restore operations. We know that when American aerospace and defense companies can compete on a level playing field, we will win every time. It’s time for the Senate to restore a working quorum for the bank and let American exporters compete on quality rather than financing. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Export-Import Bank of the United States United Technologies Corporation Boeing Joe Paterno legacy forever stained by sins of omission Pictures: Watch out! Florida is a dangerous place to live Pulse gunman's motive: Plenty of theories, but few answers News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Industry Outlook: Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017: Top Players are Airbus, Boeing, Cessna, DigiSky, PC-Aero, Alisport etc. ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017 ” to it’s Large Report database. In this report, the Global Light Electric Aircraft Market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Light Electric Aircraft in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1094869 Global Light Electric Aircraft market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Airbus Alisport Boeing Electric Aircraft Solar Impulse ACS Aviation Aeromarine Cessna DigiSky Electravia PC-Aero Read All Defense and Security Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/defense-and-security-market-reports-13… Table of Contents Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017 1 Light Electric Aircraft Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Light Electric Aircraft 1.2 Light Electric Aircraft Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Light Electric Aircraft Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Light Electric Aircraft Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Manned 1.2.4 Unmanned 1.3 Global Light Electric Aircraft Segment by Application 1.3.1 Light Electric Aircraft Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military 1.3.3 Commercial 1.3.4 Private 1.4 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: deep-research-report.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Power MOSFETs Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Next PostNext Industry Outlook: Global Portable Analytical Instrument Market to grow at a CAGR of 5.86% during the period 2017-2021: Key Vendors such as Bruker, Danaher, Shimadzu etc. Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Josh Dugan, formerly with the Navy, but now a manager in the Snohomish County planning department, proposed a change in state law that helps military veterans transition to county jobs following their Navy career and saving considerable stress and financial difficulty in the process. Gov. Jay Inslee recently signed the changes into law. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Retired Navy officer worked to change law to help vets Noah Haglund Wed May 24th, 2017 2:55pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Before Josh Dugan retired from a career in the Navy to work for Snohomish County, he often saw sailors run into problems when they left the military in search of civilian employment. Men and women serving under Dugan often had to wait months to apply for jobs, even after receiving discharge papers. That’s because their veterans benefits had yet to take effect. State law posed an obstacle as they sought jobs in law enforcement, firefighting or other government fields. “They started looking for a job, but they couldn’t claim veterans preference points until they were unemployed and out of a job,” Dugan said. “The standard definition of a veteran was kind of a barrier.” Dugan said the holdup may have pushed some vets to move out of state or into a cycle of unemployment. In his county job, he found a way to help. County Executive Dave Somers last year had tasked him with heading up military aspects of the county’s wider economic development strategy. Naval Station Everett is the county’s second-largest employer, behind the Boeing Co. Dugan sized up the situation many newly discharged veterans faced as they looked for work. He identified the employment barrier and suggested a fix. The idea led to a bill in the Legislature, House Bill 1369, which Gov. Jay Inslee signed on April 21. The law changed the state’s definition of who is considered a veteran. It’s now anyone who receives Department of Defense discharge papers or equivalent documents that attest to honorable service. Until now, a person was deemed a veteran only after formal separation, even if they had fulfilled all of their military obligations. Dugan said this often happens as people use up accrued leave after they’re no longer reporting for duty. It’s important, because status as a veteran confers a higher score in a competitive hiring process for state and local government jobs. The bill’s sponsors included state Rep. David Hayes, R-Camano Island, who is a Navy veteran, and state Sen. Steve Hobbs, D-Lake Stevens, who is an Army veteran and a National Guard member. The change is due to take effect July 23. It applies statewide to all branches of the military. As of late 2016, Washington had more than 44,000 active-duty service members across all branches of the armed forces, according to U.S. Department of Defense data. That includes Naval installations in Snohomish, Island and and Kitsap counties, Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Pierce County, the Army’s Yakima Training Center and Fairchild Air Force Base near Spokane, among others. Dugan calls it a triple win: for the newly discharged veterans, employers and the community as a whole. “The idea is to ease that transition and to bring in that talent,” he said. Dugan, 50, is a division manager at the county’s Department of Planning and Development Services, where he oversees areas such as code enforcement, inspections and transportation engineering. He retired from the Navy in 2015 as a command master chief, one of the most senior positions at Naval Station Everett. A military career took the upstate New York native to conflict zones around the globe. However, Dugan said he was fortunate to spend most of his nearly three decades based on or near Puget Sound. The father of four has long called Stanwood home. Somers gave him credit. Dugan “identified this problem and was the key in making this change for veterans and employers across Washington state,” he said. Nearly 56,000 of Washington’s more than 588,000 veterans call Snohomish County home. “What this law does is give credit where credit is due,” Dugan said. Noah Haglund: 425-339-3465; nhaglund@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @NWhaglund.   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 Bellew: MAS passenger bookings continue to rise Bellew: ‘The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business.’ – Bernama SEPANG: Malaysia Airlines (MAS) has managed to improve bookings despite a tough first quarter this year with issues like intensifying competition, currency and higher fuel prices. MAS group chief executive officer Peter Bellew said that Malaysia Airlines passenger bookings continued to accelerate in quarter one. “The quarter was tough with higher fuel prices and adverse foreign exchange impacting our performance. However, customers increased by 12.9% year-on-year to 3.57 million passengers and load factor at 79.4% versus 68.9% last year. “Yields were lower due to intense competition and a price war. The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business due to an equalisation of certain KLIA airport charges. “Malaysia Airlines continues to see strong bookings with a 45% improvement in forward bookings for the next six months (from June to November 2017) compared to the same period in 2016. “The network expansion is on track, with the second flight to Shanghai and Hong Kong (from the Boeing B737 to Airbus A330) showing immediate results. The airline is seeking more wide-body aircraft on short- to medium-term leases to facilitate growth,” he said in a statement yesterday. In terms of service quality, Bellew said that the airline’s customer service index continued to recover as product improvements were steadily introduced in the quarter. “We have introduced the ‘Golden Rule – treat customers as you would wish to be treated yourself’. “MAS will continue to offer great value all-inclusive business and economy fares while other carriers around the world continue to add extra charges and unbundle their fares.” With all the right strategies in place, the group is still on track to be sustainably profitable by 2018. Passenger load factors remained robust for the first quarter with Malaysia Airlines maintaining its fare despite competitors dropping theirs significantly. The rapid recovery in international business continued in the quarter with a load factor of 81.1% in 2017 versus 69.6% in 2016. Domestic business load factor also improved by 9.5% in the quarter. In terms of fleet, the airline is currently operating with 54 Boeing 737-800s, 15 Airbus A330-300s and six Airbus A380s. The rapid growth in international sales requires additional wide-body aircraft in 2018 and 2019 to address profitable demand. The group is exploring various options for wide-body craft delivery in 2018 and 2019. There is a good value in the current market for suitable aircraft in the airline’s delivery timetable. MAS existing A330-300 wide-body planes will require replacement and additional capacity from late 2019. Discussions are ongoing with Airbus on the A330neo and Boeing on the 787-9 for direct purchase or lease to enhance the fleet. Delivery is currently scheduled for six leased new A350 aircraft from Air Lease Corp. The first aircraft is planned to arrive at the end of 2017. The A350s will operate MAS flagship service to London Heathrow from second quarter of next year. Additionally, punctuality improved slightly from the previous quarter at 78%. Time performance was impacted mainly by consequential delays, external factors such as weather in Kuala Lumpur and air traffic control at international stations and technical delays. Customer satisfaction and experience will be key for the airline and Malaysia Airlines has returned to the Skytrax quality scheme this year. It aims to restore its previous high ratings by the end of 2018. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , MAS Related Stories Related Stories CIMB Group stresses zero tolerance for breaches of law MAS directs SGX to enhance recovery processes, resilience MAS in recovery mode Malaysia Airlines ‘aggressively hedging’ as it sees oil at US$70 Creative people who don’t sleep at night - Bellew wants you You May Be Interested South Korea launches $10 bln fiscal package to boost jobs, welfare The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read 5 superpowers every mum has AirAsia Free Seats promotion starts tomorrow Middle East countries cut off ties with Qatar, cites terrorism Property Related advertisement Latest News A decent quarter with mixed results for banking sector Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday KLCI wavers early Monday, key Asian markets mixed Most Viewed in Business Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday Higher revenue for IRB Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Ng to take AIA to the next stage of growth Chinese billionaires clash over Alibaba’s parcel deliveries Five golden rules for investing borrowed money TNB to start work on large solar project next month My money mistakes Affin Hwang Research sees Malaysian stock market in early stage rally Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Hot Topics: Squirrel Feeder Cited Ferguson Grads New Restaurant House Fire Colo. Eagles Coach Your Best Bets for Fun More Fugitive Charges RH Line Police Calls Your best bets for fun in the Loveland area this week By Reporter-Herald Staff Posted:   05/26/2017 01:23:59 PM MDT Dressed as a Minion, Austin Wood, left, joins Ella Brown as Elsa from the movie "Frozen," ballerina Harper Gryskiewicz and other youngsters as they walk together during the 2015 Pet and Doll Parade at Fairgrounds Park. (Steve Stoner / Loveland Reporter-Herald file photo) Rodeo queen Ashley Doolittle will be honored with the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala. (Courtesy Photo / Courtesy Photo) family Pet and Doll Parade Loveland Lions Club will sponsor the annual Pet and Doll Parade starting at 2:30 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Centennial Park, First Street and Taft Avenue, Loveland. The parade is one of the longest-running events in Loveland, according to organizers. It was started in the 1930s by the late Fred Fishburn. Line up will start at 2 p.m. next to the ball fields for children age 3-12 accompanied by a parent or guardian. Pets should be on leashes or caged, and owners must be prepared to clean up their waste. Motorized scooters and bikes are not allowed. Ice cream treats will follow the parade. There is no charge. Call 667-5404 for details. benefit Boots, Buckles & Bling The launch of the Ashley Doolittle Foundation and the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala will take place at 6 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Ellis Ranch, 2331 Ellis Ranch Lane, Loveland. It will be a night dedicated to preserving the slain rodeo queen's legacy and honoring her love of our western heritage. The Foundation is dedicated to preserving Ashley's legacy by building awareness of and preventing teenage dating violence. Tickets are $100-$700. For details, call 303-588-0605 or visit ashleydoolittlefoundation.org/gala. holiday Memorial Day Advertisement Resthaven Funeral Home and Memorial Gardens Cemetery, 8426 S. U.S. 287, Fort Collins, will sponsor the following Memorial Day events: • 1 p.m. Saturday, May 27, the El Jebel Shrine Pipe Band. • 6:45 p.m. Sunday, May 28, Queen City Jazz Band followed by skydivers, a Model T car show, fireworks, refreshments and more. • 10:30 a.m. Monday, May 29, traditional Memorial Day service with keynote speaker Ret. Army Col. Stan Cass, performance by Big Thompson Brass Quintet, special music by Larimer Chorale and Loveland Associated Veterans, and a dove release. All events are free and open to the public. For details, call 667-0202. comedy Friends in Safe Places Internet sensation and "pick-up truck pundit" Chad Prather and Comedy Central comedian Steve "Mudflap" McGrew will present "Friends in Safe Spaces" at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 1, at the Rialto Theater Center, 228 E. Fourth St., Loveland. The pair are joining forces to bring comedy and common sense together in a gut bustin' show that aims to leave both sides of the political aisle doubled over with laughter. Tickets are $22. VIP tickets with seating in the first two rows, a signed tour poster and post-show meet-and-greet are $50. For details, call 962-2120 or visit rialtotheatercenter.org. music Taj Mo Taj Mo: the Taj Mahal and Keb' Mo' band will perform live at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 30, at the Lincoln Center, 417 W. Magnolia, Fort Collins. The two blues legend are touring in support of their first album as a duo. Tickets are $49.50-$65. For details, call 221-6730 or visit lctix.com. theater 'Boeing Boeing' Bas Bleu Theatre will present "Boeing Boeing," opening at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the theater, 401 Pine St., Fort Collins. (Not Provided / Loveland Reporter-Herald) The zany French farce features an American Lothario living in Paris, engaged to Italian, German and American airline hostesses who are unaware of each other until an unexpected schedule change brings them all to his apartment at one time. It runs through June 25. Tickets are $26 for adults, $20 for seniors ($18 on Thursday evenings and Sunday matinees) and $13 for students. For details, call 498-8949 or visit basbleu.org. art Art Market The annual juried Art Market will be held 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, May 27-28, and 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday, May 29, at Bond Park in downtown Estes Park. The market will include about 100 local, Colorado and natural artisans. Admission is free. For details, call 586-5882 or visit artcenterofestes.com. benefit Realities Ride & Rally Realities for Children will present the annual Realities Ride and Rally poker run Memorial Day weekend to benefit abused children in Northern Colorado. The rally will be at 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Saturday, May 27, and noon-5 p.m. Sunday, May 29, in Civic Center Park at North Howes Street and LaPorte Avenue in Fort Collins, and features a bicycle parade, live music, beer gardens, vendors, motorcycle stunts, a car show, a patriotic pin-up girl contest, eating contests and fireworks. The Hot Cars Cook Nights Car Show will open at 10 a.m. The ride will start at 10 a.m. Sunday, May 28, meeting at Thunder Mountain Harley-Davidson, 4250 Byrd Drive in Loveland. Riders will follow a new 100-mile scenic route. Registration starts at 8 a.m. The cost is $30 per bike and $10 per passenger. A Budweiser After-Ride Party will follow at the Fort Collins venue. For details or to preregister, call 484-9090 or visit realitiesride.com. music Trident Winds Concert Rocky Mountain National Park will offer a concert by the Trident Winds Woodwind Trio from the Navy Band Northwest at 7 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the Beaver Meadows Visitor Center, on U.S. 35 west of Estes Park. Composed of flute, clarinet, and bassoon, they perform a variety of musical styles, including an eclectic blend of classical and Americana music. This program is free and open to the public. Space is limited. For details about the park, call 586-1206 or visit nps.gov/romo. (James Garcia / Loveland Reporter-Herald) Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Hairball opens Thunder in the Rockies summer concert series Fun in the sun at Berthoud Day Pair of free bike tours explores Loveland public art   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:28 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeAmerica Long shot: Pentagon to test ICBM interceptor amid North Korea tensions Published time: 26 May, 2017 20:33 Edited time: 27 May, 2017 08:45 Get short URL FILE PHOTO: Flight Test 06b Ground-Based Interceptor launches from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. © US Missile Defense Agency / Flickr As North Korea continues to test ballistic missiles of ever increasing range, the US announced it would attempt the first ever intercept of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICMB). The test was planned years in advance, according to US officials. The Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptor will be test-fired next Tuesday from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, according to Christopher Johnson, spokesman for the US Missile Defense Agency. The target will be a custom-made missile resembling an ICBM, fired from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands. “We conduct increasingly complex test scenarios as the program matures and advances,” Johnson said on Friday. “Testing against an ICBM-type threat is the next step in that process.” #Pentagon to test intercontinental ballistic missile intercept due #NorthKorea threat - News - Stripes https://t.co/VegV4QnGQt— Bob Reid (@rhreid) May 26, 2017 If the test goes as planned, the interceptor will destroy the target warhead high above the Pacific Ocean, AP reported. Kwajalein is approximately 8,000 km (4,972 miles) from Los Angeles, California. The Pentagon classifies any missile with a range greater than 3,400 miles as an ICBM. Tuesday’s test was planned “years in advance” and is not a direct response to recent North Korean tests of ballistic missiles, a Pentagon official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Stars and Stripes. The last test of Boeing’s GMD system was in June 2014, when it successfully destroyed a target imitating an intermediate-range ballistic missile. It was the first success after three failures and the program has only recorded nine successful intercepts out of 17 total attempts, according to the military newspaper. Read more 'Inevitable' that N. Korea builds nuclear-armed missile able to reach US ‒ intel head “I can’t imagine what they’re going to say if it fails,” Philip Coyle, senior science fellow at the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, told AP. Coyle headed the Pentagon’s office of operational testing and evaluation between 1994 and 2001. He added that the GDM tests are “scripted for success,” which makes the failure rate “astonishing.” Deployed in 2004 by the Bush administration, the GMD has never been used it combat. There are currently 32 interceptor missiles in Fort Greely, Alaska and four at Vandenberg. Eight more are supposed to come on-line by the end of this year, AP reported. While North Korea currently lacks the capability to hit the US mainland, a senior military intelligence official warned that such a development is only a matter of time. "If left on its current trajectory the regime will ultimately succeed in fielding a nuclear-armed missile capable of threatening the United States homeland," Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), told the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this week. "While nearly impossible to predict when this capability will be operational, the North Korean regime is committed and is on a pathway where this capability is inevitable," Stewart added. Where to watch Schedule N. Korea may use its ‘mysterious islands’ for missile launches – report N. Korea missile tests: UNSC threatens Pyongyang with sanctions, says launches must stop US lawmakers propose total tourist travel ban to North Korea amid rising tensions Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wifi Market Demand & Opportunity Outlook 2016-2021: Market is Projected to Expand at a CAGR of 26.35% – Research and Markets InFlight Wifi   Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “InFlight Wifi Market -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/695065-asia-pacific-inflight-wifi-market-demand-opportunity-outlook-2021   Covered In This Report: Asia-Pacific in-flight Wi-Fi market of the region is majorly boosted by the increasing number of air passengers. In the past 20 years, Asia Pacific region has witnessed an increase in the number of air passengers by over 6.5%. This trend of growth is anticipated to continue for the coming 10-12 years. Backed up by this trend, Asia Pacific is expected to account for 40.8% of the global air transport in comparison to that of 28% at present. Citing the above mentioned scenario, the in-flight Wi-Fi market is projected to expand at a CAGR>26.35% during 2015-2021. In addition to that, rising penetration of smartphones and formulation of favorable guidelines by the aviation authorities from countries like India for the use of in-flight Wi-Fi services inside an aircraft would further bid to boost the airborne wireless connectivity market over the next few years. In August 2016. Aviation Ministry of India has given a green signal to launch in-flight wifi services in the country. Hence, a spur a expected by the launch of such services. Over the past 10 years, the jetliners fleet in the Asia-Pacific region has experienced almost double increment in its number from 2,901 to 5,852 aircrafts. The number of jet operators in the region also increased from 151 to 226 registering a growth of almost 51% in the past decade. The capacity of the aircrafts also witnessed an annual growth of 7.1% and the number of flight routes within and from the region increased from 2,210 to 3,820, exhibiting a growth of around 58% during the same period. The two major airline companies of the Asia-Pacific region i.e. Boeing and Airbus further anticipates that in order to satisfy the growing air passenger traffic, the demand for new aircrafts would soar from 12,520 to 15,010 aircrafts in the coming 20 years. This burgeoned increase in the total number of aircrafts would surely lead Asia-Pacific to achieve the fastest growth in the in-flight Wi-Fi market in the coming future. With rising use of social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc. in the country, the number of social media users would also increase in future. This trend would surely expand the opportunities for the growth of in-flight W-Fi in India.   The year-on year (Y-O-Y) growth rate of most of the Asia-Pacific countries would observe an increase during the period of 2015-2016 (except that of Japan, Singapore and Indonesia). The reason behind this growth could be attributed to strengthening of the economy of most of the Asia-Pacific countries which would lead to larger investments for the development of in-flight Wi-Fi in the region. In a major country such as India, the penetration of social media is witnessing a continuous increase in recent few years. Currently, the total number of social media users in the country is approximately 144 million. Out of this, 120 million users belonged to the urban areas and 24 million from that of rural areas in India. Initially, the passenger traffic at the airports in Asia-Pacific declined from 1.8% in 2012 to 0.6% in 2013. But, with the commencement of the year 2014, the passenger traffic started rising and the growth rate climbed to 4.6% in comparison to 2013. Further, in 2015, the passenger traffic at airports again witnessed a growth at an average of 5.2% over 2014. However, lack of safety and security, higher costs and lack of technology are some of the major challenges that would restrain the growth of in-flight Wi-Fi market during the forecast period. The global in-flight Wi-Fi market is segmented on the basis of type such as hardware and services. . By 2021, the service segment is believed to have the highest market share by 2021. On the basis of technology, the market is segmented into two main types i.e. ATG (Air-to-Ground) and satellite technology. The ATG technology covered the largest segment of the market in 2015, but owing to larger adoption of the satellite based technology by the airline companies, the satellite segment is anticipated to observe the highest compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 22.03% during 2015-2021. The Asia-Pacific in-flight WiFi market is being studied on the basis of country and their performance in recent years. Further, Asia-Pacific in-flight Wi-Fi market is projected to exhibit a strong CAGR (Compound annual growth rate) of >10% . It has been noticed that Asia-Pacific captured the highest share after Americas in global in-flight Wi-Fi market in 2015 followed by Asia-Pacific. Maintaining the same trend, Asia-Pacific is projected to dominate the global inflight WiFi market between 2015 and 2021. Asia Pacific region is anticipated to grow at a rapid pace owing to some of the major factors such as robust economic growth, rising disposable income and increasing penetration of smartphones. The key players of the in-flight Wi-Fi market include ViaSat, Honeywell International Inc., Global Eagle Entertainment, Thales Group, SITA, Kymeta Corporation, Gogo Inc. etc.   Key Answers Captured in Report?  Which geography would have better demand for product/services?  What are the strategies adopted by big players in the regional market?  Which country would see the steep rise in CAGR & year-on-year (Y-O-Y) growth?  What is the current & expected market size in next five years?  What is the market feasibility for long term investment?  What opportunity the country would offer for existing and new players in the market?  What is risk involved for suppliers in the geography?  What factors would drive the demand for the product/service in near future?  What is the impact analysis of various factors in the market growth?  What are the recent trends in the regional market and how successful they are? Make An Enquiry Before Buying This Report@ . https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/695065-asia-pacific-inflight-wifi-market-demand-opportunity-outlook-2021 Table of Contents List of Figures List of Tables Executive Summary Research Methodology Global In-flight Wi-Fi Market Overview     5.1 Global Market Size and Year-on-Year (Y-O-Y) Growth Rate, 2015-2021 Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wi-Fi Market Trend Analysis Asia-Pacific In-Flight Wi-Fi Market Dynamics 7.1.1 Drivers 7.1.1.1 Increasing Penetration of Smartphones 7.1.1.2 Rise in Tech Savvy Population 7.1.1.3 Increase in Number of Airline Passengers 7.1.1.4 Growing Demand of In-flight Entertainment Services 7.1.1.5 Favorable Regulations by Aviation Authorities 7.1.2 Restraints 7.1.2.1 Lack of Awareness 7.1.2.2 Lack of Technology 7.1.2.3 High installation cost 7.1.2.4 Lack of Safe and Secure Technology Continued…  Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=695065    Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk)    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsInFlight Wifi, InFlight Wifi  Manufacturers, InFlight Wifi  Market Report, InFlight Wifi  Market Research, InFlight Wifi  Market Sales, InFlight Wifi  Market Trends, InFlight Wifi Industry, InFlight Wifi Market, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silicon Dioxide Aerogel Market Growth rate, Consumption Research Report and Design Guidelines Overview 2017 Next PostNext Buprenorphine Hydrochloride Market Outlook to 2022: Top Companies in Market, Trends & Growth Factors and Details for Business Development Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 2 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Forget Supersonic. Hypersonic Is the U.S. Military’s New Speed Justin Bachman Bloomberg May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Phantom Express is envisioned as a highly autonomous experimental spaceplane, shown in this artist’s concept. More In the future, military dominance will depend partly on how fast you can fly and how quickly you can get into space. That’s one of the guiding principles behind an advanced Pentagon project to build a spacecraft able to launch smaller payloads into low-earth orbit on short notice, and at lower cost. Boeing Co.’s XS-1 (Experimental Spaceplane), which the company dubs “Phantom Express,” got a green light this week by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa. The XS-1 is designed to quickly lift satellites as heavy as 3,000 pounds into orbit for $5 million or less, launching from the ground, deploying a small upper-stage module, and then landing like a traditional airplane—the key to reuse and lower operating expense. Darpa also has a separate program aimed at launching 100-pound satellites for less than $1 million per launch, using conventional aircraft. More from Bloomberg.com: McCain Says Trump's Actions Have Unsettled Allies and Americans “The XS-1 would be neither a traditional airplane nor a conventional launch vehicle but rather a combination of the two, with the goal of lowering launch costs by a factor of ten and replacing today’s frustratingly long wait time with launch on demand,” Jess Spoonable, a Darpa program manager, said in a May 24 statement. “When most people think about hypersonic aircraft, many believe they would have to be large, expensive, and exotic.” The Phantom Express will be powered with an Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. AR-22 engine, a newer version of the main engine trio that served on NASA’s Space Shuttle. Boeing will design and build the aircraft through 2019, including 10 engine ground firings over 10 days, followed by 12-15 flight tests in 2020. A Boeing spokeswoman declined to comment on the project’s cost. More from Bloomberg.com: Old World Order Alive But Unwell After Four Months of Trump Beyond the military’s desire for a spaceplane, such a craft would likely carry immense appeal for commercial companies, many of which are planning to launch constellations of small satellites. These companies don’t need the weight capability, or large expense, associated with traditional payload launches sold by United Launch Alliance, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin Corp. joint venture, Arianespace, or Elon Musk’s SpaceX. The XS-1 is also envisioned as a means to further engineering work on advanced airframe designs capable of hypersonic flight, generally five to 10 times above Mach 1, the speed of sound at sea level (approximately 767 miles-per-hour). Historically, these designs have been challenged due to the intense friction and heat generated by higher Mach speeds. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Blasts Germany Again for Trade Deficit and NATO Support Beyond a quick pop into space, a craft with hypersonic speed offers the Pentagon a new capability—an aircraft deployable anywhere in the world in less than three hours. “When most people think about hypersonic aircraft, many believe they would have to be large, expensive, and exotic,” Lockheed Martin says. “It’s time we change that perception.” One way the defense contractor is trying to do that is with the next generation of the SR-71 Blackbird, the Cold War-era speed demon able to fly at Mach 3, which provided critical reconnaissance for the Air Force until the late 1990s, when it was retired. The SR-71 still holds numerous speed and altitude records. The new Lockheed Skunk Works project, called the SR-72, is a proposal envisioning an unmanned aircraft that cruises at Mach 6—roughly twice as fast as the 2,300-mile-per-hour SR-71—meaning “an adversary would have no time to react or hide,” Lockheed Martin says in its promotional materials. A Skunk Works spokeswoman declined to comment on hypersonic projects. The SR-72 could be operational by 2030, for less than $1 billion, according to the company, which has been touting the aircraft for several years. Boeing has previously experimented with hypersonic flight with its X-51 WaveRider, a small scramjet platform, dropped from a B-52 bomber, which flew its last test mission in 2013 over the Pacific. The X-51 topped Mach 5, or about 4,000 mph. In the 1960s, NASA experimented with the manned X-15, a high-altitude, hypersonic flight program to inform future space missions. In 1967, the X-15 achieved a record Mach 6.7 (4,520 mph) at more than 102,000 feet. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEZDWoJdC7w   More from Bloomberg.com Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Merkel’s European Wake-Up Call Is Being Answered in the Nordics Live From My Yacht: Tycoon Trolls Putin Foe on YouTube Read Forget Supersonic. Hypersonic Is the U.S. Military’s New Speed on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US missile defense test triggers alarm in Russia, China as North Korea issues new warnings CNBC Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored The Real Legacy of the US Wars in the Mideast — Never-Ending Debt The Fiscal Times In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video If Trump won’t address climate changes, states, cities and companies will Yahoo Finance Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Aerospace & Defense ETFs Continue To Surge (PPA) May 26, 2017 11:11am NYSE:PPA ShareTweet From David Fabian: Sometimes you stumble across a sector of the market that is just in the right place at the right time. That may very well be the sentiment driving the remarkable price action in aerospace and defense stocks in the current geopolitical environment. These companies are the driving forces behind military and commercial aircraft, defense equipment, and other services designed to support the armed forces. The largest and most well-known exchange-traded fund that tracks this group is the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (ITA). This passively managed index fund has $2.9 billion dedicated to a short list of just 39 large-cap stocks including: Boeing (BA), United Technologies Corp (UTX), and Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT). ITA just recently hit new all-time highs and is significantly outperforming the broader SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) over the last twelve months. The chart below shows just how sharply ITA took off after the 2016 election results as the expectation of additional military spending lurked on the horizon. Another established fund in this class is the PowerShares Aerospace & Defense Portfolio (PPA). This ETF tales a slightly broader approach to its index construction criteria by including 52 defense stocks. Many of the top holdings are similar to that of ITA, although there is greater differentiation in the bottom quartile of the portfolio. This will likely only produce small variations in performance over longer cycles. It is worth noting that PPA charges a modestly higher expense ratio of 0.64% versus 0.44% in ITA. Cost is becoming an ever more important consideration when investors compare similar passively managed ETFs. Unless a higher cost fund offers a distinctively unique strategy or enhanced liquidity, its likely to have diminished utility over the long-term. The cheapest fund in this group is the youngest entrant in the SPDR S&P Aerospace & Defense ETF (XAR). This ETF debuted in 2011 and offers a different approach to the weighting of its constituents. The 38 underlying holdings are derived from the aerospace & defense category of the S&P Total Market Index and equal weighted across the board. This provides smaller companies with a greater share of the fund’s assets and allows them to contribute meaningfully to performance. XAR also charges the lowest expense ratio of its peers at just 0.35%. The Bottom Line ETFs that track defense stocks tend to be more aggressive and potentially more volatile than the broader market based on their concentrated portfolios. Investors that are considering these tools should opt to take smaller, tactical positions compared to a traditional core holding with wider diversification and minimal expenses. It also goes without saying that politics and global military trends are likely to have the biggest impact on the direction of these ETFs over the next several years. The PowerShares Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSE:PPA) was trading at $46.15 per share on Friday morning, down $0.05 (-0.11%). Year-to-date, PPA has gained 10.57%, versus a 8.12% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. PPA currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #11 of 34 ETFs in the Industrials Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of FMD Capital. Tags: Aerospace defense Equity NYSE:PPA NYSE:PPA PowerShares Aerospace & Defense (ETF)(NYSE:PPA) Categories: NYSE:PPA Read Next Aerospace & Defense ETFs Rise As Trump Inks Arms Deal With Saudis (ITA) Big Opportunities Still Exist In The Aerospace & Defense Sector These ETFs Stand To Benefit From Trump’s Big Defense Spending Plans Defense ETFs In Focus As Trump Pledges To Boost Defense Spending National Defense: Is Another Spending Boom on the Horizon? Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular 5 Reasons Why Ethereum (ETH) Will Continue To Rise Why Ethereum Could Surpass Bitcoin By Next Year Why Ethereum Is Going To $550 This Year Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: June 5, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Federal Politics Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Home Politics News EXCLUSIVE May 27 2017 Save Print License article 'Taxpayers sabotaged': Companies not paying tax despite receiving $6 billion in government contracts Eryk Bagshaw Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Political Insider: Sign up for our newsletter Multinational companies winning taxpayer-funded contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars are not paying tax, a Fairfax Media investigation of Tax Office and tender data has revealed. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Rolf Harris not guilty of indecent assaults Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:03 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:48 Big companies, small tax Big companies, small tax Fairfax's Eryk Bagshaw investigates the companies that secure multi-million-dollar government contracts, but pay little tax. Up Next Rolf Harris not guilty of indecent assaults Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:03 Video duration 01:03 Rolf Harris not guilty of indecent ... Rolf Harris not guilty of indecent assaults The 87-year-old entertainer heard at Southwark Crown Court on Tuesday that the prosecution would not seek a further retrial on charges that he groped teenage girls. Up Next We are united: Mattis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 We are united: Mattis We are united: Mattis US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defence Secretary James Mattis have vowed to strengthen the Australia-US alliance during AUSMIN talks in Sydney. Up Next Four Australians caught up in London terror attacks Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:59 Video duration 00:59 Four Australians caught up in London ... Four Australians caught up in London terror attacks Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has confirmed four Australians were caught up in the London terror attacks. Up Next 'Someone help me, I've just been stabbed' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 'Someone help me, I've just been stabbed' 'Someone help me, I've just been stabbed' Darwin electrician Andrew Morrison, one of four Australians injured in the London terror attack, recounts how he was stabbed. Up Next Concerns for two Aussies in London Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:12 Video duration 01:12 Concerns for two Aussies in London Concerns for two Aussies in London Four Australians have been caught up in the London terror attack with two injured and concerns for two others. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says people should stay away from London Bridge. Up Next Victorian drivers flout law despite safety campaigns Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:52 Video duration 01:52 Victorian drivers flout law despite ... Victorian drivers flout law despite safety campaigns A survey of more than 700 drivers found a third admitted to reading a text behind the wheel. Up Next Trump's climate call Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:42 Video duration 01:42 Trump's climate call Trump's climate call US President Donald Trump has withdrawn America from the Paris climate change agreement, but Australia will not follow according to the energy minister. More videos Big companies, small tax Fairfax's Eryk Bagshaw investigates the companies that secure multi-million-dollar government contracts, but pay little tax. Computer giant IBM, software company SAP and military arsenal provider Northrop Grumman are among those paying little or no tax in Australia, while scoring hundreds of government contracts. A Fairfax Media analysis of 20 of the largest tender-winning companies over the past decade has found taxpayers shelled out $6 billion for services ranging from tank maintenance to software. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link IBM has a $1 billion contract to overhaul computing at the Department of Human Services but has failed to sign onto the government's tax transparency reforms Photo: Craig Warga But those top 20 companies paid only a combined $42 million in tax in the last financial year, Tax Office data shows, meaning Australia may have missed out on as much as $264 million in tax if the companies paid the average rate of 30 per cent. Australian business leaders have accused the Turnbull government of fostering an "unconscionable situation" and "sabotaging the taxpayer". Advertisement Japanese tech conglomerate Fujitsu, winner of a $42 million contract for broadcasting technology in August, paid the highest tax rate of the top 20, at 18 per cent. The company, which made a global profit of $1 billion last year, has secured 268 taxpayer-funded tenders over the past decade. All companies that responded to questions from Fairfax Media said they operated legally and reduced their total tax payable by claiming tax credits for development or carrying tax losses forward. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Australia's new spy plane: The Northrop Grumman-built Triton unmanned aircraft. Photo: Northrop-Grumman Read their responses in full here. Fairfax Media can reveal Coalition senator Barry O'Sullivan first raised concerns with former treasurer Joe Hockey more than three years ago, but despite the 2015 recommendations of a Senate inquiry, little direct action has been taken by the government. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Small business ombudsman Kate Carnell is investigating procurement for Australian businesses.  Photo: Louise Kennerley The Tax Office's Black Economy report, released on budget night, urged the government to "take the lead" and limit tender opportunities to companies that have a good tax record. In documents recently released under freedom of information, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann previously said assessing a company's tax rate for tenders was impractical and warned that discriminating against foreign companies would be a breach of free trade obligations. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Labor has adopted the 2015 Senate inquiry recommendation that tenderers be forced to state their country of tax.  Photo: Louise Kennerley "This would demand very specific expertise and impose significant compliance costs for businesses as well as the Commonwealth," he said in 2016. Bureau of Statistics figures show that in 2014-15, $52 billion of the $59 billion awarded in tenders were attached to an Australian address. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Finance Minister Mathias Cormann said "such actions are not in keeping with the government's commitment to reduce internal and external red tape." Photo: Alex Ellinghausen Many, such as airplane titan Boeing, which has taken out 232 tenders over the past decade, operate from an Australian address while being owned by their US based parent company. A spokesman said Boeing paid taxes in Australia in accordance with relevant laws and requirements. "Boeing paid its tax for that fiscal year in previous years and then applied tax losses combined with a small R&D tax credit," he said.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Coalition senator Barry O'Sullivan first raised concerns with former treasurer Joe Hockey more than three years ago.  Photo: Andrew Meares It is understood Senator O'Sullivan was particularly concerned about the increasingly uneven playing field in IT contracts, a problem that has emerged as more government services move online. IBM has a $1 billion contract to overhaul computing at the Department of Human Services but has failed to sign on to the government's tax transparency reforms. It has won 178 tenders in the past decade but paid 0 per cent tax last year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Concerns were raised to Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer through a ministerial brief.  Photo: Alex Ellinghausen A confidential ministerial brief for Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer states the measures in the government's tax integrity package and the Multinational Anti Avoidance Law would ensure that activity taking place in Australia is taxed in Australia. But neither it nor the recently released procurement rules from the Department of Finance include a provision for withholding government contracts from companies not paying tax; rather suppliers are asked to "provide an economic benefit" through paying tax in Australia. Labor has adopted the 2015 Senate inquiry recommendation that tenderers be forced to state their country of tax. "Disclosure isn't discrimination," said Labor's shadow assistant treasurer Andrew Leigh. "You see the analogy with Plutus payroll [which allegedly defrauded $165 million from the tax office] – good companies which have been working for many decades missed out on government tenders because their model involved paying tax." Small Business Minister Michael McCormack is also understood to have advocated for a greater focus on small to medium-sized Australian enterprises, which receive less than a quarter of all government contracts, despite the value of all tender contracts more than doubling from $26 billion to $56 billion in the past decade. Mercury chief executive John Anastasiou, who has contracts under threat from SAP, a company that paid 15 per cent tax last year, said he was deeply disturbed by the situation. "It is unconscionable that they are generating large sums of money from Australian taxpayers while contributing a paltry amount to the system that is supporting their business," he wrote in a letter to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Optical Superstore chief executive Ian Melrose, who lost a defence contract to Specsavers, headquartered in the corporate tax haven of Guernsey in the Channel Islands, said the concept of letting Australian taxpayers' money support a contract "whose headquarters have a zero tax rate sabotages the Australian taxpayer." Small Business Ombudsman Kate Carnell has launched an investigation into the issue. "This scenario has gotten worse because the government has gone to fewer bigger tenders," she said. "A mower used to get the mowing contract, a maintenance company got the maintenance contract and the defence expert got the defence contract. Those three have now been pulled into one contact picked up by large multinationals." KPMG's Australian tax leader, Grant Wardell-Johnson, said the recommendations of the ATO's black economy report were an appropriate next step. "If I was to draft the laws and you were involved in anti-avoidance activity that would threaten your procurement," he said. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as 'Taxpayers sabotaged': Companies not paying tax despite receiving $6 billion in government contracts . Advertisement Most Popular Australia refuses to grant grieving wife a visa for refugee husband's funeral Fourth Australian caught up in London attack Ross Gittins: we'll have another bad recession sooner or later Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Australian senator in shock after being caught up in London attack Property News Sydney has biggest ever June auction ... Contains: External link A third of home owners risk losing ... Contains: External link Follow Politics Fairfax Breaking news, video and analysis from Fairfax Media's federal team. Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Federal Politics Australia refuses to grant grieving wife a visa for refugee husband's funeral Fourth Australian caught up in London attack Ross Gittins: we'll have another bad recession sooner or later Australian senator in shock after being caught up in London attack Talk of recession as Australia takes world record WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Lockheed Martin drops out of over-the-horizon missile competition The company is the second this month, after Boeing, to pull out of a U.S. Navy contest to replace the AGM-84 Harpoon on the Littoral Combat Ship and frigate-class warships. By Stephen Carlson   |   May 26, 2017 at 9:44 AM Follow @upi Comments May 26 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has chosen to drop its Long Range Anti-Ship Missile, or LRASM, out of the Navy competition for a new anti-ship missile meant for the Littoral Combat Ship and frigate-class warships. "After long and careful consideration, Lockheed Martin has decided to withdraw from the U.S. Navy Over-the-Horizon Weapon System competition. As the current OTH-WS request for proposal process refined over time, it became clear that our offering would not be fully valued," the company told USNI News. "If additional changes are made to the RFP, Lockheed Martin would review the new requirements and assess whether our capability would be a good fit to meet the U.S. Navy's needs, as we would with any RFP." Lockheed is the second company to drop out of the competition to replace the AGM-84 Harpoon, since Boeing also dropped out of the competition earlier this month, pulling back on its update of the missile. "We've kept up to speed on every [request for proposal] modification and with that the constant change in the top-level requirements every time they do a modified release," Troy Rutherford, director of Boeing Cruise Missile Systems, said at the time. "We don't see that this solicitation isn't the right place for us to make entrée into the surface Navy because of how it undervalues our overall capability." The AGM-84 Harpoon, originally designed by McDonnell Douglas, has been in service since 1977 with countries around the world. It has been used in combat multiple times, and can be launched from air, sea, and land from a variety of systems. Lockheed Martin's LRASM is a ship-launched missile designed to be launched from the MK 41 Vertical Launch System on naval ships, and can be deployed by aircraft. It uses the same systems as the Tactical Tomahawk, with a more accurate long-range targeting system than the Harpoon. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories SkyGuardian drone tops 48 hours in air Boeing, DARPA to collaborate on experimental spaceplane MD Helicopters to support MD 530F Cayuse Warrior in Afghanistan Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems, Helios to collaborate on liquid armor 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- BAE Systems and Helios Global Technologies have signed an agreement under a Memorandum of Understanding to develop liquid-armor for ground troops. European Reassurance Initiative requests billion-dollar budget increase 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- The budget request for the Department of Defense's European Reassurance Initiative has been increased by $1.4 billion to $4.8 billion. Lockheed awarded contract for extended range air-to-surface missiles 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has received a $413.8 million contract for Lot 15 Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles -- Extended Range, or JASSM-ER. Sweden testing handheld EOD sensor units 2 days ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Handheld mine detection units are undergoing Swedish military tests. KC-46A tanker receives electronic testing 3 days ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- The KC-46A Pegasus aerial tanker is undergoing testing at Benfield Anechoic Facility to ensure it meets FAA regulations and certifications requirements. Trending Stories Dueling Sunday rallies planned in Portland in wake of double murder Former Notre Dame QB Malik Zaire picks Florida in transfer Brooklyn cop in critical condition after car drags 2 1/2 blocks Canadian man calmly mows lawn with tornado behind him Police: Papa John's workers delivered cocaine in pizza boxes PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events Paris Air Show 2017 CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: AIR ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Air US Navy kicks-off Super Hornet Block 3 effort with IRST contract Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's International Defence Review 26 May 2017 The US Navy (USN) has begun the process of upgrading its F/A-18E/F Super Hornet to the latest Block 3 standard, with a contract award to Boeing to incorporate the Block 2 Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) onto the combat aircraft. A mock-up of the integrated Block 2 IRST system seen forward of the nosewheel on this Super Hornet that was fitted with the improvements planned under the International Roadmap. This moniker was changed to the Advanced Super Hornet, and has now become the Super Hornet Block 3. (IHS Markit/Gareth Jennings) The cost-plus-incentive-fee contract, which was announced by the Department of Defense (DoD) on 25 May, is valued at USD89 million and covers the initial design and development, procurement of prototyping hardware, technical risk reduction efforts, integrated product support, and technical reviews of the Block 2 IRST with the F/A-18E/F to support the system through the preliminary design review. Work is expected to be completed in April 2020. The USN's Super Hornets already field an IRST in the guise of the podded AN/ASG-34. This system, which was developed by Lockheed Martin, with assistance from Boeing and General Electric, is not integrated into the aircraft but is instead housed in a modified centreline drop tank that is carried on the centreline hardpoint. With this system, the Super Hornet is able to identify and track aircraft from their thermal signature (either through the engine or the aerodynamic heating of the airframe). Not being integrated, the AN/ASG-34 is very much an interim solution prior to the navy adopting an internal system. The Block 2 IRST is one of a number of enhancements for the Super Hornet that the USN is set to incorporate under its Block 3 plan to take the aircraft's service life out to the end of the 2040s. Block 3, which was previously known by Boeing as the Super Hornet International Roadmap and then as the Advanced Super Hornet, is built around a new more powerful processor than the one currently fitted to the aircraft. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (308 of 613 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Air IHS Jane's International Defence Review AMERICAS Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy SEA PLATFORMS US creating database with serial numbers for arms given to Syrian Kurds MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN accepts delivery of new Ford aircraft carrier SEA PLATFORMS Vietnam seeks to procure additional US defence equipment INDUSTRY AMERICAS Embraer providing executive-class aircraft for military missions MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN: Increasing service life of in-service ships key to 355-ship navy SEA PLATFORMS US creating database with serial numbers for arms given to Syrian Kurds MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN accepts delivery of new Ford aircraft carrier SEA PLATFORMS Vietnam seeks to procure additional US defence equipment INDUSTRY C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS USN aims for information warfare 'Top Gun' C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT 'Cyber ISR' a necessity C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT India’s first Scorpène boat completes final tests and readies for commissioning C4ISR: MARITIME Indra aims for further submarine ESM success C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Beijing plans underwater monitoring system in East and South China seas, says report C4ISR: MARITIME C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS USN aims for information warfare 'Top Gun' C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT 'Cyber ISR' a necessity C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT India’s first Scorpène boat completes final tests and readies for commissioning C4ISR: MARITIME Indra aims for further submarine ESM success C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Beijing plans underwater monitoring system in East and South China seas, says report C4ISR: MARITIME IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Realism paramount in cyber training IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW US homeland missile defence testing to get increasingly realistic IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW USN aims for information warfare 'Top Gun' IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW 'Cyber ISR' a necessity IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Attribution challenges continue in cyber domain IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Realism paramount in cyber training COUNTRY RISK US homeland missile defence testing to get increasingly realistic WEAPONS USN aims for information warfare 'Top Gun' C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT 'Cyber ISR' a necessity C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Attribution challenges continue in cyber domain COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Evolving expeditionary capabilities In a period generally characterised by lean defence budgets and more complex and demanding military requirements, Jim Dorschner reports on how some armed forces around the world are developing and fielding multirole expeditionary capabilities Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 DARPA reveals design of its space plane for faster, cheaper satellite launches Adario Strange• Mashable•May 26, 2017 Launching satellites into orbit could get a lot cheaper thanks to an experimental space plane.  SEE ALSO: NASA's new space fabric looks like chain mail and can protect astronauts This week, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) revealed the design for the XS-1, which is set to be built by Boeing. The hypersonic aircraft would launch vertically, deploy a second stage to carry a satellite into orbit, and then land like a normal airplane.  Although the aircraft is still in the concept phase, DARPA believes the final result will be a vehicle that will provide "short-notice, low-cost access to space" for both military and commercial use. Initial tests of the XS-1 technology will attempt 10 flights over the course of 10 days with the ultimate goal being routine low-Earth orbit flights for around $5 million or less per launch. (Currently, it costs SpaceX about $62 million to launch its Falcon 9 rocket into orbit.) "We're delighted to see this truly futuristic capability coming closer to reality," DARPA's Brad Tousley said in a statement on the agency's website. "Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities." And while this futuristic space plane and the opportunities it may afford sound exciting, actual flight tests aren't scheduled to happen until 2020. For now, you'll have to use the concept video (above) to imagine this very near future of space travel.  WATCH: Https%3a%2f%2fblueprint api production.s3.amazonaws.com%2fuploads%2fvideo uploaders%2fdistribution thumb%2fimage%2f440%2fb0778bf4 ba86 43fb ac61 9c5cc7ea776aMore Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,281 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,670 reactions7%75%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,992 reactions4%55%41% Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,782 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 51 reactions3%65%32% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in Steve Kerr's return 432 reactions5%79%16% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 28 reactions2%60%38%
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Commercial and Military Flight Simulation Market 2015-2022 - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Commercial and Military Flight Simulation - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Commercial and Military Flight Simulation in US$ Million by the following Product/Service Segments: Commercial Flight Simulation (Commercial Full Flight Simulators, Commercial Flight Training Devices, & Commercial Flight Training Services) Military Flight Simulation (Military Full Flight Simulators, Military Flight Training Devices, & Military Flight Training Services). The report profiles 78 companies including many key and niche players such as: Alsim Flight Training Solutions (France) Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc. (Canada) CAE, Inc. (Canada) Cubic Corporation (USA) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) ELITE Simulation Solutions (USA) FlightSafety International, Inc. (USA) FRASCA International, Inc. (USA) HAVELSAN A.S. (Turkey) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) L3 Technologies, Inc. (USA) L3 Link Simulation & Training (USA) Rockwell Collins, Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) The Boeing Company (USA) TRU Simulation + Training Inc. (USA) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW A Prelude New Aircraft Models to Drive Growth Oil Prices Take a Toll on Military Spending Outlook 2. KEY MARKET TRENDS, GROWTH DIVERS & ISSUES Improvement in Global GDP Performance Bodes Well for the Market Commercial Aviation Emerges as Major End-Use Sector for Flight Simulation Demand for Civil Aviation Pilots Set to Accelerate in the Future An Indication of Opportunity in Store for Commercial Flight Simulation Market  Regulatory Safety Compliance Drives Demand for Flight Simulators in the Commercial Aviation Sector Multi Crew Pilot Licensing Process to Support Demand for Simulators Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Act of 2010 Implications Opportunities in Military Aviation Sector Growth Drivers in a Nutshell Rising Global Security Concerns Propel Growth of Military Flight Simulator Review of Defense Budgets & Implications on Military Flight Simulation market Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Simulation: Emerging Opportunity Need to Save on High Fuel Costs Drive Increased Demand for Flight Simulators New Generation Aircraft Drive Demand for Flight Simulation Products & Services in Commercial & Military Aviation Sectors Sophisticated Avionics Create New Opportunities for Flight Simulators Technology Developments & Product Innovations Expand Market Opportunities for Simulators Fully-Loaded Products Help Boost Market Prospects for Flight Simulation Products Cost Drives the Technology Shift in Commercial Flight Simulators Industry Military Simulation Training Embraces Simulators in Plug and Play Mode Designers of Military Simulators Draw Inspiration from the Gaming Arena Networking and Interoperability Gains Prominence Flight Training Services Market to Witness Robust Growth Innovation in Aircraft Platforms Spurs Demand for Training Services Online Simulation Based Aviation Pilot Training Grows in Popularity Simulator Manufacturers Expand into the Training Services Field to Expand Revenue Opportunities Full Flight Simulators Continue to Gain Prominence Prices of FFSs and FTDs Continue to Slide Emerging Markets to Lend Traction to Growth in Coming Years Modernization to Drive Growth in Developed Economies Competition Strategic Alliances and Collaborations: Key Competitive Factors Key Market Share Findings A Peek into the Recent Past Leading Players in Global Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Link Simulation & Training, and Others Leading Players in Global Commercial Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Link Simulation & Training, and Others Leading Players in Global Military Full-Flight Simulators (FFS) Market (2013): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Simulators for Boeing, CAE, FlightSafety International, L-3 Communications, Lockheed Martin, Thales Group, and Others 3. PRODUCT OVERVIEW Flight Simulation Full Flight Simulators Flight Training Devices Flight Training Services Need for Flight Simulation Evaluation of a Flight Simulator Evaluation Method Evaluating the Results History of Flight Simulation Advancements in Recent Past Focus on Select Flight Simulator/Device Models CAE Simfinity M/FTD for Airbus MP520 MP521 DARPA's SIMNET TacAir-Soar G-FET II Tactical Flight Simulator Regulatory Environment EU Lifts Tariff on Aircraft Simulator Imports An Overview of the 2001 Aviation and Transportation Security Act 4. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS Presagis Introduces CRAFT Series Customizable Simulation Platforms ALSIM to Introduce AL250 Flight Simulator in the US Vencore to Introduce Upgraded Simulation Software Frasca Unveils New Simulator Technology Rockwell Collins and Zen Technologies Introduce Military Flight Simulator in India 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY ALSIM and Orient Flights Sign MoU for Simulator Centers CAE Bags Contract from Airbus CAE Signs Multiple Training Contract Solutions Worldwide CAE Upgrades CAE GESI Constructive Simulation System in Austria CAE and ADA Expand Training Agreement Rockwell Collins Signs Collaboration Agreement with Bluedrop Training and Simulation Frasca Bags Contract for TBM 930 Simulator from SIMCOM Aviation Training Pacific Simulators and ELITE Simulation Sign Distribution Agreement CAE Wins Multiple Simulator Sale and Training Contracts L-3 Communications Takes Over Aerosim L-3 Communications Bags Contract for A320 Full Flight Simulator from ANA Frasca Bags Contract for EC135 Simulator from TKK, Tokyo Frasca Bags Order for R44/S300 Simulators from China Flying Dragon General Aviation Cubic Bags Contract for Expansion of Simulation Capabilities from US Army Cubic Bags Contract for New Weapons Simulation Capabilities Addition from US Army CAE Signs Agreement to Acquire Lockheed Martin Commercial Flight Training Airbus Helicopters Partners with Helisim and Thales for H160 FFS CAE Bags Training Contracts with Five Airlines Rockwell Collins Bags Simulator Upgrade Contract from EgyptAir Rockwell Collins Selected by Saudi Arabian Airlines for New Visual Systems CAE and Líder Aviação Expand Training Program Joint Venture Frasca Bags Contract for FNPT II Flight Simulators from Turkish Airlines Frasca Signs Long Term Supply Agreement with Grob Aircraft AG 6. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 78 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 93) The United States (39) Canada (7) Europe (35) - France (7) - Germany (8) - The United Kingdom (4) - Italy (2) - Spain (2) - Rest of Europe (12) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (10) Middle East (2) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/3vddqj/commercial_and Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/commercial-and-military-flight-simulation-market-2015-2022---global-strategic-business-report-2017---research-and-markets-300464071.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 26 May, 2017, 08:10 ET Preview: Global Mobile Data Traffic Strategic Business Report 2017-2022: Migration to 4G Technology is Cornerstone for Present & Future Expansion - Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: U.S. Commercial Paving Slabs Market to Reach $2.4 Billion by 2025 - Rising Demand For High Strength Flooring Solutions - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Commercial and Military Flight Simulation Market 2015-2022 - Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 26 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Monday , June 5 2017 About Us Advertise With Us Terms of use Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Muhammad the VI, King of Stability 21 hours ago Qatar … your true friend is the sincere one 2 days ago Egypt strikes ‘terror nests’ 6 days ago Qatar it’s time for the ‘truth’ 2 weeks ago Believers … ‘infidels’ 4 days ago Trump does not trot vainly 3 weeks ago We are extremists’ grandparents 4 weeks ago Tolerance and coexistence vs bigotry and extremism 04/05/2017 ‘Let’s work for progress’ 2 days ago Solace found in West – Why go to ‘unbelievers’ ? 4 days ago Peacekeeping must adapt to new reality 5 days ago Unjustified decision 5 days ago Future of Egypt rests on people’s shoulders 3 weeks ago Iran’s declaration of war must not go unanswered 4 weeks ago Why you should not invest in Iran 27/03/2017 Tackling poverty burning issue 12/02/2017 ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 Cup of coffee… & “Taha Hussein” 2 weeks ago Your course has illuminated life 2 weeks ago Articles in the age of Twitter 3 weeks ago Was she having fun? 4 weeks ago Legal Clinic After Iftar Entertainment Health E-Paper Iran builds 3rd underground factory to manufacture ‘ballistic missiles’ 1 week ago TEHRAN, May 25, (Agencies): Iran has built a third underground plant to manufacture ballistic missiles, the head of its Revolutionary Guards aerospace division General Amir-Ali Hadjizadeh said on Thursday. The announcement as US President Donald Trump makes a maiden foreign tour in which Saudi and Israeli concerns about Iran have loomed large is likely to stoke new tensions with Washington. “Step by step, we are developing our defensive capability and I announce today that in recent years we have built a third underground factory for the manufacture of missiles,” Iran’s Fars news agency quoted Hadjizadeh as saying. “We are going to develop our ballistic power. It’s normal that our enemies, that is to say the United States and Israel, are angry when we show off our underground missile bases because they want the Iranian people to be in a position of weakness,” he added. In October 2015, state television aired footage for the first time of a base that Hadjizadeh said was 500 metres (1,600 feet) underground and stocked with a range of different missiles. Armed forces spokesman General Masoud Jazayeri said earlier this month that Iran had a number of such underground silos which were an “important deterrent factor against the sworn enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran.” The United States says Iran’s missile programme is a breach of international law because the missiles could carry nuclear warheads in the future. Iran denies ever seeking nuclear weapons and says the missiles are designed to carry conventional warheads only and are a legitimate part of it defensive capabilities. The Trump administration imposed fresh sanctions on Iran following a missile test in late January. It added more last week at the same time as it renewed a waiver of sanctions related to Iran’s nuclear programme. In Saudi Arabia on Saturday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged newly re-elected Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to end ballistic missile testing. On Monday, Rouhani retorted that Iran did not need US permission to conduct missile tests and that they would continue “if technically necessary”. Iran has developed various designs of ballistic missiles, some with a range of 2,000 kms (1,250 miles) — sufficient to reach both Israel and US bases in the region. The US Treasury is reviewing licenses for Boeing Co and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran, department head Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday, telling lawmakers he would increase sanctions pressure on Iran, Syria and North Korea. “We will use everything within our power to put additional sanctions on Iran, Syria and North Korea to protect American lives,” Mnuchin said in testimony to the House Ways and Means Committee. “I can assure you that’s a big focus of mine and I discuss it with the president.” Mnuchin did not elaborate on the review of the licenses, which were issued under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions in return for curbs on Iran’s nuclear activities. His statements followed President Donald Trump’s Middle East trip, in which he called on Iran to stop funding “terrorists and militias.” The review suggests that Trump’s support for Boeing’s defense and jetliner businesses could have political limits. Iran has accused Washington of supporting terrorism by backing rebels in Syria and says halting the airplane deals would breach the 2015 nuclear agreement. Mnuchin told the Ways and Means hearing that sanctions “really work” and were responsible for bringing Iran to the negotiating table ahead of the nuclear deal. For Boeing, losing the IranAir deal could affect 777 production, since 15 of the widebody jetliners are incluced in the first approved batch of Boeing aircraft due for delivery to IranAir by 2020. Deliveries start in May next year. Boeing said in December it would cut 777 output by 40 percent this year under plans that include IranAir’s still-tenative order. IranAir has agreed to buy 200 US and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing, 100 from Airbus and 20 turboprops from Franco-Italian ATR. All the aircraft need US licenses because of their reliance on US parts. “Boeing continues to follow the lead of the US government with regards to working with Iran’s airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran’s airlines are contingent upon US government approval,” a spokeswoman said by email. An Airbus spokesman had no immediate comment. Share iran 2017-05-26 Arab Times Previous Visit visa for family members Next Palestinians, Israel police clash at Jerusalem Old City gate Related Articles Rouhani faces pressure to improve rights 5 days ago Amir congratulates Rouhani – ‘Iran has chosen path of engagement’ 2 weeks ago Rouhani looks to beat cleric Raisi – Foreign funds eye to gain foothold 2 weeks ago Khamenei urges massive turnout 3 weeks ago Re-engagement with world at stake in Tehran election – Hardliners unite behind Raisi 3 weeks ago Ex-Prez Khatami endorses Rouhani – Missing reformists real heroes at rally 3 weeks ago Check Also Sunni leader endorses Rouhani – Turnout key for election TEHRAN, May 13, (Agencies): A leading figure of Iran’s minority Sunnis endorsed moderate President Hassan … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Read Posts Ghana govt bans ‘recruitment’ of workers to Kuwait, Gulf countries - Move to curb abuses facing migrant workers ‘Interior’s decision to limit family visas taken after conducting many studies’ KAC expat files sought Work productivity down 30 pc after implementing ‘fingerprint’ Iraqi woman demands KD 8000 for having fun with her daughter ‘CED holds database of 8 mln criminals, citizens, expats’ Rethink on family visas - Decision expected to freeze Kuwait ‘high’ in rating on peace No working outdoors from 11 am to 4 pm - Inspection teams to issue first warning if violation uncovered Kuwait wins Security Council seat - Amir congratulates FM Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2017, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
From the Editors of… Truck Trend Truckin Diesel Power Mini Truckin 8-Lug Work Truck RV LOG IN / SIGN UP Trucks Future Trucks Truck Reviews Cool Trucks Diesel Trucks Diesel Cars Truck of the Year News Tech & How-To Project Trucks Expert Advice Parts & Accessories Paint & Body Chassis & Suspension Engine Transmission & Drivetrain Wheels & Tires Interior & Electrical Towing Features RV & Travel Photos Videos Week In Review Shows & Events Detroit Auto Show Chicago Auto Show Truckin ThrowDown Diesel Power Challenge Truck & Off-Road Festival SEMA Auto Show LA Auto Show More Event Coverage Social Feed Subscribe Subscribe to the Free Newsletter Sign Up today for our FREE Newsletter and get the latest articles and news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Now PHOTO GALLERY (19) X View Full Image Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Home | Features | Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant SHARE Facebook Twitter Google+ Email 8-Lug Magazine features Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Tim Esterdahl – May 25, 2017 Photographers: Tim Esterdahl View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Along the Mississippi River in Davenport, Iowa, sits an enormous 6,500,000-square-foot structure filled with massive machinery. It is home to the Davenport Works plant owned by Arconic (formerly Alcoa), which produces part of the overall order of aluminum Ford requires for its vehicles, like the F-150. A recent tour allowed us to see how the aluminum sheeting is manufactured and look back on how the automotive world has changed since the aluminum Ford F-150 was unveiled. Alcoa Inc. split into two publically traded companies near the end of 2016—Alcoa Corp., the commodity side, and Arconic Inc., the manufactured-products side. We will refer to the new name, Arconic, over Alcoa. The Davenport Works Plant While the Mississippi River may be a stone’s throw away from the plant, inside the nondescript building—which is large enough to completely cover an 18-hole golf course—the smells and visuals of aluminum production dominate the senses. It is like walking into a different world. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 2/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Underneath the roof of the 400-acre facility sits a variety of aluminum production equipment, including an oven to melt down the aluminum ingots and add in a secret makeup of other metals. Several large hot and cold presses send large sheets of aluminum of varying lengths (including 10 to 20 feet long or longer and weighing hundreds to thousands of pounds) down conveyer belts to flatten them like pancakes. These presses, standing stories tall and driven by operators in computer-laden control booths, use the conveyer belts to send the aluminum in and out until the right thickness is obtained. Finally, another machine rolls up the flattened aluminum for transport. The rolled aluminum can sit for days until it is cool enough for transport. Held in place by large metal straps, the spools are then shipped by truck to the stamping plant in Michigan. Upon arrival, the metal strips are cut and the aluminum lays flat again by itself. The process of sheeting the aluminum is done in a matter of minutes and is an incredibly simple system in theory, yet getting the right thickness and chemical compound in each sheet is complex and challenging. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 3/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Monitor Aluminum Changes Ford and Arconic It is hard to truly understand the importance of the relationship between Ford and Arconic without going back in time to 2009. Back then, Ford was just starting the aluminum build plan of its new F-150. Mark Fields spearheaded the plan, knowing the future of trucks revolved around meeting fuel economy standards. While Fields may not have known much about aluminum at the time, then-CEO Alan Mulally sure did, thanks to his days at Boeing. Arconic and Alcoa have been leaders in aluminum production for aerospace, and the Davenport plant plays a big role in producing material for airplanes. The fact that Mulally knew about aluminum usage, combined with Field’s need to drop weight, couldn’t have been better news for Arconic. In 2009, times weren’t exactly rosy for the aluminum producer. Like Ford and other businesses, the recession had taken a toll on the company. In early 2009, Arconic announced it was cutting its global workforce by 13 percent and publicly said it made the move to “hold on to cash and cut costs,” according to a 2009 CNN.com story. It also planned to cut its aluminum output by 750,000 million tons per year, and it planned on reporting a loss in the fourth quarter of that year. The next few years weren’t much better for Arconic. In 2013, it reported a $2.3-billion loss, and the company was delisted from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in September for the first time in 44 years. Thankfully, a decades-long glut of aluminum was coming to an end, partially due to Ford’s new F-150 coming to market. While business was tough, Arconic kept investing in innovations, like a new bonding treatment for aluminum called Arconic 951. This treatment, applied to rolls of aluminum, creates a bond tougher than welded steel and is the secret behind how Ford was able to use the material for its trucks. Armed with this new technique, Arconic invited Mark Fields (now Ford’s CEO) to visit the Davenport plant in 2013 to showcase its ability to meet Ford’s large demand for the metal. This was after Ford showed the Atlas concept at the 2013 North American International Auto Show. Satisfied with its ability to meet demand and after the success of being able to build a concept, Ford moved forward with the F-150. In January 2014, Ford unveiled the aluminum ’15 Ford F-150 at the North American International Auto Show, sending shockwaves throughout the industry. View Photo Gallery | 19 Photos Photo 4/19   |   Arconic Davenport Works Fire Dept F150 Three Years Later From the onset, Ford’s aluminum F-150 faced criticism and concern over the massive use of aluminum. No manufacturer had tried to use the metal on such a massive scale before. There were concerns about reparability, durability, and consumer demand. Looking back at these issues now, none have panned out to be major problems. The fact is, repair and collision centers have adapted to the truck, and the way it was designed for easier repair (swapping out entire sections) has been without issue. While Chevrolet’s infamous dropping of bricks and the toolbox into the bed of the F-150 might have made for good theater, the reality is the trucks seem to be holding up without massive consumer concerns or recalls. Finally, consumers haven’t lost their desire for the F-150. Strong sales continue, and Ford has expanded its use of the metal to several of its products. Arconic was able to rebound from the recession, recently introducing a new Micromill process that turns aluminum from liquid to solid in seconds, cuts down the production process from 20 days to 20 minutes, and requires one-quarter the floor space and half the energy. Plus, the resulting metal is 40 percent more formable and 30 percent stronger. This will allow Arconic to meet Ford’s increasing need for the metal as well as improve the durability of the ’16 Ford F-150 and all future generations. Overall, the move to aluminum seems like an all-around win for both companies and consumers. This isn’t just our conclusion. One look at the sea of Ford F-150s in the employee parking lot outside of the Davenport Works plant—along with our own driving impressions—confirms our conclusion. Sources: money.cnn.com/2009/01/06/news/companies/alcoa/ qctimes.com/business/davenport-works-celebrates-new-arconic-name/ View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery View Photo Gallery More Photos View Slideshow - OF By Tim Esterdahl 24 Articles 0 Comments 0 Comments Follow Truck Trend Network Facebook Twitter Google Instagram RSS POPULAR TRUCKS Ford F-150 Ram 1500 Chevy Silverado 1500 Toyota Tacoma Nissan Frontier Toyota 4Runner Nissan Titan Jeep Grand Cherokee MOST POPULAR Related Articles Truckin Truckin features 2003 Dodge Ram & A 2004 Chevrolet Silverado 2500HD - Readers’ Rides Clean, Homegrown Trucks Anthony Soos – May 28, 2015 8-Lug 8-Lug features Truck Girls - The Garage Truck girls are a unique breed. If they don’t own a killer truck right now, they might have in the... Monica Gonderman – May 27, 2015 Work Truck Work Truck features 2006 Chevy Duramax, 2006 Dodge Ram 3500 and a 1999 Dodge Ram 2500 - Working Readers’ Rigs Hard Working Rigs Monica Gonderman – May 29, 2015 Truck Trend Truck Trend features Epic Road Tests - The Driver’s Seat If there’s one thing that I love more than anything else about this job, it would be getting the o... Jason Gonderman – Jun 1, 2015 Join Our FREE Truck Trend Network Newsletter Sign Up today for our FREE Newsletter and get the latest articles and news delivered right to your in-box. JOIN TODAY Truck Trend Newsletter Sign Up Email: (Required) Zip Code: Internal Promotions Yes – I prefer to receive offers and promotions from Trucktrend Network Yes – I prefer to receive occasional updates with special offers from carefully selected third party partners of Trucktrend Network Terms and Conditions* I am over 13 years old and agree to the terms and conditions of the privacy policy. Sign Up Arconic Davenport Works: Touring an Aluminum Production Plant Chevrolet Counters Ford’s Claim of Aluminum Superiority All-Terrain Tire Buyer’s Guide Lawsuit Alleges Emissions Cheating on LML Duramax Diesel Engine Sections Trucks News Tech & How To Features Shows & Events   Forums Brands Truck Trend Truckin Diesel Power Mini Truckin 8-Lug Work Truck RV Company Contact Us Our Team Careers Sitemap Subscriber Services Personalized Covers Truck Trend Network Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Media Kits Permissions/Reprints Follow Facebook Twitter Gplus Instagram Rss Subscribe To The Magazines © 2017 Truck Trend Network The Enthusiast Network. All rights reserved. Subscribe Today and Save up to 83%! Subscribe to: Truck Trend Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Subscribe to: Diesel Power Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Subscribe to: Truckin Magazine PRINT DIGITAL Print Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Back Issues Personalized Covers SUBSCRIBE TO A MAGAZINE CLOSE X BUYER'S GUIDE SEE THE ALL NEW NEWS, REVIEWS & SPECS RESEARCH VEHICLE TO TOP
Menu asia times EST 1995 Northeast Asia | China's market – sensible people acting insensibly Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 05-06-2017 12:28 Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain ties with Qatar on Monday, accusing the wealthy Gulf Arab state of supporting terrorism. (Reuters) 05-06-2017 10:41 Taking historians and Arab politicians completely by surprise, Israel last week released 150,000 “confidential documents” on the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War of 1967. The Arab world has no counter-archive. (Sami Moubayed) 05-06-2017 09:50 Japan's services sector expanded at the fastest pace in almost two years in May, further evidence that 2017 could see solid growth in the world's third-largest economy and give a fillip to Abenomics. (Asia Times and Reuters) 05-06-2017 08:42 South Korea's new President Moon Jae-in announced a US$10 billion stimulus package on Monday to deliver on an election promise to create 810,000 public sector jobs. The government said the spending won't be financed by debt. (Reuters) 05-06-2017 08:33 Chinese business owners and prospective investors who visited the showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" initiative – an international trade zone on the China-Kazakhstan border – were disappointed. (Sue-Lin Wong and Mariya Gordeyeva) 05-06-2017 08:00 Russian President Vladimir Putin strongly denied he had any compromising material about US President Donald Trump, in a televised interview broadcast on Sunday. (Reuters) 05-06-2017 07:50 After two years of aggressive deal-making – from buying stakes in Deutsche Bank and Hilton Worldwide Holdings to taking over electronics distributor Ingram Micro – Chinese conglomerate HNA Group intends to slow the pace, or at least the size, of its acquisitions overseas. (Reuters) 05-06-2017 04:46 Opinion // How China will react to saber-rattling US T-bond ploy (Andrew Brennan) 04-06-2017 17:20 Last weekend's FA Cup Final at Wembley Stadium still had much of the traditional magic of that storied English tournament, but it also provided a chance to reflect on how much the culture and economics of football have changed. (Richard Cook) 04-06-2017 15:59 English Premier League general manager Richard Masters has thrown his support behind the rise of football in China, revealing members of his organization are in constant contact with their counter-parts in the Chinese Super League. (Pedro Chan) 04-06-2017 15:46 Questions are being raised after a TV channel said radical Islamic preacher Zakir Naik, who is wanted by India, met with three senior Congress leaders in 2010 when he was facing terror-related charges (E Jaya Kumar) 04-06-2017 15:08 Top adviser Matthew Pottinger and newly appointed Ambassador Terry Branstad have emerged as key players in formulating the Trump administration’s policy toward Beijing (Doug Tsuruoka–Editor at Large) 04-06-2017 14:00 Novelist Sethu’s Aliyah: The Last Jew in the Village – translated into English from Malayalam – tells the story of how this migration affected the lives of Jews and others in Chendamangalam village. (E Jaya Kumar) 04-06-2017 13:18 Militants drove a van at high speed into pedestrians on London Bridge before stabbing Saturday night revelers on the street and in nearby bars, killing seven people and wounding 48. (Estelle Shirbon and William James) 04-06-2017 12:46 Increasing numbers of educated young Pakistanis are falling for the message of hate peddled by extremists online and among their social circle. (Syed Arfeen) 04-06-2017 09:00 Director Uhm Tae-hwa offers a visually stunning, lyrical but unlikely addition to a growing list of films centered on the 2014 Sewol ferry disaster that killed 300 people. Rather than point fingers, though, Uhm offers a sense of hope with Vanishing Time. (Paige Lim) 04-06-2017 08:39 Opinion // A G2 grouping with the US and China makes sense but it’s unlikely (Ken Moak) 04-06-2017 08:00 Ai Weiwei said on Thursday he sees US President Donald Trump as the "brand" for a global trend toward hatred and division, as the Chinese artist prepared to open a politically charged exhibition in Jerusalem. (Mike Smith) 04-06-2017 07:00 Craft beer. It’s on the minds and in the mouths of every Asian hipster, and over the past five years, hundreds if not thousands of craft breweries have cropped up from South Korea to Hong Kong. (Pavan Shamdasani) 03-06-2017 22:25 Theresa May’s lead narrows; potential coalition looms (Reuters) 03-06-2017 19:55 While Philippine security officials have sent mixed messages about the Resorts World casino attack, President Rodrigo Duterte's top allies have signaled martial law is needed nationwide to combat terrorism. (Jason Castaneda) 03-06-2017 17:35 An American Buddhist nun's campaign to formally ordain Thai women, forbidden under local Buddhist law, has been met with violence, threats and arson attacks on her temples. (Richard S Ehrlich) 03-06-2017 14:48 Everyday heroes (Fatima Valente) 03-06-2017 14:30 Despite cordial diplomatic and growing economic ties, Myanmar's defense doctrine is still geared to guard against a possible Chinese invasion. (Bertil Lintner) 03-06-2017 14:02 Myanmar's military has long asserted there are 135 different races in the ethnically diverse nation, a spurious claim rooted in numerology that masks a divide-and-rule strategy. (Bertil Lintner) 03-06-2017 13:23 China has asserted strong influence over the direction and terms of Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's drive to achieve peace and reconciliation in the war-plagued nation. (Bertil Lintner) 03-06-2017 13:01 Tatsuya Nakadai talks stereotyping, aging and portraying dementia in his new film, Lear on the Shore. (Karen Severns) 03-06-2017 12:12 Commune elections in Cambodia on Sunday, widely seen as a barometer for general elections in 2018, could tip the prevailing political balance and spark new instability. (David Hutt) 03-06-2017 10:00 Lipstick Under My Burkha, by the young director Alankrita Shrivastava, challenges not only Indian audiences but the country's censors on gender stereotypes and presentation of female characters in cinema. (Anubha Yadav) 03-06-2017 09:00 Listening to the voices of local people has given NGOs new insight into how best to protect dwindling ecosystems. But some groups noticed women were being left out of the conversation. (Roz Evans) the brief Northeast AsiaBusiness China’s market – sensible people acting insensibly By Grant Newsham May 26, 2017 8:32 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. The recent US-China 100-day action plan – under which Beijing mostly agreed to do things it was already supposed to do but wasn’t, while the US kept its market wide open – once again shows the Chinese market’s hypnotic effect on foreigners. The allure of a China where one sells one of something to every person in the country can make otherwise sensible people act insensibly. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Doing business in the People’s Republic of China requires willingness to overlook dangers that in any other country would unnerve foreign investors and businessmen. For starters, take the absence of a reliable legal system – or even being able to count on enforcing a contract. Secure property rights are similarly elusive. Massive capital outflows and the quest for overseas bolt-holes by China’s most affluent citizens are a futures market of sorts, suggesting the locals know something about the business environment that foreign investors don’t. Technology and intellectual property are strong-armed via required “transfer” from foreign companies and the rest is at risk of being stolen; all part of a longstanding government strategy to build up Chinese companies and eventually displace foreign ones. And taking on a local partner is risky. From the early 1980’s when the China market opened until today, stories abound of local joint venture partners milking the business for know-how, and funding, and then going into business as competitors. Even doing due diligence in China is dangerous, with researchers being arrested, or worse. If North Carolina had a similar business environment nobody would invest there, not even the Chinese. Intimidation Foreign companies in China are subject to capricious government pressure and punishment. The recent detention of six Japanese surveying for hot springs on behalf of Chinese clients is a reminder that authorities will take hostages to teach foreign companies — or countries — a lesson, or to achieve some other objective. In 2009, the Australian mining giant, Rio Tinto, ran afoul of the government in the iron ore trade and its country manager (an Australian citizen) and several other employees were arrested. Rio Tinto eventually kow-towed and brought in Henry Kissinger to spring its employees – in exchange for a reported US$5 million consulting fee. Japanese and South Korean companies are prime targets. Riots targeting Japanese-owned (and even Japanese-looking) businesses in China “spontaneously” break out whenever Beijing feels it necessary to make an issue of the Senkaku islands. More recently, South Korea’s deployment of the THAAD anti-missile defense system on land sold by the Lotte Group resulted in most of Lotte’s outlets in China being shut down on trumped up excuses — and the company’s e-commerce sites subjected to cyber attacks. Size doesn’t matter Being big and successful elsewhere means little for a company entering the China market. I had first-hand experience with Motorola in the 1990s and watched one of America’s most respected companies fail in China. The company went all out in China, building factories, handing over technology, employing thousands of locals, and demonstrating its commitment to the market. All was good for a while, but Motorola was really just building up its competition. Today, China electronics company Lenovo owns a good chunk of what was once Motorola. Google and Nokia have also learned the hard way about the Chinese market. Even Apple has felt some government pressure and must know it will someday face rival with Chinese characteristics – and no little bit of Apple technology. Waking up? Despite grumbling in recent years by the American Chamber of Commerce in China, the allure still exists. The evidence is in Boeing’s plan to build a plant near Shanghai by 2018, despite the government’s avowed goal of developing a commercial aviation industry that rivals Boeing and Airbus. However, not to worry since it’s only a “finishing” facility to build older 737s – and it is the price of admission to the market. Boeing – or its shareholders – might recall the president of a once-prominent US aviation electronics firm who commented in the early 1990’s that he didn’t mind handing over technology to the Chinese in exchange for market access. His rationale was the US will always be ahead of China. Not unusual thinking then or now. Part of the difficulty of keeping one’s wits about the realities of the China market is that foreign companies do sometimes make money – sometimes lots of it. But more often than not success is anecdotal and temporary. Assessing commercial success in China requires a long-term look at performance (and as importantly, competitive position) over at least 10 years. Even better, 20 years. This is seldom done. Also, there’s a belief among the foreigners that with just a little more time and effort the riches will come. Casino smiles Indeed, China success stories resemble casino advertisements showing happy people at the craps table. Perhaps true enough as a snapshot. But a more accurate ad would show people walking out of the casino at the end of the night. There might be a few smiles, but far more glum faces. Today’s China is a far cry from 1980 when it perhaps needed some special treatment. The Trump administration (like its predecessors) is wasting its time unless its objective is full and immediate reciprocity. A coercive element is needed, such as punishing Chinese IP theft, unfair trade practices, and strong-arming of American and foreign companies. Until China is pressured to change, it won’t – even if it makes token gestures to temporarily quiet the Americans. It’s perhaps wishful thinking, but someday one hopes to hear a CEO – maybe one without an MBA – declare that until the market isn’t rigged against foreign companies, his company cannot afford to be in China. Grant Newsham is a Senior Research Fellow at the Japan Forum for Strategic Studies. Among other positions held, he served with the US Foreign Commercial Service in Tokyo. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Northeast Asia Business Trade China US Trade Rules Investment Grant Newsham Grant Newsham is a senior research fellow at the Japan Forum for Strategic Studies in Tokyo with over 20 years experience in Japan and Asia as a US Diplomat, business executive, and US Marine Officer. Comments continue reading More from this author The (real) reason China doesn’t like South Korea’s missile defenses 28-03-2017 16:30 Should Japan worry about President Trump? 13-11-2016 18:53 EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Southeast Asia Insights Northeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #India #South Asia #Japan #Middle East #Asia Unhedged #Hong Kong #Donald Trump About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  05 June 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.30   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 37.30   0.20 0.54%   ABBANK 19.00   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.30   ACTIVEFINE 50.10   0.30 0.60%   AFTABAUTO 62.90   0.00 0.00%   AGNISYSL 27.30   0.20 0.74%   AL-HAJTEX 104.10   0.00 0.00%   ALARABANK 16.60   0.00 0.00%   AMCL(PRAN) 208.10   -0.90 -0.43%   APEXFOOT 349.00   1.00 0.29%   APEXTANRY 148.50   2.50 1.71%   APOLOISPAT 18.60   -0.10 -0.53%   ARAMIT 366.80   5.40 1.49%   ARGONDENIM 35.20   0.60 1.73%   ATLASBANG 126.90   2.70 2.17%   BANKASIA 16.80   -0.30 -1.75%   BARKAPOWER 44.40   0.40 0.91%   BBS   0.00   BDCOM   0.50   BDFINANCE 20.10   0.10 0.50%   BDLAMPS 174.70   1.90 1.10%   BDWELDING 14.20   0.10 0.71%   BEACHHATCH 17.30   0.30 1.76%   BEACONPHAR 21.10   0.00 0.00%   BENGALWTL 46.20   0.50 1.09%   BEXIMCO 32.80   0.10 0.31%   BRACBANK 78.70   0.00 0.00%   BSC   0.60   BSRMSTEEL 91.00   0.20 0.22%   BXPHARMA 110.00   -0.20 -0.18%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALPHL 27.40   0.10 0.37%   CITYBANK 35.30   -0.10 -0.28%   CITYGENINS 15.10   0.20 1.34%   CMCKAMAL 26.50   0.10 0.38%   CNATEX 9.20   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 132.10   3.00 2.32%   CONTININS 18.20   -1.40 -7.14%   CVOPRL 214.70   2.60 1.23%   DAFODILCOM 38.50   0.20 0.52%   DELTALIFE 94.10   -0.70 -0.74%   DELTASPINN 11.10   0.00 0.00%   DESCO   0.00   DESHBANDHU 18.50   0.00 0.00%   DHAKABANK 16.90   -0.10 -0.59%   DHAKAINS 19.30   0.10 0.52%   DOREENPWR 147.10   0.60 0.41%   DSSL   0.10   EBL1STMF 7.50   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 7.10   0.10 1.43%   ECABLES 134.30   -3.00 -2.18%   ENVOYTEX 38.40   0.60 1.59%   ETL   0.10   EXIMBANK 10.50   0.10 0.96%   FAMILYTEX 8.10   0.10 1.25%   FARCHEM 24.90   0.10 0.40%   FAREASTFIN 9.80   0.10 1.03%   FASFIN 17.40   0.20 1.16%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.80   -0.10 -0.92%   FEKDIL 25.70   0.00 0.00%   FINEFOODS 26.90   0.10 0.37%   FIRSTFIN 11.00   0.10 0.92%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 53.30   0.20 0.38%   FUWANGCER 17.60   0.00 0.00%   GBBPOWER 23.00   0.00 0.00%   GENNEXT 9.10   0.10 1.11%   GHAIL   0.20   GOLDENSON 16.90   0.10 0.60%   GRAMEENS2 14.70   -0.10 -0.68%   GREENDELT 57.00   -2.40 -4.04%   HAKKANIPUL 51.90   -0.30 -0.57%   HEIDELBCEM 456.80   2.70 0.59%   HFL   0.20   ICB3RDNRB 8.10   0.10 1.25%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.30   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 8.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 9.20   0.20 2.22%   IDLC   0.70   IFADAUTOS 134.50   0.60 0.45%   IFIC   0.00   IFIC1STMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   0.10   INTECH 16.80   0.10 0.60%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 31.20   0.10 0.32%   ISLAMIINS 25.90   -0.30 -1.15%   ISNLTD 16.50   0.00 0.00%   ITC   0.00   JMISMDL 178.80   0.50 0.28%   KARNAPHULI 15.10   0.00 0.00%   KAY&QUE 52.30   -1.10 -2.06%   KBPPWBIL 22.60   0.00 0.00%   KDSALTD 75.00   -0.60 -0.79%   KOHINOOR 392.00   0.20 0.05%   KPCL   0.40   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 64.20   -0.40 -0.62%   LANKABAFIN 51.20   -0.10 -0.19%   LEGACYFOOT 20.90   0.50 2.45%   LRGLOBMF1 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 8.50   0.20 2.41%   MEGHNAPET 9.80   0.80 8.89%   MERCANBANK 18.10   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   0.20   MICEMENT 92.30   -0.80 -0.86%   MITHUNKNIT 42.20   0.20 0.48%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 227.00   12.60 5.88%   NCCBANK 12.60   0.10 0.80%   NCCBLMF1 8.20   0.20 2.50%   NFML   0.00   NORTHERN 475.10   -3.70 -0.77%   NPOLYMAR 101.20   0.90 0.90%   NTLTUBES 104.00   -0.20 -0.19%   NURANI 19.50   -0.20 -1.02%   OAL   0.00   OLYMPIC 273.90   2.40 0.88%   ONEBANKLTD 20.10   0.00 0.00%   PDL   0.20   PENINSULA 24.30   0.30 1.25%   PHPMF1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   POPULAR1MF 6.70   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 68.60   0.40 0.59%   PREMIERBAN 10.40   0.10 0.97%   PREMIERLEA 17.20   0.00 0.00%   PRIME1ICBA 7.80   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEINSUR 19.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMETEX 27.40   0.60 2.24%   PTL   0.40   PURABIGEN 17.60   0.20 1.15%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   0.20 0.22%   RAHIMAFOOD 127.50   2.40 1.92%   RANFOUNDRY 119.70   1.40 1.18%   RDFOOD 16.50   0.10 0.61%   REGENTTEX 28.40   0.30 1.07%   RNSPIN 21.70   0.30 1.40%   RSRMSTEEL 82.80   -0.20 -0.24%   RUPALIBANK 26.00   0.40 1.56%   SAFKOSPINN 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SAIFPOWER 41.90   0.10 0.24%   SAIHAMTEX 21.60   0.40 1.89%   SALVOCHEM 22.90   0.20 0.88%   SAPORTL 39.70   0.20 0.51%   SHEPHERD 38.80   0.50 1.31%   SHURWID 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   SIBL   -0.10   SINGERBD 181.30   0.60 0.33%   SONALIANSH 233.40   0.20 0.09%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   -0.20 -1.13%   SPCERAMICS 12.20   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.90   SQUARETEXT 64.00   0.10 0.16%   SQURPHARMA 285.00   -0.20 -0.07%   STANDBANKL 10.50   -0.10 -0.94%   SUMITPOWER 41.80   0.70 1.70%   TOSRIFA 30.10   0.20 0.67%   TRUSTB1MF 7.10   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 24.50   -0.30 -1.21%   TUNGHAI 15.60   0.10 0.65%   UCB   0.00   UNIONCAP 24.30   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 53.10   -0.10 -0.19%   UNITEDAIR 5.90   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.00   -0.20 -0.99%   UPGDCL 189.70   2.50 1.34%   WMSHIPYARD 36.10   0.00 0.00%   ZAHEENSPIN 26.50   0.00 0.00%   ZAHINTEX 19.20   0.00 0.00%   ZEALBANGLA 46.80   0.70 1.52%   Latest News Four Arab states cut ties with Qatar World Environment Day being observed TIN holders cross 2.9 million Rivals kill man over land dispute Jessore police arrest 37 female Jamaat activists Oil markets up  106th session of International Labour Conference starts today Bangladesh 6th largest Muslim cosmetics market Asian stocks start positive despite London attack  Edocto supplies electricity, safe water in rural areas Govt proves generous with its guarantee TIME - 10:28 am National World Environment Day being observed Economy Govt proves generous with its guarantee World Four Arab states cut ties with Qatar Stock Asian stocks start positive despite London attack  Bangladesh 6th largest Muslim cosmetics market TOP NEWS TIN holders cross 2.9 million Edocto supplies electricity, safe water in rural areas BRAC Onnesha launches into space Taxpayers may submit revised returns BD rethinks MIP of some Indian goods Remittance inflow rises 16pc ERD begins talks with Eminent Persons' Group Economists downbeat about budget Meat prices go beyond fixed rate SCB offers support to OBOR initiative Rivals kill man over land dispute June 5, 2017, 10:17 am A man was killed in a clash over a land-related dispute at Basail village in Sirajdikhan upazila of Munshiganj district on Sunday. The deceased was identified as Mojibor Khan, 50, son of Jahed Khan, a resident of Basail village of the Read more Jessore police arrest 37 female Jamaat activists June 5, 2017, 10:07 am Police in a raid arrested 37 female activists of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, including two 'Rokon', from Basundia area in Sadar upazila of Jessore district on Sunday. The detained Rokons were identified as Rijia Begum, wife of Maulana A Rashid, a resident of Read more Economy BIDA to formulate investment plans at divisional level The Bangladesh Investment Development Authority (BIDA) will work out investment plans at the divisional level to encourage local entrepreneurs and ensure growth at the grassroots level. The organisation’s Executive Chairman Kazi M Aminul Islam has said BIDA will look beyond big cities like Dhaka and Chittagong to promote economic growth. “We want to take investments to the village level,” he said, speaking at a discussion in the northern Rajshahi district. BIDA has already adopted an ambitious plan to attract investors to help the government achieve its Vision 2021 of becoming a middle income country. It wants to improve Bangladesh’s ranking in the World Bank’s Bangladesh targets 1.0m bales cotton production June 4, 2017, 5:41 pm US, UK slowest economies in the G7 June 4, 2017, 5:02 pm Deflationary trend in US economy ‘worrisome’ June 4, 2017, 12:58 pm FBCCI wants excise on account balance to go June 3, 2017, 9:46 pm Private investment stagnates, consumption demand dives June 3, 2017, 10:48 pm Finance New five-taka note to be issued Monday A new currency note denominating taka five will be issued from Bangladesh Bank’s head office on Monday. The new note signed by Senior Finance Secretary Hedayetullah Al Mamoon will subsequently be available in other offices of the central bank, said a WB allots $100m to diversify exports JS may discuss bank excise duty Muhith rules out VAT impact on prices Tax returns submission could be mandatory for all private executives Editorial Arson attack in Rangamati and hate crime The recent death of young Jubo League leader Nurul Islam Arson attack in Rangamati and hate crime The recent death of young Jubo League leader Nurul Islam Op-Ed The impact of climate change on Sundarbans Based on the climate model projections, it is evident that The impact of climate change on Sundarbans Based on the climate model projections, it is evident that Connecting people to Nature The United Nations in 1972 declared June 05 as World Connecting people to Nature The United Nations in 1972 declared June 05 as World The power of mini-grids Despite impressive economic development in recent years, Africa still lags The power of mini-grids Despite impressive economic development in recent years, Africa still lags Stock BSEC approves Peninsula SBC Unit Fund One The securities regulator has approved the draft prospectus of Peninsula Sadharan Bima Corporation Unit Fund One and Tk 5.0 billion Major sectors witness mixed performance on DSE: Analysis Post-budget trading session edge higher City Bank’s bond issue gets green light Stocks witness mixed trend in early trading Can US tech rally continue?  Markets hit by sluggish US job growth Ten cos grab 39pc of total turnover US stocks end record highs National Trial date set for five HuJI terror suspects A Chittagong court has ordered the trial of five suspected Harkat-ul-Jihad or HuJI militants detained last December. The suspects were indicted in two weapons cases and one explosives case by Chittagong Joint Metropolitan District and Sessions Judge Bilkis Akhter on Sunday. Depositions in the three cases will begin on July 25, said state lawyer Rashedul Alam. The five suspects are Iftesham Ahmed, Abujar Hilly terrain gives hard time in ensuring water supply in CHT Hamid, Hasina for protecting environment, biodiversity PM likely to visit Sweden on June 15-16 Govt intends to train 61,800 parents: Chumki Govt always alert for safety of Sundarbans: PM Man gets death over Bagerhat double murder Oishee’s appeal verdict on Monday Moudud loses Gulshan residence Trade and Market Oil markets up  Oil markets inched up on Monday mainly due to rise in ‘Saudi physical prices and signs of falling OPEC supplies’ though a persistent rise in US production is there. Brent crude oil futures stood at $50.21 per barrel (at 0308 GMT), up 26 cents or 0.5 percent, according to Reuters. US West Texas Intermediate futures were at $47.90 a barrel, up by 106th session of International Labour Conference starts today Bangladesh needs capacity building to get optimal benefits US considers possible ban against Venezuela oil sector Russia lifts sanctions on Turkish food Why this hotel is employing cats? Less than 1.0pc Indian cattle at risk of illegal trafficking BGMEA again demands full withdrawal of source tax BB taking over Apan Jewellers’ gold World HRW condemns Israel's '50 years of abuses' Fifty years into the occupation, Israel controls the Gaza Strip and the West Bank through repression, institutionalised discrimination, and systematic abuses, US-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) has said, reports Al Jazeera. The rights group said on Sunday that Israeli violations included unlawful killings, forced displacement, abusive detention, unjustified restrictions on movement, and continued development of illegal settlements, along with accompanying discriminatory policies against Palestinians. HRW said that many of Israel's abusive practices were carried out in the name of security, adding that ... Police arrests 12 in connection with London attack Police identify Manila casino killer France, India to back Paris climate deal Sci-tech Reused spacecraft put into orbit SpaceX blazed through another milestone for the commercial space industry by reusing a Dragon spacecraft for first time ever, according 'US hackers could have framed Russia in election hack' Science and technology fair begins in Netrakona $4,100 fine for 'liking' Facebook posts Education DU to observe world environment day Dhaka University (DU) Institute of Disaster Management and Vulnerability Studies (IDMVS) will observe the 'World Environment Day 2017' in a befitting manner on Monday. Marking the day, a rally will be brought out from Aparajeyo Bangla premises at 10 am and a debate competition on 'Youth Climate Parliament Environment Debate' will be held at RC Mazumder Auditorium on the campus at 10.30 am, said a press release on Monday. DU Vice-Chancellor Professor AAMS Arefin Siddique will attend the programmes as chief guest ... Nahid calls for establishing equity-based society 1,69,635 teachers recruited at primary level: Mostafizur Jahangirnagar University halls to reopen on June 8 Sports Pakistan 113/3 in 23 overs Pakistan were struggling at 113/3 in 23 overs in ICC Champions Trophy 4th match (Group B) against India in Birmingham on Sunday. Brief scores: India 319/3 (48/48 overs; Pakistan 113/3 in 23 overs (41 ov, target 289). Pakistan require another 176 runs with 7 wickets and 18.0 overs remaining. Earlier, gritty knocks from captain Virat Kohli and opener Rohit Sharma, complemented by a dazzling cameo from Yuvraj Singh, have guided India to 319. Pakistan needed 324 runs to win from 48 overs as per ... Tigers to face Aussies today Maxwell targets Bangladesh bowlers Murray sinks Del Potro Health edotco supplies power, safe water to rural areas Bangladesh’s rural communities are benefiting from safe drinking water and electricity supplied by mobile tower company edotco Bangladesh as part of the company's corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives, which were unveiled on Saturday. With the "Tower to Power" project, which was launched in 2016, edotco Bangladesh was able to connect its solar-powered sites to supply electricity to nearby rural communities in Nijhum Dwip, Shibpur, Nazirpur and Kuakata.  The company was also successful in providing clean and safe drinking water to the villagers ... Child’s teeth can predict risk of autism? Delaying meals may affect body clock Breastfeeding linked to lower endometrial cancer risk Entertainment Eid shopping starts in Rangpur The Eid-ul-Fitr shopping has started to get momentum as people of all ages, especially young women, are rushing to shopping Jeet now due June 13 93-yr-old bride wants help to select dress for her wedding Ariana Grande Manchester benefit concert will feature Coldplay, Miley Cyrus Politics Khaleda hosts iftar for eminent personalities BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia on Sunday hosted an iftar party for the professionals and eminent personalities of the country. The programme No AL nomination for you: Quader to Badi Proposed budget a big beautiful balloon: Moudud BCL men ‘attack’ DU student Country Sylhet cultivators to start Aus paddy farming SYLHET, June 04: Farmers in the greater Sylhet region are now taking preparation to start Aus paddy cultivation. However, the DAE Marginal brinjal growers making good profit 131 govt primary schools in Magura with no headmaster DAE holds field-day on BRRI Dhan-58 at Atrai PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visits the stalls at National Tree Fair after inaugurating it at Agargaon in the capital on Sunday. — PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the joint Iftar and Doa Mahfil 2017 of Bangladesh Federal Union of Journalists (BFUJ) and Dhaka Union of Journalists (DUJ) at the Jatiya Press Club on Sunday. –bdnews24.com photo Farmers taking care of an Aus seedbed in Golapganj upazila of Sylhet. — FE Photo A peasant harvesting brinjal from a field in Bogra on Sunday. — FE Photo Centre for Policy Dialogue (CPD) Distinguished Fellow Dr Debapriya Bhattacharya speaks at a post-budget press conference of the think-tank in the capital on Friday. — FE Photo more news Rain likely in parts of country June 4, 2017, 11:29 pm Bangladesh needs capacity building to get optimal benefits June 4, 2017, 9:55 pm US considers possible ban against Venezuela oil sector June 4, 2017, 9:53 pm Russia lifts sanctions on Turkish food June 4, 2017, 9:51 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 89 ISSUES DECLINED 135 Most popular BD rethinks MIP of some Indian goods June 5, 2017, 12:20 am Taxpayers may submit revised returns June 5, 2017, 12:21 am BRAC Onnesha launches into space June 5, 2017, 12:22 am Govt proves generous with its guarantee June 5, 2017, 12:23 am SCB offers support to OBOR initiative June 5, 2017, 12:14 am Remittance inflow rises 16pc June 5, 2017, 12:17 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG PRIMEINSUR 18.20 19.70 18.50 19.00 4.40 CMCKAMAL 25.30 26.60 25.30 26.40 4.35 TOSRIFA 28.70 30.30 28.70 29.90 4.18 RNSPIN 20.60 21.60 20.70 21.40 3.88 SUMITPOWER 39.60 41.50 39.70 41.10 3.79 PTL 31.90 33.00 32.20 32.90 3.14 PDL 22.70 23.50 22.60 23.40 3.08 MBL1STMF 8.10 8.40 8.00 8.30 2.47 UPGDCL 182.80 188.80 182.00 187.20 2.41 CITYBANK 34.60 35.70 34.40 35.40 2.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation MBL1STMF 8.00 8.40 8.00 8.40 5.00 TOSRIFA 28.70 30.30 28.70 30.00 4.53 SUMITPOWER 39.70 41.50 39.70 41.40 4.28 EASTERNINS 29.00 30.20 29.00 30.20 4.14 CMCKAMAL 25.50 26.60 25.30 26.50 3.92 ISLAMIINS 25.50 26.70 25.50 26.40 3.53 CITYBANK 34.50 35.70 34.40 35.60 3.19 DOREENPWR 143.00 147.40 142.80 147.10 2.87 NORTHERN 465.00 489.00 465.00 478.10 2.82 RELIANCE1 10.90 11.20 10.90 11.20 2.75 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SONARGAON 12.70 12.30 12.00 12.00 -5.51 NURANI 20.80 20.90 19.50 19.70 -5.29 UNITEDINS 26.90 25.50 25.50 25.50 -5.21 BSC 58.20 58.30 54.80 55.20 -5.16 JUTESPINN 60.70 60.50 55.90 57.60 -5.11 INTECH 17.40 17.50 16.60 16.70 -4.02 AGRANINS 17.80 17.20 17.00 17.10 -3.93 EASTERNINS 30.30 30.20 29.00 29.20 -3.63 TAKAFULINS 20.20 19.50 19.30 19.50 -3.47 AAMRATECH 38.30 38.20 36.90 37.10 -3.13 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation JUTESPINN 60.00 60.50 55.90 55.90 -6.83 BSC 58.30 58.30 54.80 55.10 -5.49 CENTRALINS 22.00 22.30 20.80 20.80 -5.46 REPUBLIC 27.20 27.20 25.80 25.80 -5.15 INTECH 17.50 17.50 16.60 16.60 -5.14 BDAUTOCA 82.70 82.70 79.00 79.00 -4.47 NFML 27.50 27.50 26.30 26.40 -4.00 AGNISYSL 28.00 28.30 26.90 26.90 -3.93 AMBEEPHA 404.70 404.70 389.00 389.00 -3.88 ACTIVEFINE 51.60 51.60 49.50 49.70 -3.68 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
From The Atlantic CityLab Menu Commute Work Housing Weather Crime Politics Design Tech Navigator CityFixer Maps Photos Videos Search Ads are being blocked For us to continue writing great stories, we need to display ads. Un-block Learn more Back Whitelist Please select the extension that is blocking ads. Ad Block Plus Ghostery uBlock Other Blockers Back Please follow the steps below R.I.P.: Donald Trump's 'Big, Beautiful Wall' With its 2018 budget request, the White House begins the process of admitting that the president’s signature promise was a fantasy. Kriston Capps @kristoncapps May 26, 2017 Comments Share on Facebook Tweet Oft-embattled White House press secretary Sean Spicer, talking wall. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters) President Donald Trump’s 2018 budget proposal included cuts for everything: housing, food stamps, infrastructure, the environment. No program or line item was too slight to escape the guillotine. Even the federal budget for bicycle trails, once discovered, got hacked to bits. Trump’s own promises and priorities were not spared, either. The most glaring cut of all came in the request for the president’s “big, beautiful wall” along the southern border of the U.S. with Mexico. In the 2018 budget, the White House asks Congress for $1.6 billion to build part of the wall. That’s down a billion dollars from the preliminary request in March, a hasty retreat. Maybe it shouldn’t register as a shock, since this budget is Mick Mulvaney’s baby. But Trump’s border wall, no matter how ridiculous it sounded to half the country, appealed to a lot of the rest. If there was one thing and one thing alone he promised to his voters, again and again, it was to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. Make no mistake, though: The 2018 budget is as clear as any signal will get that the push for the border wall is over. The writing was on the wall, if you will, the moment that Trump was sworn in as president. This latest White House budget exposes the border wall as a fantasy, a xenophobe’s architectural folly. Related Stories President Trump's Border Wall Won't Be a Wall Trump's Wall Is Moving Forward Now, But It's Still Impossible Instead of Trump's Wall, Why Not a Binational Border City? The odds were impossibly long from the start. It’s worth revisiting just how ridiculous the idea as Trump conceived it truly was. In a February 2016 town hall—which feels like it was at least 50 years ago—Trump told Morning Joe co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski that his wall would cost “maybe $10 or $12 million.” He assured viewers that there were five different ways to make Mexico pay for it. How, exactly? “Believe me is not an answer,” Brzezinski implored him. “Let me tell you—believe me,” he told her. That’s as clear an answer as anyone ever got. Then we elected Trump to be President of the United States and suddenly those chants of “Build that wall!” rang with an air of possibility. His delusions, however sincerely held, now had the backing of executive authority. If he actually wanted to build a wall, as president, couldn’t he? No, of course not. Polls showed persistent opposition to the president’s proposal, opposition that has only grown over time. Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri), ranking member of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, estimated that the wall would cost about 6,000 times what the president promised—$67 billion, more than the budget for the entire U.S. Department of Homeland Security. (“That amounts to over $200 for every American,” she wrote in one letter to U.S. Customs and Border Protection.) This week, nobody stood up for the wall—not Trump, not Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and believe it or not, also not Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto. A design contest nevertheless proceeded, with some necessary ambiguity built in as to whether the wall would be an actual wall, something more like a fence, or some assemblage of new technologies and personnel that could be draped with a “Mission Accomplished” banner. Because a wall was always, always impossible. Of the hundreds of firms that bid to design and build a wall wall for Trump, few and maybe none had the qualifications to do it. It wasn’t that the technical know-how was impossible to acquire—any contractor can build a wall—but the capacity to manage the logistics, staging, human resources, and environmental mitigation, to say nothing of enduring the inevitable lawsuits involved with physically walling off nearly 2,000 miles of rugged and remote geography. The likeliest companies to compete, the big boys—Bechtel, Boeing, AECOM, CH2M, and others—shied away from the project. And that was before cities New York City and the entire state of California threatened to divest from any companies that worked on the wall. The Partnership for Working Families is leaning on Berkshire Hathaway to publicly commit not to put up the bonding that is required for federal projects. Even Texas opposes the wall. This week, cabinet officials in charge of the many programs shredded by the White House budget were forced to frame the damage that these cuts would augur. U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson did so by observing that “poverty is a state of mind,” embracing the position that neither budget cuts nor budgets broadly construed have much of an effect on people. U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, meanwhile, said that there is nothing wrong with America’s food assistance program, crossing swords with the administration. But nobody stood up for the wall—not Trump, not Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and believe it or not, also not Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto. Because the wall is preposterous. Maybe, finally, by dialing back its budget request, the White House is conceding this reality. Or at least someone involved is acknowledging the fact that Democrats won’t support much in this budget, and the White House needs to give a little if it’s going to get its way. It’s hard to say which idea is sillier: Building a wall and making Mexico pay for it, or believing that there’s a chance this budget passes. Share on Facebook Tweet Presented by Previous Is Housing Catching Up? Next More Cities Are Doubling Down on Free Sunscreen About the Author Kriston Capps is a staff writer at CityLab. More Kriston Capps is a staff writer at CityLab, where he writes about housing, art and design. Previously, he was a senior editor at Architect magazine. All Posts @kristoncapps Feed Most Popular How to Survive a Retail Meltdown What Pittsburgh Looked Like When It Decided It Had a Pollution Problem Florence Loses Its Mind Over Tourists Eating Sandwiches The Highway Hit List This Old Map: California as an Island, 1752 Counterpoint: D.C.'s Carnegie Library Is a Fine Place for an Apple Store Electric Vehicles Are Cleaning Up The Case for the Disconnected Commute The Comeback Investment in Cities The Evolution of Urban Planning in 10 Diagrams See All Stories Newsletters CityLab, Straight to Your Inbox: Sign Up Here Go SERIES What's Next in Workforce Development Go Store T-Shirts, Mugs, and More Go Newsletters Stories, Art, and Adventures for Urban Explorers Go Back To Top CityLab Share Tweet Menu Through original reporting, sharp analysis, and visual storytelling, CityLab informs and inspires the people who are creating the cities of the future—and those who want to live there. Follow Newsletter sign up Today’s Top Stories This Week’s Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. More About CityLab Special Reports FAQ Masthead Contact Us Store Atlantic Media Jobs Advertise Advertising Guidelines Privacy Terms & Conditions Elsewhere at Atlantic Media The Atlantic The Leftovers: A Nicer Story A Few Answers in the London Attack The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Quartz This 13-year-old programmer is on a mission to educate 100,000 aspiring coders “The Leftovers” finale shows it was a love story all along, says Damon Lindelof Expect new Apple hardware at its WWDC developer conference Copyright 2017 The Atlantic Monthly Group. () Skip Ad >   Advertisement
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Casey Lowery, in a mugshot provided by the McNairy County Jail in Tennessee. Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com The Associated Press This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road By Denise Hollinshed and Amanda St. Amand St. Louis Post-Dispatch Denise Hollinshed May 26, 2017 (…) Casey Lowery, in a mugshot provided by the McNairy County Jail in Tennessee. Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com A man wanted in two deadly shootings in St. Louis was arrested 300 miles away while walking naked down a Tennessee road late Thursday, authorities said. “It ended up taking five officers to get him in the car and he refused to give his name, just kept saying he was the son of God,” a McNairy County, Tenn., sheriff’s department employee said Friday of the arrest of Casey Lowery, 36. +6  This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) The Associated Press Prosecutors in St. Louis and St. Louis County have charged Lowery with murder in separate fatal shootings that took place within 10 minutes of each other on Thursday morning. In the first incident, prosecutors allege that Lowery was responsible for a double shooting in the Baden neighborhood that left a woman dead and her boyfriend gravely wounded. Minutes later, authorities say, Lowery opened fire and killed a man at a gas station in north St. Louis County. Lowery lives in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That is one block from where his alleged rampage started Thursday. Police statements and interviews with relatives of one of Lowery’s alleged victims offered no explanation for what might have set him off. But court documents do give chilling details about the crimes and the alleged killer’s bizarre behavior. The gunfire started about 8:20 a.m. in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, the documents say. A utility worker, an electrician, was sent there to replace a burned-out street light in the alley. As the worker talked to the homeowner who had reported the burned-out light, Lowery approached and began talking to them. “At one point, the defendant, a stranger, hugged the utility worker,” the documents say. Lowery later shook hands with the homeowner and then pulled a gun and shot out the light, the documents said. He then turned and opened fire on the homeowner. The utility worker, unsure if the homeowner had been struck, drove a couple blocks away and called him, but got no answer, the documents say. Before the worker could call police, the passenger door of his truck opened and Lowery was standing there. He demanded the worker’s phone and then left. The homeowner’s adult son arrived at his home shortly after the shots were fired and the homeowner’s girlfriend answered the door. After neighbors told him about the gunfire, the son tried to call his father but got no answer. “A few minutes later he was standing in front of his father’s house when he heard more gunshots, coming from the area of the vacant lot,” the documents say. The son saw a man later identified as Lowery run to a blue pickup and drive away. Police later found the homeowner, 52, shot in the head in the alley and his girlfriend, Kevia Jones, 29, dead in a nearby vacant lot. The cellphone of the utility worker was found next to her body. The court documents say that, about 10 minutes after the shootings on Canaan, Lowery opened fire at a Conoco gas station parking lot near Dunn Road and Interstate 270 in north St. Louis County. St. Louis County police say that shooting killed Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. There is no indication that the victims are related. Asked about that Friday night, a St. Louis County Police spokesman said: “It’s all still under investigation.” A witness to the gas station shooting took photos that showed Lowery and the same pickup seen at the earlier shootings, the court documents say. The arrest A truck matching the description was seen about the same time blowing through several security check points at Boeing Co.’s sprawling plant in Berkeley shortly after 9 a.m., police said. At 11:30 a.m., Lowery was spotted at an ice cream shop in New Haven, a town in Franklin County about 60 miles west of St. Louis. He was armed at the time. About 6:30 p.m. Thursday, St. Louis County Police said in a news release that Lowery had been charged in the fatal shooting of Andre Jones, that he had been spotted in New Haven and that he should be considered armed and dangerous. Three hours later, Lowery was arrested near the town of Selmer, Tenn., where he was walking naked. Lowery eventually told Tennessee deputies his name and they learned he was wanted in Missouri. Lowery was charged with resisting arrest and indecent exposure in Tennessee. Back home, he is facing murder charges in the deaths of Andre Jones and Kevia Jones as well as assault and armed criminal action charges. Those charges add to a long criminal history that includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery’s failure to appear in court and raised Lowery’s bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery’s attorney filed a “notice of bond compliance,” Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery’s trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year’s probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Relatives of Andre Jones said they were mystified about why the father of three young daughters was killed. They said he was on his way to Vatterott College’s St. Charles campus, where he was enrolled in an automotive program, when he stopped at the Conoco gas station. His mother-in-law, Fay Alexander of Maryland Heights, said that the family was heartbroken by his loss and that she wished she could question Lowery. “I wish that I can ask that man why,” she said. “What made you do that to my son-in-law? He had a family. Why did you take him from us?” More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area St. Louis Crime Tracker 2017 St. Louis area homicide map Timeline 8:30 a.m. Thursday: Police find Keiva Jones, 29, dead and her boyfriend, 52, gravely wounded in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue. 8:40 a.m. Thursday: Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood, is fatally shot at a Conoco gas station parking lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Lowery is charged with first-degree murder. 11:30 a.m. Thursday: Casey Lowery is spotted, armed, at an ice cream shop in New Haven, Mo. 6:30 p.m. Thursday: St. Louis County Police announce that Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Andre Jones and they are searching for him. 9 p.m. Thursday: Lowery is arrested in McNairy County, Tenn., after he was found along a highway near the town of Selmer. Friday: St. Louis prosecutors charge Lowery in the death of Keiva Jones and the shooting of her boyfriend. Tags Casey Lowery Andre Jones St. Louis County Police Kevia Jones Vatterott College Lakisha Jones Fay Alexander Nick Alexander Denise Hollinshed Criminal Law Law Crime Denise Hollinshed Denise Hollinshed is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Get email notifications on Denise Hollinshed daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Denise Hollinshed posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Family says 7-year-old victim in quadruple shooting Thursday has died Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Follow us Latest in section Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Man shot in head in St. Louis neighborhood dies at hospital Woman IDs her son as 4th victim in St. Louis shooting, says she doesn't know motive Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Man fatally shot, another injured in Washington Park Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Opinion: Real motive behind single-payer push… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Pedestrian dies in hit-run 1997 water park tragedy Oakley stabbing homicide Oakland Zoo’s new gondola Amazing ice cream Skyrocketing campus costs Opinion Commentary Opinion: Real motive behind single-payer push is not about health Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The California Nurses Association and other supporters of Kimberly Ellis for the California Democratic Party chairmanship were hoping to celebrate her victory on Saturday night. Ellis lost narrowly to Eric Bauman, of Los Angeles. (Katy Murphy – Bay Area News Group) By David Crane | Bloomberg View PUBLISHED: May 26, 2017 at 1:00 pm | UPDATED: May 26, 2017 at 1:24 pm Last weekend the California Democratic Party of which I am a member held a convention riven by a battle over the election of a new chairman. Behind that was a battle over “single­payer” health care financing in California. Behind that is a power play about hundreds of billions of dollars. Single-­payer is a method by which health care expenditures are financed by public agencies. For example, Medicare and Medicaid are single-­payer systems. Now, a powerful commercial and political interest, the California Nurses Association, is sponsoring legislation to establish a state­-run single­-payer agency that would take control of all health care spending in California. They want Medicare and Medicaid to run through the new agency and to eliminate all other payers so that all health care payments, currently around $400 billion per year, would run through the agency. Related Articles California to weigh single-payer, universal health care plan El Cerrito weighs in on state single-payer health care bill There can be benefits to single-­payer systems, but healthiness and efficiency are not necessarily two of them. Compare Canada, which is a single-­payer system, with the French and Swiss systems, which are multi­-payer systems. In its analysis of 11 developed ­country health care systems, The Commonwealth Fund placed France and Switzerland in the top tercile of healthiness while Canada’s ranked in the lowest tercile. Canada also ranked next to last in efficiency, just ahead of the USA. If the goal is healthier populations and greater efficiency, a Swiss, French, German or Japanese multi­-payer system would seem worthy of consideration. But better health and greater efficiency are not the goals of California’s single-­payer advocates. They are after political and economic power over $400 billion of spending per year. The objective of their legislation is a single point of political power, because that is the most lucrative path for cronies who derive revenues from government spending. The single point of political power in the case of the proposed single­-payer system would be a nine-­person board. At least one board member must be a representative from the nurses union and another must be from another health care provider, both of whom would be recipients of funds from the agency and beneficiaries of agency rules. Mandating board seats for them is like mandating that a board managing military spending provide seats to Boeing and Lockheed Martin. If you want a sense of what’s in store for citizens if such a board is placed in charge of health care financing, see the consequences for citizens of pension financing managed by the boards of CalPERS and CalSTRS. There’s a reason the U.S. health care ­industrial complex is the biggest recipient of government spending. This year it will garner double the amounts paid the military ­industrial complex. Nurses and other wage­-earning members of that complex do important work but, to cite William Jennings Bryan, they are also business people. They reap  enormous  amounts of  money from government decisions. Nothing helps them more than establishing a single point of political power they can control. Citizens should be skeptical of elected officials who curry favor with any member of the health care ­industrial complex. They should also criticize elected officials for the state failing the 14 million Californians already covered by its existing single-­payer system. Even though Medi­Cal has doubled spending over the last seven years and now lines the pockets of health care providers with more than $100 billion per year, we are still waiting for evidence of healthier populations. Emergency room visits are up, not down, despite a doubling of the number of people covered by Medi­Cal. Policymakers should work for greater citizen health, not greater crony wealth. David Crane is president of Govern For California and lecturer at Stanford where he teaches Health Care Policy and Reform and California Policy and Politics. Tags:  Health David Crane Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Man dies from stabbing at Oakley intersection 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in Concord water park tragedy Two men dead in separate Oakland shootings Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty UC Merced pricier than UCLA? The surprising cost to live on campus Watch: Injured Mount Diablo mountain biker airlifted to safety Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals San Leandro police officers shoot man suspected of driving stolen car More in Commentary Opinion: After-school programs investment in safety and security June 04, 2017, 8:15 am Want safety and security? Invest in after-school programs. Williams: Proliferation of fake news is sign the U.S. has enter post-truth era June 03, 2017, 4:00 pm Columnist Byron Williams argues that America has entered a post-truth era. Krauthammer: Trump’s views on NATO have weakened deterrance June 03, 2017, 12:00 pm Charles Krauthammer argues that Trump’s refusal to commit to NATO has weakened deterrence. Cartoons: Donald Trump rejects Paris climate accord June 03, 2017, 2:58 pm This cartoon slideshow illustrates the decision President Donald Trump made to back the U.S. out of the Paris Climate Change Accord. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Evening Briefing Here are today's top stories. Bloomberg News May 26, 2017, 3:30 PM EDT Jared Kushner’s Rise to Power Mirrors Trump's Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here. As the world’s most powerful leaders convene in Sicily for the two-day G-7 summit, there’s a new dynamic in the air. Last year, the final statement from the meeting clocked in at 32 pages. This year’s is on pace to be one-third the length, reflecting the difficulty of bridging a divide between President Trump and the six other world leaders — especially on matters of climate change and trade. That discrepancy alone speaks volumes. —Megan Hess The Kushners’ Blackstone connection is on display in Saudi Arabia. Last week, when Saudi Arabia announced a $20-billion investment in a U.S. infrastructure fund managed by Blackstone, many noticed it came shortly after Jared Kushner personally negotiated a $110-billion arms sale to the country. What went unnoticed is Blackstone’s importance to the Kushner family company. Since 2013, the firm has loaned more than $400 million to finance four Kushner Cos. deals. What G-7 leaders will argue about in Sicily. The deadly terror attack in the U.K. has catapulted security to the top of the agenda for the G-7 summit this weekend. Yet the nations gathered do not see eye to eye on trade, immigration and climate change. The leaders are preparing to sign off on a substantially pared-down statement at the close of their meeting. Electric cars will soon cost less than gasoline. Battery powered cars will be cheaper to buy than conventional gasoline ones in the U.S. and Europe as soon as 2025, new research shows. Batteries currently account for about half the cost of electric vehicles, and their prices will fall by about 77 percent between 2016 and 2030, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Trump blasted German carmakers and threatened barriers. The president reportedly chided German carmakers for selling too many vehicles in the U.S., contributing to a lopsided German trade surplus that’s hurting the U.S. economy. “The Germans are bad, very bad,” Trump told EU officials in a closed-door meeting, Der Spiegel reported, citing unidentified attendees. He has repeatedly criticized Germany’s high trade surplus with the U.S. Forget supersonic. Hypersonic is the U.S. military’s new speed. For faster flight and quick access to space, the Pentagon is pushing for speeds above Mach 5. Boeing’s XS-1 (Experimental Spaceplane), which the company dubs “Phantom Express,” got a green light this week by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. Just how polarizing is Ivanka Trump’s fashion label? Public views of the first daughter’s fashion label break along political lines, according to new consumer perception data. While liberals really don’t like the brand, conservatives are merely lukewarm. It’s a bit more complicated when split down gender lines. Richard Branson’s best trip ever. “As a family we are gluttons for punishment,” the Virgin founder said of vacations with his adult children. “Last year we did a 2,500-kilometer bike ride, [after a] 10-day hike, from the south of Switzerland to the toe of Italy. Then we swam to Sicily and marathoned up to the top of Mount Etna.” You probably have to take a deep breath after just reading that. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 5.35% during the years 2017-2021. Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10410023 Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Segmentation by: Payload and Subsystems Types:  optical sensors and other sensors payloads, avionics and subsystems, data link and communication systems. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Emergence of inflatable SATCOM antennas, Growing acceptance of all-electric propulsion satellites, Miniaturization of radar cameras and sensors. Challenges:  Issues related to space debris and deorbiting, Design and manufacturing constraints, Delays in satellite launch. Trends:  Use of microsatellites in the maintenance and assistance of bigger satellites, Development of lightweight power amplifiers, Predisposition toward establishing partnership with private SATCOM providers. Browse Detailed Information on Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10410023 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry. Key Vendors:  Airbus Defence and Space, Boeing, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Thales, and many more. The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10410023 The Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems industry before evaluating its possibility.   For More Related Reports Visit @ http://talkinvestor.com/ http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsMilitary Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Industry, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Industry Growth, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Analysis, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market forecast, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Growth, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Research, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Shares, Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Military Aerospace Engine Market 2017-2022: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Next PostNext Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:02pm Mon 5 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald Rocket Lab launch: Why Peter Beck could let his hair down 6:00 AM Saturday May 27, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Rocket Lab Space Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play Peter Beck, the usually buttoned down engineer, let his hair down at Rocket Lab mission control as he watched his Electron rocket clear the tower at Mahia. The rocket didn't make it to orbit as planned, but it made it to space and Beck said he had plenty to celebrate inside the nerve centre in Auckland. Along with others in the highly-restricted mission control he was whooping and hollering as the 17m-tall rocket blasted off from the launch pad at the tip of the Mahia Peninsula more than 350km away. Most other start-up rocket programmes haven't made it that far, the majority staying on the drawing board, others blowing up on the launch pad or early in flight. Beck has in the past got very enthusiastic talking about engineering and rocket science, but he's not usually given to displaying much emotion. He's a cool and clinical planner; to date keener talking about ground testing and trials than the glory and glamour of space. But he was ecstatic on the night of the rocket's three-minute journey into space, even though its orbital mission was not completed. That will now be the focus of analysis of thousands of data streams from the rocket, the company christened "ItsaTest" to explicitly spell out the trial nature of the launch. It now has two more test launches to get that right In the days before the launch Beck mentioned that there would be a quiet celebration if they pulled it off. That turned in to a "heck of a party" after he awarded the lift-off a 10 out of 10. Continued below. Related Content Lucky few witness Rocket Lab's Electron get off the ground at Mahia Rocket Lab and NZ's other engineering feats Video Rocket Lab's launch day "We're one of a few companies to ever develop a rocket from scratch and we did it in under four years. To get as far as we did on the first test flight doesn't often happen," he said. Rocket Lab founder Peter Beck in the mission control room. "It was a beautiful mission to watch." He paid tribute to his team, many rookies in the space game, who had developed the Electron and launch system. The range operator Shaun D'Mello was a 25-year-old "with the weight of the world on his shoulders". Mission control is tightly restricted around launch time and operates under the United States' Federal Aviation Administration rules about unauthorised personnel. The rocket launch from Mahia Peninsula. There is also concern about giving away trade secrets to satellite industry competitors and countries or groups who could use the technology for weapons. For Beck, 40, the launch was another step in the "long journey and wild ride" of just over a decade of Rocket Lab and a lifetime of thinking about space. He's pushing the message that his company - and New Zealand - is well and truly in the space game, however, the real celebrations will start when Rocket Lab is making money out of delivering small satellites into orbit at the rate of up to more than twice a week. Rocket Lab's Electron during take off. And that's the tough part. George Sowers, an independent consultant, former chief scientist and vice-president of United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, said before the launch that it was a sign of the vibrancy of the commercial space sector at the present time. Sowers said while Rocket Lab had some interesting technology, such as the electric pump-driven engine and embraced state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies, the small payload launch market made it extremely difficult for commercial companies to make a profit. New camera angle taken during yesterday's launch - includes sound. More to come! #ItsaTest pic.twitter.com/zr4M72MdiO— Rocket Lab (@RocketLabUSA) May 26, 2017 Rocket Lab can draw on up to $25m of Government funding over five years, but its main backers include US companies Khosla Ventures, Bessemer Venture Partners, Data Collective, Promus Ventures, Lockheed Martin and Stephen Tindall's K1W1. The company claims a value of $1 billion. The company's full name is Rocket Lab USA and it is majority-owned by Americans and registered in the United States, but retains its Kiwi origins. A silver fern was on its nose on Thursday, and besides the ground crew at Mahia and specialists at mission control there's scores of rocket designers, engineers and builders based at its humming base near Auckland Airport. Rocket Lab founder Peter Beck in the mission control room. The government signed up to international treaties and pushed through regulations to facilitate the programme which it hopes could be part of an industry worth billions of dollars. From a family of Invercargill engineers, Beck has always been hands-on. At school he pulled an old Mini apart and rebuilt it part by part, souping it up with a turbocharger. A toolmaking apprenticeship at Fisher & Paykel gave him access to top of the line machinery and materials after hours, before going on to found Rocket Lab in 2006. Peter Beck rejoices. In the build-up to opening its base at Mahia late last year, Beck told the Herald Rocket Lab was trying to do something tremendously challenging. Married with two children, (a part of his life, like his financial stake in the company, that he was not keen to talk about) it's been six-day weeks for much of the last decade. "This is what I want to do with my life - it's not that I feel I get sick of this and I want to go and sit on the beach." - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Bay music festival stalwart honoured After 28 country rock festivals and 25 jazz festivals Shirley May has no plans of stopping… Hawke's Bay Today Napier pianist wins nod for dedication A pianist who is dedicated to sharing her talent was awarded a Queen's Birthday Honour… Bay of Plenty Times Opinion: Celebrating our heroes It is a good time to recognise our community good buggers in our own backyard. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Scott Dixon bounces back from crash, takes IndyCar Series lead Dixon bounces back with pair of solid drives at Belle Isle... Viva A bunch of cool boots for winter From flat to block-heeled, stay grounded for winter in a pair of versatile boots True Commercial Auckland Victoria St tower for sale A 10-level office and hospitality building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 05 Jun 2017 16:24:24 Processing Time: 84ms
Home Weather 61° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Aeromexico affiliate of Delta Air Lines to launch nonstop Portland-Mexico City flights Andrew McIntosh, via Portland Business Journal , KGW 10:24 AM. PDT May 26, 2017 Aeromexico airplanes at Aeropuerto Internacional Benito Ju??rez (Mexico City International Airport) in Mexico City (Ciudad Mexico) September 20, 2015. (Photo by John Gress/Corbis via Getty Images) (Photo: John Gress) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTLAND, Ore. -- Aeromexico, an affiliate of Delta Air Lines, is launching new daily nonstop service between Portland International Airport and Mexico City, beginning Nov. 1. Mexico's largest airline will also offer a second new daily flight between Seattle and the Mexican capital, Aeromexico and Delta announced. The carriers announced the new flights as part of a series of new services and plans for capacity expansion during the rest of the 2017 year. Delta's new nonstop flights between Portland and London were expected to start Friday, May 26. The flight will operate four days a week from May 26 through Oct. 2. John Caldwell, the Seattle vice president of Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL), said the new flights represent the next step in the evolving partnership between the two airlines, not unlike the partnership between Dutch airline KLM and Air France. "Seattle is beneficiary ... of us operating together," Caldwell said. "There's a huge opportunity for passengers not only to fly into Mexico City, the Aeromexico hub, but also beyond, to other Mexican cities, and to destinations in Latin America." Aeromexico will offer the daily flights to Sea-Tac Airport using a 160-seat Boeing 737-800 airplane. It will feature three classes of cabin seating. Delta's relationship with Aeromexico started with the airlines agreeing to sell tickets on each other's flights, known as a code share deal. It grew and in January, Delta completed its plans to acquire a 49 percent stake in Aeromexico. Five years ago, Aeromexico announced the biggest deal in Mexican aviation history, buying 100 Boeing aircraft, including 90 737 Max jets and 10 787-9 Dreamliners in an agreement worth $11 billion at list prices. The Max jets will start to be delivered in 2018. Aeromexico serves more than 80 cities, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, and 15 in Latin America. Andrew McIntosh covers aerospace and manufacturing for the Puget Sound Business Journal. © 2017 KGW-TV KGW Alaska Airlines to add nonstop flights from PDX to New York, Detroit KGW Delta to start direct PDX-London flight CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS KGW.com Live Feed Multiple protests planned for Sunday in Portland Right 2 Dream Too begins move from downtown Protesters detained at SW 4th & Morrison Theft suspect was wearing MAX attack victim's wedding ring Max rider accused of attacking operator Gov. Brown to join climate alliance PBOT hazing, bullying to be investigated KING 5 London Bridge Terror Incident Alt-right rally moves from Portland to Seattle More Stories 14 arrested during rallies in downtown Portland Jun. 4, 2017, 12:48 p.m. Funeral service, procession route for Rick Best… Jun. 4, 2017, 2:23 p.m. Photos: Protests in downtown Portland Jun. 4, 2017, 1:22 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Verify Kyron Horman TriMet Attack Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Greater Portland Today More Gold Buyers KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect Eclipse About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion This Is The Swamp John Linder Former Congressman 10:13 AM 05/26/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP There is a federal law forbidding federal government agencies from directly lobbying congress. However, that does not leave them helpless. Every program has a constituency and that constituency is organized. The dynamic is simple; recipients of government programs reap very large benefits while the cost to the average taxpayer of that specific program is small. The recipients have a financial interest in organizing and lobbying for more and the average taxpayer will be unmoved to respond. That is how programs grow and why they can never be cut. There is no law, however, forbidding foreign countries from lobbying our congress. And they all do. Many years ago, my wife Lynne and I were in Washington, D.C. visiting a friend who had retired from the Army. He was working for a company that sought contracts from the Department of Defense and he took us to see his new office in Rosslyn. Casually, in the course of walking through the building, he pointed out offices that were occupied by representatives of foreign governments. I asked him what those representatives could do for that nation that their embassies could not do. He said, “Get their share of the U.S. budget.” Years later I saw colleagues retire from Congress and move into the lobbying business. A very large number of them showed up the following year representing the interests of foreign countries. And those interests are broad, from budget considerations to affecting language in bills that could reflect well or not so well on that nation. I am not aware of any grants, or any other kind of distribution from the budget of any foreign nation, that benefit the United States. The principal owner in our friend’s company was African-American. Our friend and his boss visited Atlanta on a business trip and stayed at our house. Over dinner I asked the owner about his background in defense issues. He had none. He frankly explained to us that his value to the company was in how many “points” it was worth in the bid process to have minority ownership. Indeed, he was interviewing for a minority contract with the city of Atlanta the next morning. Our friend, however, knew the ropes at the DOD. He had spent many years at the Pentagon and retired at a high rank. He proudly explained how he would make a proposal for a project that piqued the interest of one of his former colleagues. He would then help that former colleague out by writing up the bid specifications for him. The proposal, of course, would be written such that theirs was the only company that could qualify to bid. I was stunned. “You’re kidding me aren’t you?” “No. No. That’s how it’s done. When I was in the Pentagon I worked it that way for my friends too.” He saw nothing wrong with the practice at all. That’s the way it works. Dealing with our federal government you are not measured by your competence or your product. You are measured by your bid. Once the bid is won it matters little whether you meet it. They are constantly adjusted upward. President Trump was elected in part because he promised to build a wall on the southern border. Immediately after the election we are hearing from some in the Department of Homeland Security that part of the border may be protected by new technology rather than a wall. Whatever is proposed, it will be new and shiny and bureaucrats will be in thrall. I’ve heard that song before. In 2005 Boeing won a bid for a virtual wall to cover 2000 miles of southern border. The bid was $7 billion and the pilot project was begun for 53 miles in Arizona. After a billion dollars the project was cancelled in January of 2011 with nothing to show for it. I suggest some modest reforms: Interests between nations should be a matter for the State Department and they should be handled at the ambassador level, not through lobbyists. The law preventing federal agencies from lobbying Congress should be expanded to include foreign governments. It should be illegal for U.S. companies to represent foreign governments before Congress. Businesses that fail to complete their government project under the contracted price should be prevented from bidding on future projects. Donald Trump has promised to drain the swamp. This is about as swampy as it gets. If you would like to be added to John Linder’s distribution list please send your email address to: [email protected] or follow on Twitter: @linderje Tags: Boeing, Department of Homeland Security, Department of State, Donald Trump, John Linder Hide Comments   Show comments Lena Dunham Poses In An Orange Sleeping Bag To Stop Gun Violence 5:40 PM 06/02/2017 POLL: Did Kathy Griffin’s Press Conference Change Your Mind? 3:54 PM 06/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America RwandAir launches its first direct flight to Europe Source: Xinhua| 2017-05-26 21:27:16|Editor: ying Video PlayerClose KIGALI, May 26 (Xinhua) -- Rwanda's national airline RwandAir has launched first direct commercial flight to Gatwick International Airport, London's second busiest airport. The airline's flight took off from Kigali International Airport on Friday afternoon en route to Gatwick International Airport, adding it to its network of 22 destinations worldwide. The new route will be operated by recently acquired brand new Airbus A330 aircraft that boasts of in-flight connectivity. The airline will fly to London three times a week and is expected to boost tourism and trade between the UK and Rwanda. Speaking to reporters shortly after launching London flight destination, the airline's deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, Yvonne Manzi Makolo said that the airline has embarked on expanding its wings to far destinations in order to serve a large clientele of travellers to visit Rwanda. "It's great step for our country, because it will bring us closer to our trade partners and sources of tourists. Rwanda will be making a big impact as a must-visit country," she added. Last year, the airline acquired its first A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus planes, boosting its fleet to 11 aircraft and capacity to compete globally. It is also scheduled to take delivery of another brand new Boeing before end of May. This direct seamless long-haul flight is an important milestone towards improving trade relations between Rwanda, the European continent. RwandAir carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. The Rwanda aviation industry which has become one of the largest and most profitable airlines in East Africa has continued to spread wings across Africa and beyond. The airline has been growing at an average of 20 percent in the last six years and is currently positioning itself as the most efficient and reliable airline in the region, according to figures from the Rwanda's ministry of infrastructure. The airline has 11 aircraft and expects delivery of the 12th, a Boeing 737-800, in May. KEY WORDS: RwandAir YOU MAY LIKE RwandAir receives Boeing 737-800NG to expand flight destinations RwandAir acquires East Africa's first Airbus A330-200 Zimbabwe says RwandAir to start Harare flights in 2016 MORE PHOTOS Hong Kong Int'l Auto Show kicks off People attend ceremony to commemorate Confucius in E China's Shandong Porcupine breeding brings fortune to poor families in S China's Hainan China completes construction of first Hualong One nuclear project Scenery of Dulong River Gorge in SW China's Yunnan People make Zongzi in C China's Hubei for upcoming Dragon Boat Festival TOP STORIES Data expo opens in southwest China Jiaolong conducts 2nd dive in 3rd stage of China's 38th oceanic expedition Traditional Duanwu Festival greeted around China Hong Kong Int'l Auto Show kicks off EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. Russia, China pledge further co-op-, joint work on int'l issues / 02. Trump cries foul over burden sharing at NATO summit / 03. British police find suspicious items in probe into Manchester attack / 04. Macron fails to woo Trump's support on Paris agreement / 05. Chinese movie "Walking Past the Future" hailed in Cannes MOST VIEWED Bottlenose dolphins relocated in NE China's Heilongjiang China's Xiamen to hold 9th BRICS Summit Yoga fans practise yoga on flower farmland in N China's Hebei Chinese submersible Jiaolong descends to 4,811 meters in Mariana Trench EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001363182941
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Steady Development Of Advanced And Innovative Technologies For Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market Over The Period 2017 – 2021 Market Research Report Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on „Steady Development Of Advanced And Innovative Technologies For Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market Over The Period 2017 – 2021” to its huge collection of research reports. Maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) enhances the life of an aircraft by increasing its operational efficiency. It includes services such as routine check-up, inspection, repair, and modification of aircraft and its components, assuring the safety and airworthiness of an aircraft. MRO is performed for airframes, engines, and components and includes thorough and extensive visual checks and nondestructive testing (NDT) for the detection of damage or corrosion. The MRO industry is characterized by steady development of advanced and innovative technologies. For instance, with the introduction of wearable technology, mobile devices can access flight-related information quickly and send information to maintenance specialists. This has helped in achieving on-time delivery of aircraft. Technavios analysts forecast the global commercial and military aircraft MRO market to grow at a CAGR of 3.39% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global commercial and military aircraft MRO market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the spending on MRO carried out for commercial and military aircraft. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors AAR Airbus Group Boeing Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) Lockheed Martin Rockwell Collins SIA Engineering Company Singapore Technologies Aerospace Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1067027 Other prominent vendors AMECO Aviation Technical Services Delta TechOps DynCorp International Elbit Systems Evergreen Aviation Technologies Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering (HAECO) Lufthansa Technik Monarch Aircraft Engineering SR Technics StandardAero Thales Market driver Improvements in synthetic vision avionic systems. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Challenges due to high cost and unavailability of spare parts. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Integration of advanced weapons into aircraft. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1067027 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Energy Storage Battery for Microgrids 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Food Preservatives Market anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 3.5% in terms of value during, 2014 – 2020 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch May 26, 2017 (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. The men Missouri has executed since 2000 2017 St. Louis area homicide map St. Louis Crime Tracker More government data Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Family says 7-year-old victim in quadruple shooting Thursday has died Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Follow us Latest in section Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Man shot in head in St. Louis neighborhood dies at hospital Woman IDs her son as 4th victim in St. Louis shooting, says she doesn't know motive Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Man fatally shot, another injured in Washington Park Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 The Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market on the basis of market drivers, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry study. Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786683 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report are report are Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, SAAB Group, Thales Group, Airbus Group, BAE Systems, General Dynamics, Israel Aerospace Industries, Finmeccanica, Almaz-Antey, Reutech Radar Systems, Rockwell Collins, Boeing and others. The research report gives an overview of Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Ground-Based AMDR, Naval-Based AMDR, Airborne-Based AMDR and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Ballistic Missile Defense, Conventional Have any Query Regarding the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786683 By Regional Analysis the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 112 Get the Full Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786683 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 ways editors are like chefs Next PostNext Business Jets Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 The Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market on the basis of market drivers, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry study. Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786690 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report are report are Honeywell International, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, Boeing Company, Sagem, Garmin, Rockwell Collins, Universal Avionics Corporation, Moog, Esterline Technologies and others. The research report gives an overview of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Flight Control Systems, Communication, Navigation & Surveillance (CNS) Systems, Flight Management Systems, Other and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Fixed Wing Aircraft, Rotary Wing Aircraft Have any Query Regarding the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786690 By Regional Analysis the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 101 Get the Full Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786690 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 The Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, providing an overall statistical study of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market on the basis of market drivers, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry study. Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786690 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report are report are Honeywell International, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Company, Boeing Company, Sagem, Garmin, Rockwell Collins, Universal Avionics Corporation, Moog, Esterline Technologies and others. The research report gives an overview of Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Flight Control Systems, Communication, Navigation & Surveillance (CNS) Systems, Flight Management Systems, Other and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Fixed Wing Aircraft, Rotary Wing Aircraft Have any Query Regarding the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786690 By Regional Analysis the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 101 Get the Full Flight Navigation Systems (FNS) Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786690 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Business Jets Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 The Business Jets Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Business Jets market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Business Jets Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Business Jets market, providing an overall statistical study of the Business Jets market on the basis of market drivers, Business Jets Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Business Jets trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Business Jets industry study. Business Jets Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Business Jets market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Business Jets market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Business Jets Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10786686 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Business Jets Market Report are report are Bombardier, Gulfstream Aerospace, Cessna Aircraft Company, Embraer, Dassault Aviation, Airbus Group, Boeing Company, Honda Aircraft Company, Textron Aviation, Amjet Aviation and others. The research report gives an overview of Business Jets industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Business Jets market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Business Jets industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Very Light Jets, Light Jets, Mid-size Jets, Super Mid-size Jets, Large Jets and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Public Bodies, Government Officials, Armed Forces, Other Have any Query Regarding the Business Jets Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10786686 By Regional Analysis the Business Jets Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Business Jets industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Business Jets market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Business Jets industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Business Jets market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Business Jets pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 107 Get the Full Business Jets Market Report for $ 3500 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10786686 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Next PostNext Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Advertise With Us Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Projects KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System Projects Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis NATO: in need of an overhaul? NATO: in need of an overhaul? Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Sizing up South Korea’s defence strategy Analysis Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Breaking in: UK MoD procurement and SMEs Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Prospect Insurance Brokers - Insurance Solutions for Civil and Commercial UAV Operators Insurance Solutions for Civil and Commercial UAV Operators Suppliers United Electronic Industries - Data Acquisition and Control Applications for Unmanned Military Vehicles Data Acquisition and Control Applications for Unmanned Military Vehicles Suppliers Jammers4u - High-Quality Drone Jammers for Military Applications High-Quality Drone Jammers for Military Applications Suppliers 3W International - Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » Events » Videos » News On May 26 2017 Deals this week: PAE Government Services, Jacobs Engineering Group, Navistar Defense The US Army Contracting Command has awarded a contractor logistics support contract worth $142.06m to US-based aerospace and defence company, PAE Government Services. The contractor will provide logistics support, training and mentoring services for the Afghanistan National Defense Security Forces, under the foreign military sales contract, up to May 2022. Jacobs Engineering has won a scientific and engineering support contract worth $130m from the US Army Electronic Proving Ground. The contractor will provide engineering, enterprise system testing, distributed network systems testing, evaluation and logistics services to the US Army and other agencies in the US Department of Defense. "Navistar Defense has been awarded a contract to supply 115 medium tactical vehicles to the Government of Iraq, under a foreign military sales programme, by January 2018." Navistar Defense has been awarded a contract to supply 115 medium tactical vehicles to the Government of Iraq, under a foreign military sales programme, by January 2018. Awarded by the US Army Contracting Command, the scope of the contract covers manufacture and delivery of 115 medium tactical vehicles. Leidos has received a $21.12m contract from the US Army Contracting Command to deliver a Saturn Arch-configured aircraft by June 2018. The scope of the contract covers design, manufacture, test and delivery of a single Saturn Arch-configured aircraft. The US Missile Defense Agency has awarded a five-year contract modification worth $1.088bn to The Boeing Company for the development of Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV). Boeing will perform development, testing and integration of payloads with the ground-based interceptor (GBI) and ground-based midcourse defense (GMD), and production of RKVs, as part of the contract. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch Explains USAF Decision to Let L3 Pick New Electronic Attack Aircraft at Congressional Hearing Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch Explains USAF Decision to Let L3 Pick New Electronic Attack Aircraft at Congressional Hearing Jane Edwards May 26, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 495 Views Arnold Bunch Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, military deputy of the U.S. Air Force’s acquisition office, has said the service branch’s decision to award L3 Technologies a contract to perform systems integration work on the Compass Call electronic attack aircraft recapitalization program stems from the company’s familiarity with the mission equipment, Defense News reported Thursday. The Air Force announced plans earlier this month to authorize L3 to decide on a new aircraft that will replace the military branch’s fleet of EC-130H Compass Call planes and host the 10 existing electronic warfare and mission platforms. “L3 has played that role as the systems integrator as we have modernized these aircraft for the last 15 years,” Bunch told lawmakers during a congressional hearing Thursday. “They are the ones that are very familiar with the mission equipment that is on there,” he added. Bunch noted the service will thoroughly evaluate the aircraft selection process “to ensure that it was comprehensive, impartial and compliant with all the applicable statutes and regulations.” His remarks came days after Boeing challenged the Air Force’s award of the systems integration contract to L3 through a protest filed with the Government Accountability Office on May 19, Defense One reported Wednesday. “The Air Force’s approach is inconsistent with Congress’s direction in the 2017 [National Defense Authorization Act] and seems to ignore inherent and obvious conflicts of interest,” Caroline Hutcheson, a spokeswoman for Boeing, said in an email statement. “We believe that the U.S. Air Force and taxpayer would be best served by a fair and open competition, and that the Air Force can still meet its stated timeline of replacing the aging fleet of EC-130Hs within 10 years,” Hutcheson added. GAO is expected to decide on the protest by Aug. 28, the report added. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 2017 NDAA Arnold Bunch Boeing Caroline Hutcheson Compass Call recapitalization program EC-130H Compass Call electronic attack aircraft featured GAO govcon Government Accountability Office L3 Technologies systems integration U.S. Air Force Related Articles Thomas Zacharia Named Director of DOE’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory June 2, 2017 Corey duBrowa Joins Salesforce as EVP and Chief Communications Officer June 2, 2017 Trump Withdraws U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord June 2, 2017 Check Also GAO: Most Participating Agencies Met Spending Requirements Under Small Business R&D Programs The Government Accountability Office has found that most agencies met spending requirements under two small business … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Thomas Zacharia Named Director of DOE’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory Corey duBrowa Joins Salesforce as EVP and Chief Communications Officer Trump Withdraws U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord GAO: Most Participating Agencies Met Spending Requirements Under Small Business R&D Programs GAO: FDIC Should Further Implement Information Security Program, Address Configuration Mgmt Gaps Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments SAIC to Provide IT Services to EPA Under $320M Task Order; Bob Genter Comments AT&T Secures $119M GSA Task Order for Updates to CDC Comms Systems; Mike Leff Comments Jacobs Secures $130M Contract to Support Army Electronic Proving Ground; Darren Kraabel Comments SAP NS2’s Mark Testoni Urges Better Protection, Management of Legacy Systems Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Mitre General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Julie Bowen Takes SVP Role Parsons to Provide Construction, Program Mgmt Support to NNSA; Carey Smith Comments DXC to Provide PIV Services, USAccess Support Under $150M GSA Deal; Marilyn Crouther Comments CACI Hires Former Lockheed, BAE Exec as President of US Operations; Ken Asbury Comments CACI Unveils Expanded COO Role for John Mengucci; Ken Asbury Comments Unisys Federal Names BD Executive for DHS Programs; PV Puvvada Comments @Follow Me .@Boeing taps Germany-based #COTESA for Chinook helicopter parts #GovCon https://t.co/tvWL8pfeNy45 mins ago Energy Department Announces Additional $20 Million in Research Awards https://t.co/8qaxfyKVPg #ARPA-E #DOE2 hours ago .@HIIndustries hands over USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier to @USNavy #GovCon https://t.co/lCiHFKycSM2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Opinion CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Home Opinion Using the wrong emoji can cost you — literally A recent case in the Israeli courts saw a defendant pay $3000 over a few texts and emojis By Ramona Pringle, for CBC News Posted: May 26, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: May 26, 2017 5:00 AM ET While this all might seem a little silly, it signals a not-so-silly shift in the way communication is changing. About The Author Ramona Pringle Technology Columnist Ramona Pringle is an associate professor in the RTA School of Media and director of the Transmedia Zone at Ryerson University. She is a CBC contributor who writes and reports on the relationship between people and technology. Related Stories Google cares about emoji equality, but does it really matter? Gettin' QWERTY with it: Why the physical phone keyboard still matters to some Imagine if an emoji — one casually fired off in a text-message conversation — ended up costing the sender thousands of dollars. Or $3,000, to be exact. That's what happened in Israel recently, after a judge determined that a message containing a string of emojis conveyed clear intent.   The case was a dispute over rent. A landlord placed an ad for his apartment online, and a prospective renter sent the landlord a series of texts, including one that read, "Good morning — <smiley face> — we want the house — <flamenco dancer>, <dancing girls>, <peace sign>, <comet>, <squirrel>, <champagne bottle> —  just need to go over the details…When suits you?" Based on this and a few other texts, the landlord removed the listing, presuming the renter's intent to take the apartment. But the renter didn't follow up and never signed any documents. In fact, she disappeared after a few days of communication, which eventually led to this lawsuit. According to the judge's ruling, the text messages — and the emojis, in particular — signalled clear interest on the part of the renter: "The…text message sent by defendant…included a smiley, a bottle of champagne, dancing figures and more,"  he wrote. "These icons convey great optimism. Although this message did not constitute a binding contract between the parties, this message naturally led to the plaintiff's great reliance on the defendants' desire to rent his apartment…These symbols, which convey to the other side that everything is in order, were misleading." The decision also made note of the consistency of the emoji use: "The festive icons at the beginning of the negotiations...and those smileys at the end of the negotiations...misled the plaintiff to think the defendants were still interested in his apartment. [They] support the conclusion that the defendants acted in bad faith in the negotiations." The judge ordered the defendant to pay the equivalent of just over $3,000 Canadian dollars. Shifting communication While this all might seem a little silly, it signals a not-so-silly shift in the way communication is changing. Short messages can deliver major consequences. Images, emojis and 140-character messages carry weight like never before. The president of the United States, for example, can send markets tumbling or put foreign leaders on alert with just a short burst on Twitter, his platform of choice. And every few months, a scandal hits the headlines in which someone has resigned from his or her job based on a tweet —presumably, one issued with hardly a second thought.   Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— @realDonaldTrump But this ruling on emojis has set a totally new precedent and raised all sorts of new questions. Top of mind is this: who decides what a particular emoji means? While some are very clear — it's easy to make the argument that a champagne bottle says, "Let's pop open the bubbly to celebrate our new home!" —  many others are open to vast interpretation. For instance, what was the meaning of the squirrel emoji in the renter's text? Or what if someone sends someone else a water gun emoji — could that constitute a threat? And doesn't the commonly used grimacing face look an awful lot like a happy smile? The answer, of course, is that there is no objective answer — not yet. Which means we need to be ever more vigilant in taking that extra second before we hit "enter" to decide if that tweet, or text, or emoji is the one we really want to send. As we know, the consequences can sometimes be <dollar bills> emoji. This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest News 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Canadian killed in London was struck on bridge 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'I lost everything': Regina couple says province's witness protection program failed them Canadian musical about 9/11 wins 3 major New York theatre awards CBC Ombudsman Read our journalistic standards and practices and see recent reviews by the ombudsman LATEST REVIEW: Don't blame the Messenger Don't Miss Updated 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. Analysis 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'I lost everything': Couple says Sask. witness protection program failed them Come From Away wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical Ariana Grande returns to the stage for Manchester benefit show Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Junior hockey's biggest fight isn't on the ice — it's in the courtroom Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' 'Boosting the economy from the bottom up': Why minimum wage hikes are a good thing Bell, Rogers, Telus raise some internet prices — while small providers drop theirs 7 dead, 21 critically injured in London attack 'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peak What to look for when choosing sunscreen for your kids: Your sun protection questions answered 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Volunteers at the Historic Flight Foundation wheel out the newest addition to the collection, a de Havilland Dragon Rapide. The wood-and-fabric airplane was a popular airliner in the 1930s and saw extensive military service with the Royal Air Force during World War II. Only 12 of the 731 built remain. (Dan Catchpole / The Herald) Aerospace blog Paine Field museum scores rare 1930s de Havilland airplane Dan Catchpole Mon May 22nd, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MUKILTEO — One of the rarest aircraft in the world recently landed at Paine Field’s Historic Flight Foundation in Mukilteo. The museum added a 1930s-era airliner, the de Havilland Dragon Rapide. The sleek airplane is a jewel in the foundation’s collection of vintage airplanes, which date from the end of the barnstormer days in the late 1920s to the beginning of commercial jet age in the late 1950s. The Dragon Rapide “defines the end of an era” when planes were made with wood and fabric, said John Sessions, the Historic Flight Foundation’s owner and founder. The plane’s durability and reliability meant airlines could stick to regularly scheduled flights, launching a new era of air travel, he said. The Dragon Rapide first flew April 17, 1934, at the Hatfield Aerodrome north of London. It was designed by Geoffrey de Havilland, one of the most influential airplane designers of the 20th century. It quickly proved popular with airlines and even with a member of the United Kingdom’s royal family. Edward, Prince of Wales, used one of the twin-engine biplanes for official travel, including to fly to London for his coronation (as Edward VIII) in 1936. De Havilland built 731 of the airplanes. Many were delivered to the Royal Air Force during World War II. The military version was dubbed the Dominie. The airplane, which had one pilot and carried eight passengers, helped connect the farflung British Empire. The flight from London to Cape Town, South Africa, took 10 days with 23 stops, but was still faster than going by boat. They surely were “intrepid passengers,” Sessions said. “Some of those stops must have been pretty sketchy.” Sessions opened the Historic Flight Foundation in 2010 to celebrate the innovation and creativity that fueled a golden age of propeller-powered airplanes. The period is bookmarked by pivotal moments — Charles Lindbergh’s crossing of the Atlantic in 1927 and the development of Boeing’s 707, the first commercially successful jetliner in the 1950s. The museum is open to the public year round. All the planes in the collection have been restored to original flying condition. The foundation’s Dragon Rapide was built in 1944 for the Royal Air Force. After the war, it was converted into an airliner and used by British European Airways until 1953. For the next 18 years, it was used for aerial surveying of major public projects, such as highway and seaport construction. The aging plane was next shipped across the Atlantic in 1971, to the Experimental Aircraft Association Museum in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. The Dragon Rapide remained on display until late 1997, when a private collector in California, William ‘Bud’ Field, bought it and moved it to the West Coast. After Field died in 2010, the plane stayed in storage as part of his estate. When Sessions learned of the airplane’s existence, he contacted Field’s family and asked about acquiring the historic airplane. He declined to say how much he paid for the plane. Earlier this year, he took off in the Dragon Rapide from Davis, California, and turned north. Flying into Oregon, he felt an unusual vibration. He set down in Medford, and inspected the plane. A key part of the left engine had failed, causing a significant drop in power. The plane stayed in Medford until spare parts arrived from the U.K. Sessions flew it to Paine Field in early spring. The Dragon Rapide is slated to head out soon to British Columbia, where it will be overhauled by a restoration company, Sealand Aviation. The plane will be painted in either its World War II colors or as it would have looked during its days with British European Airways. Mechanics also will painstakingly inspect the airplane and replace any questionable parts, Sessions said. “You can only be wrong once in these old airplanes.” Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   The de Havilland Dragon Rapide had a cramped interior, with room for one pilot and up to eight passengers. The twin-engine biplane helped connect the British Empire in the 1930s. The Historic Flight Foundation at Paine Field has one of 12 left in the world. (Dan Catchpole / The Herald) The Historic Flight Foundation’s de Havilland Dragon Rapide is still in flying condition despite being more than 70 years old. The recently-acquired airplane is scheduled to be extensively restored this summer in British Columbia and then returned to Paine Field. (Historic Flight Foundation)   Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Man kills father over domestic row Cipla shares tank 5 pc post Q4 earnings Business Standard Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn AFP  |  Singapore  May 26, 2017 Last Updated at 11:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVoBB9 ALSO READ BRICS bank approves USD 75 mn loan for solar project in China China offers 100 billion yuan for new Silk Road initiative Spoors Tech to expand client base in Africa, Europe and APAC World Bank announces USD 57 bln in financing for Africa S Africa deputy president says cabinet purge 'unacceptable' Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Singapore | Africa | Bank | China | Europe | Finance | London | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it ... Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 29° | Max. 35° Air Quality: PSI 35-53 We set you thinking Monday 5 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket 1496636526 World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' 1496635638 World China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining 1496635174 Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold 1496635263 Business Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 1496634464 World Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote 1496634440 Singapore Netizen who drew flak for Traffic Police FB post charged with shoplifting 1496633280 Singapore Public sector to cut water and electricity usage by 2020 1496632860 Business Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 1496633106 World China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy 1496633021 World Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 1496627501 World Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' 1496632191 World Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups 1496632235 World London cops adjust to new terror reality with guns, helicopters 1496632627 Voices S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme 1496632620 World Bahrain cuts ties with Qatar for meddling in internal affairs 1496632263 World Mattis fails to ease Asia’s concerns about Trump 1496630820 Business Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA 1496630308 Business Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference 1496630308 World "Enough is enough" PM May says after London attackers kill seven 1496606663 World Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage 1496629800 World In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes 1496629165 World On social media, Cambodia’s Buddhist monks double as election correspondents 1496629323 World Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 1496628054 World Trump’s off-the-cuff tweets strain foreign ties 1496627520 Business IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth risk to Asia 1496626507 World China upset at Mattis' 'irresponsible remarks' on South China Sea 1496622240 World Blast hits petrochemical plant in China, damage unknown: Xinhua 1496623993 Singapore Thomas Chua, netizen criticised for FB post on Traffic Police officer, arrested for shoplifting 1496589300 World Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 1496623625 Business Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track 1496622851 World Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 1496622727 Voices Food security: Vertical farming may be the answer 1496606520 Business Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems 1496618716 World British police will name London Bridge attackers when "operationally possible" 1496617874 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, June 5 1496615400 China&India Singapore ‘very happy’ with China’s contributions to Shangri-La Dialogue 1496606520 Singapore Singapore must play its part in the war against terror: Ng Eng Hen 1496587440 Singapore State intervention ‘keeps extremism at bay, fosters integration’: Shanmugam 1496606520 Singapore Loved ones of those radicalised have a duty to report them: Shanmugam 1496590140 World Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack 1496614149 World 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged 1496612112 World UAE warns citizens against traveling to UK after London attacks 1496603857 World Some Palestinian ex-prisoners in Gaza say their salaries withheld 1496607491 World Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies 1496605897 Business Coke, Cargill enter fray as sugar dispute threatens Mexico trade 1496608549 Business Saudi Aramco warned by lawyers on New York IPO litigation risks: FT 1496607390 Business Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes 1496604783 Business 'Wonder Woman' could lift Time Warner shares 20 percent - Barron's 1496603225 World London attack: Stabbing happened right in front of manager of Singaporean-owned restaurant 1496606542 Business Singapore-based firm orders six Airbus jets worth S$1.45 billion The logo of Airbus Group is seen on the company's headquarters building in Toulouse, Southwestern France, April 18, 2017. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:45 PM, May 26, 2017 Updated: 2:07 PM, May 27, 2017 SINGAPORE — Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said Friday it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around US$1.05 billion (S$1.45 billion). The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. “All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal’s flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020,” BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal “represents yet another new European customer” that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline’s fleet renewal plan includes “53 brand new” Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than US$3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of US$1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth US$2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan Waymo working on self-driving trucks Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Inside Today World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA Sports S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme Busy Mok on track for KL SEA Games Horse-racing: Quechua wins QEII Cup on third attempt Singapore’s giant-killing run in Darts World Cup ends with narrow q-final loss New ActiveSG club launched for ultimate frisbee Entertainment Once-censored, Cubans now rock to the Beatles at Havana tribute concert Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth sequel to include Trump’s exit from Paris Accord Actor who posted about Ah Boys to Men 4 audition questioned by cops Wonder Woman sets out on her quest to transform Hollywood Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News Singapore's BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth $1.05 bn Shares0 Fri, 26 May 2017-11:05am , PTI Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. "All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal's flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020," BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes "53 brand new" Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business New benchmark bond seen in 6.65-6.75% range Business Nifty band may stretch past 9700 Business Innovating a tech-led approach to realty Business Linde-Praxair deal to stir industrial gases space in India Business CEO's Malaysia experience led to Mercedes-Benz cut price Business Govt moves to get clearer picture of India's job market Related USD/INR should rally towards 64.8 Wipro chief Azim Premji's salary drops 63% Infosys to hire 20,000 new employees this year after sacking 400 Zee Biz Originals View all Wipro chief Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17 Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags United States Airbus BOC Aviation Portugal Boeing Europe Singapore Africa Americas Bank of China Dublin France London Seattle Tianjin SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News S. Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar over 'terrorism' 'Enough is enough' PM May says after London attackers kill seven Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials Sport Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers SHOWCASE-Tennis-Alize Cornet v Caroline Garcia - player profiles Tennis-Murray takes on tricky Khachanov for a spot in last eight Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar at 64.32 in early trade Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Singapore-based BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets for US$1.05b Friday May 26, 2017 01:05 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Airbus aircraft order by Singapore-based BOC Aviation includes four A320 NEOs (above). — Reuters picSINGAPORE, May 26 — Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said today it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around US$1.05 billion (RM4.5 billion). The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. “All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal’s flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020,” BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal "represents yet another new European customer" that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline's fleet renewal plan includes “53 brand new” Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than US$3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of US$1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth US$2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes Pound falls after London terror attacks raise political tensions World Bank still sees global growth picking up amid policy risks Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Oil subdued as rising US output undermines Opec effort to cut supply Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Bursa to be firmer next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation places order for 22 Boeing B737s Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Business Home LBoard Zakir Naik accuses India’s Hindu leaders of hypocrisy FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Singapore’s BOC Aviation orders six Airbus jets worth US$1.05 billion AFP | May 26, 2017 The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. SINGAPORE: Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm BOC Aviation said Friday it has ordered six new Airbus planes worth around $1.05 billion. The order comprises four planes from the A320 NEO family and two Airbus A330-900 aircraft, the leasing company said in a statement. “All six Airbus aircraft have been committed for lease to Portugal’s flag-carrier TAP Portugal and will be delivered between 2018 and 2020,” BOC said in a statement. Steven Townend, chief commercial officer for Europe, the Americas and Africa at BOC, said the deal with TAP Portugal “represents yet another new European customer” that will help it further expand its portfolio. TAP Portugal vice president for finance Teresa Lopes said the airline’s fleet renewal plan includes “53 brand new” Airbus NEO aircraft. BOC Aviation, owned by Bank of China, is based in Singapore with offices in Dublin, London, Seattle and Tianjin. It is a key customer for both Airbus, based in France, and US rival Boeing. In January last year, it announced an order for 30 Airbus A320s worth more than $3 billion to meet growing demand. In March this year, it announced an order for 13 new Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes worth a total of $1.4 billion. This was on top of an order announced in November 2015 for 22 Boeing 737 planes worth $2.27 billion. The single-aisle A320 and B737 families are popular choices among low-cost carriers. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Siapa di sebalik syarikat Godfrey bayar RM1 juta kepada pelobi Trump? Buruan ratu cantik Jumbo Queen 2017 bermula ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Putera Harry buka puasa di Singapura Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch May 26, 2017 (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. More government data 2017 St. Louis area homicide map St. Louis Crime Tracker The men Missouri has executed since 2000 Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Family says 7-year-old victim in quadruple shooting Thursday has died Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Follow us Latest in section Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Man shot in head in St. Louis neighborhood dies at hospital Woman IDs her son as 4th victim in St. Louis shooting, says she doesn't know motive Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Man fatally shot, another injured in Washington Park Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 7 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Two deadly shootings, one suspect arrested in attacks in St. Louis city and county By Christine Byers and Kim Bell St. Louis Post-Dispatch May 26, 2017 (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. St. Louis police released images of a blue pick-up truck wanted in connection to two shootings that left two people dead Thursday, May 25, 2017. David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com UPDATES with background on suspect's criminal history A St. Louis man was charged late Thursday in a fatal shooting that police believe was linked to another one in St. Louis earlier in the day. Police said Casey Lowery, 36, was arrested about 10 p.m. Thursday. No other details were immediately available. Two people were killed and one critically injured in the separate shootings. Police said Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Police early Friday identified the victim as Andre Jones, 28 of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +6  Casey Lowery is charged with murder in the first degree and one count of armed criminal action in St. Louis County; he was arrested walking naked along a Tennessee highway.  Lowery’s address is in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That address is a block from the scene of the first fatal shooting. About 8:30 a.m., a man shot a homeowner in the head in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, critically injuring him in front of an Ameren subcontractor. When police arrived, they found a woman who had been shot nearby. She was taken to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. The woman was identified as Keiva Jones, 29. She lived in the same block as the shooting. The homeowner, a man in his 50s, was in critical and unstable condition at a hospital. Witnesses told police the victims were in a relationship, according to a source. About 8:45 a.m. and about four miles away, a gunman opened fire on a vehicle on a Conoco gas station parking lot in unincorporated St. Louis County, wounding a motorist. He died at a nearby hospital, police said. After the shots were fired, both the shooter’s vehicle and victim’s vehicle were seen driving off the lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. The victim, a man, was shot at least once, according to St. Louis County police. Police do not know how many people were inside either vehicle when the shooting occurred. In both the Baden and St. Louis County cases, the shooter’s vehicle was described as a mid-’90s blue pickup with a camper shell, prompting police to believe the shootings may be connected. Security officers at Boeing in Berkeley called Berkeley police shortly after 9 a.m. to report that a truck had “blown through” several security checkpoints, said Police Chief Art Jackson. The driver did not cause any damage and escaped. The truck matched the description of the shooter’s vehicle that St. Louis County police then shared with surrounding agencies, Jackson said. St. Louis police spokeswoman Leah Freeman said in a statement that police believe the shootings are connected. Lt. John Green, commander of the St. Louis Police Department’s homicide division, gave this account of the Baden shooting: The utility worker, an electrician, showed up at a home on Canaan after a homeowner complained about a burned-out street light in the alley. The worker talked to the homeowner and they stood in the alley looking at the light that needed repairs. Another man, who was a stranger to the utility worker, walked up and began talking to the homeowner. The two men shook hands and talked as if they knew each other. The man who had just walked up pulled a gun and fired a shot at the broken light. “You didn’t need to do that,” the utility worker told the shooter. He told the gunman that he was preparing to fix it. With that, the shooter fired his gun at the homeowner, striking him in the head, and the worker ran to his truck to escape, Green said. The utility worker parked a block or two away, in a spot he considered safe, so he could make a phone call. He had the homeowner’s cellphone number from the work order form, so he tried calling the homeowner. When he looked up, the shooter was standing outside his vehicle. The shooter demanded his phone, then drove away. The utility worker returned to the scene about two hours later to walk the alley with detectives, describing the incident. The woman’s body was found by police when they arrived to investigate. The worker never saw the woman, and police have found no witnesses to her shooting, Green said. Neighbors said the male victim was known on the block to cut people’s grass and hold weekend parties to keep neighborhood children entertained. His home on Canaan, with a small blue plastic pool in the side yard, is about three houses from the vacant lot where he was shot. Crime in the Baden neighborhood is up nearly 25 percent in the last six months from the same period a year earlier. Suspect's background Besides the murder charge, Lowery's most recent criminal history includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery's failure to appear in court and raised Lowery's bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery's lawyer filed a "notice of bond compliance," Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery's trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year's probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Denise Hollinshed of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. St. Louis Crime Tracker More government data 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 Tags Homicide Ameren Utility Worker John Green St. Louis Police Department St. Louis County Police St. Louis Christine Byers Kim Bell Blue Pickup Baden Neighborhood Unincorporated St. Louis County Criminal Law Casey Lowery Law Police Art Jackson Crime Christine Byers Christine Byers is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Christine Byers Close Get email notifications on Christine Byers daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Christine Byers posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Christine Byers Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Kim Bell Kim Bell is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kim Bell Close Get email notifications on Kim Bell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Bell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Bell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Family says 7-year-old victim in quadruple shooting Thursday has died Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Follow us Latest in section Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Man shot in head in St. Louis neighborhood dies at hospital Woman IDs her son as 4th victim in St. Louis shooting, says she doesn't know motive Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Man fatally shot, another injured in Washington Park Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
TV Three Bravo Newshub ThreeNow TV Guide Radio The Edge More FM RadioLIVE The Rock George The Sound Mai The Breeze Magic Video Three Bravo NewsHub Edge TV The Rock More FM George TV Mai FM The Breeze News NZ News Enviro/Science Politcs Weather Sport Health World Money Sport Recipes The Breeze Fresh Win MediaWorks NZ Ltd More Weather RadioLIVE Listen Now Home NZ World Politics Lions Sport Health Ent. Money Shows Opinion Rocket Lab showered with meteors of praise for first flight 26/05/2017 Dan Satherley Rocket Lab may not have reached orbit in its first test flight, but New Zealand's first space company has been showered with praise for what it did achieve. The Electron rocket, powered by its 3D-printed Rutherford engine, made it into space - the first time anywhere in the world a rocket capable of reaching orbit has been launched from a private space facility, specifically the Mahia Peninsula in Hawke's Bay. "It has been an incredible day and I'm immensely proud of our talented team," said Peter Beck, Rocket Lab chief executive and founder. The fact something didn't quite go to plan, preventing the rocket from entering orbit, is likely to only be a small speed bump. "I know first-hand how incredibly hard it is to get something to space - a million things have to go right," said Dr George Sowers, former chief scientist of Boeing and Lockheed joint venture United Launch Alliance. "As a matter of statistics, the general record of the launch industry for first flights of a new rocket is around 50 percent. Success was certainly not guaranteed." Electron rocket (Rocket Lab / Facebook) Considering Rocket Lab's small team and their use of an all-new type of rocket and engine, that they made it into space on the first go was impressive enough, said Richard Easther, professor of physics at the University of Auckland. "Achieving orbit on the first try would be a fairytale result with any completely new launch vehicle, and Rocket Lab came tantalizingly close to pulling this off. This will stand as a major accomplishment." Mr Beck says Rocket Lab will now be poring over the data to find out what didn't work. "We have learnt so much through this test launch and will learn even more in the weeks to come." Two more test flights are scheduled this year. Do Rocket Lab's finances stack up? Kris Walsh, former project manager at United Launch Alliance and NASA launch director said Rocket Lab's decision to focus on smaller payloads - when compared with the likes of SpaceX - is not just good from a practical perspective, but a commercial one. "If Rocket Lab can quickly get reliable, on time launches, they can capture a market ignored by the current industry." Dr Sowers however says Rocket Lab will need to upscale its payloads if it hopes to remain commercially viable. "The southern latitude limits customers to high inclination orbits, precluding a portion of the market. It is also a long journey for American or European customers, representing most of the market." He also foresees strong competition from India and China. "If Rocket Lab succeeds, they will be the first commercial company to do so in the small market. Many have failed, including SpaceX, who discontinued the Falcon 1 small launcher after only a handful of launches." Newshub. Contact Terms and Conditions Advertise with Us Copyright © 2017 MediaWorks TV - All Rights Reserved Get in touch email facebook twitter
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Agamoni Ghosh International Business Times 26 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Space aggressorsMore A real life Independence Day may not be far away. Only this time there is no defined threat the military is working against, although it is about "extraterrestrial combat". Space Aggressors is what the US military is calling them, a team of soldiers training at a warehouse near Colorado's Rocky Mountains. Their job is to act like the enemy during mock space battles to help US units prepare for a conflict that may one day extend to outer space. Trending: Has Hillary Step at the top of Everest collapsed or not, and why can't people decide? "We play the bad guys," Captain Christopher Barnes, chief of training for the 26th Space Aggressor Squadron told the Seeker. "We study threats to the space realm, either coming from space or based on land. If we can't directly replicate them with hardware, then we figure out if there's a software solution or some way we can train people to the point where they can fight through them, if they have to, in a conflict," he says. The elite military unit is being prepared to take on what US calls 'very real' threats from space powers like Russia and China. US intelligence chief Dan Coats recently told a Senate hearing that Russia and China are aggressively pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons, some of which in future could not only destroy US satellites but may even posses the capability to hit targets on land. Don't miss: Mystery of the disappearing star – how N6946-BH1 vanished without a trace Vice Admiral Charles Richard, deputy commander of U.S. Strategic Command, had told a Washington conference in March that "China is developing an arsenal of lasers, electro-magnetic rail guns, and high-powered microwave weapons to neutralize America's intelligence, communications, and navigation satellites." Captain Barnes said some people think space is the Achilles heel for the US because of its heavy reliance on space assets for most everything, from launching missiles to directing warships across the seas. For instance, any damage to the Global Positioning System -- a group of 31 satellites owned by the US government and operated by their US Air Force -- could make the US military to fall back to outmoded tactics, greatly eroding its technological edge over an enemy. Most popular: Did first humans really evolve in Greece? 'Extraordinary' claim lacks crucial evidence The army however, stresses that it is not space war yet but like any other unit of the military that has to be ready for any existential threats, a space threat is very real in today's scenario. "While we're not at war in space, I don't think we could say we're exactly at peace, either," says Vice Admiral Richard. "We must prepare for a conflict that extends into space." You may be interested in: How Boeing plans to build Darpa's first hypersonic spacecraft Apollo 11 moon dust bag used for first lunar sample to be auctioned for up to $4m Is Russia prepping for space war? 3 mystery satellites reactivated but no one knows what they can do US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next This man 'embodied the British spirit' by fleeing the London Bridge attack with his pint Yahoo News UK Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored London Bridge terror: Seven killed in van and knife attack, three attackers shot dead Sky News How much money do top English clubs make? 1993 vs 2017 Yahoo UK Originals One Love Manchester: Ariana Grande tribute show in pictures The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's (BWLD) Business Insider UK In pictures: London Bridge terror attack leaves 7 dead and dozens injured UK election slips in ahead of spending squeeze AFP This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Past votes Theresa May wish you forgot Yahoo UK Originals Isis says it carried out terror atrocity that hit London Bridge Yahoo News UK Pictures of the week: Surfers, seaplanes and salt lakes Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored First victim of London Bridge terror attack named as Canadian Christine Archibald Yahoo News UK Who are the suspects behind the London terror attack? The Telegraph By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Monday, Jun 05th 2017 About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Cleared for take-off: RwandAir begins London flights By: Peterson Tumwebaze Published: May 27, 2017 News Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 RwandAir's maiden flight to London on the runway just before take-off. The airline will ply the London route three times a week. / Timothy Kisambira More in News Experts want more citizens’ role in preparing third devt blueprint Masked gunmen kill 28 in attack on Christians in Egypt New human rights commissioners sworn in At exactly 12:55pm local time, RwandAir’s Airbus A330-300 took off from Kigali International Airport heading to Gatwick International Airport, London’s second busiest airport. This was the first direct flight to Europe by the national carrier. To Enock Enugu, a Nigerian national who was on the maiden flight to London, said this is “a milestone and a demonstration of how much the country has achieved under the current leadership.” On board the recently acquired aircraft (Umurage) were more than 60 passengers excited to fly from the heart of Africa heading to Europe’s financial hub. Yvonne Manzi Makolo, RwandAir’s deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, speaks to journalists. / Timothy Kisambira The flight was expected to touch down at Gatwick at exactly 8p.m local time (10p.m Rwandan time). Yvonne Manzi Makolo, RwandAir’s deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, confirmed the national carrier will be flying to London three times week. She said the airline wants to leverage London and spread its wings further into the European continent. “We have done enough market research and are confident about the Kigali-London route which is key to capturing the European market,” Makolo told Saturday Times before heading to London. The addition of Gatwick – London takes the airline to 22 destinations, she added. A business opportunity Meanwhile, members of the private sector hailed the airline’s bold move to fly to London, calling it a business opportunity. Denis Karera, a Kigali based business leader who was onboard the aircraft, urged the private sector to take advantage of the flights to help boost trade between London and Kigali. “It is a business opportunity for everyone, especially the private sector, to seize,” he said adding that the route is expected to improve both tourism and exports in general. This will eventually have a spillover effect of the economy, Karera noted. More long-haul flights in offing Meanwhile, RwandAir is scheduled to launch flights to New York and new Asian destinations. On the African front, the airline plans to fly to Conakry in Guinea, Bamako in Mali, as well as Dakar, Senegal, Lilongwe in Malawi and Durban in South Africa. Passengers board RwandAir’s maiden direct flight to Gatwick International Airport, London, yesterday. / Timothy Kisambira Recently, the airline acquired its first A330 series (A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus aircraft)to boost its fleet and capacity. It is also scheduled to receive another brand new Boeing on Sunday. Experts say RwandAir’s ambitious expansion strategy could help position it as a major aviation player in the next five years. The IATA Operational Safety Audit certified airline carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. RwandAir lands at Gatwick international airport in London a editorial@newtimes.co.rw Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular How improved banana growing has boosted livelihood in Kayonza Cleared for take-off: RwandAir begins London flights Uganda, TZ sign deal for world’s longest heated oil pipeline All set for Kigali Fashion Week finale More leaders should join MPs in anti-genocide ideology drive We can learn a lot from Israel US Embassy pledges more support to Rwandan Muslims The need to strike a balance between sovereignty and economic integration Letters We can learn a lot from Israel Al More leaders should join MPs in anti-genocide ideology drive Bemba Rwanda Calling 2017 delegates will support Genocide victim Clarence Fernandes Why should Kim trust Trump? Muhamud » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2027 Lift control devices in aircraft play a key role in lifting the aircraft during take-off and landing. Aircraft lift control devices are used in aviation applications, such as in commercial, business, military aircraft. Lift control devices include flaps, boundary layer control and blown systems, slats and slots, and leading edge root extensions. A rise in global economic conditions has spurred favorable growth in aviation transportation by cutting prices, which in turn drives growth of the aircraft lift control device market. Aircraft take-off and landing completely depend on the size of the wing; it determines the distance and speed at which the aircraft should take-off. An easy take off, i.e. one from a short distance and at a less speed is possible by increasing the size of the wing with the help of lift controlling devices, including flaps, spoilers, slats and slots. Flap: A plain flap increases the maximum lift when required, i.e. during takeoff or landing. The lift increases with an increase in flap deflection. The flap is a movable part of the wing used to produce lift. When it is lowered, it re-shapes the wing section to give it more camber. This allows the aircraft to generate lift at a relatively low speed. Spoilers: Spoilers efficiently distribute and streamline airflow over the wings. They are responsible for obtaining low static areas upon the wings, which increases the production of lift. Slats & Slots: These are small devices installed at the wing leading edge ahead to enable the flow of air between slat and wing slot over the wing at high (AOA) acquisition-only authority. Slates energize air by using kinetic energy from below the wing to the airflow on top. Request For Report Sample: www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3712 Leading Edge Flaps: At a high angle, leading edge flaps increase the camber of the wing. These are used in airliners, especially in regional jets. Vortex generators: They produce high lift, enable short landing and take-off distances, and offer better aircraft control during a slow flight. Being a developed economy, North America allows consumers to travel in airlines at relatively cheap costs and keeps consumer benefit as its first priority. Military and naval forces in the U.S. are using innovative aviation technology in fighters, jets, and bombers, which in turn drives growth of the aircraft lift control devices market. Europe holds the second spot in terms of market share, owing to the presence of leading market players. The region promotes liberalization of services, and features relatively cheap airline travel fares. Growth of the aviation industry in the APAC region is significant and it is expected to continue the same trend in the coming future. APAC may emerge as a dominant region in the aircraft lift control devices market, owing to the increasing number of airports, and decreasing air fares. Advancements, rise in technology and aggressive research and development initiatives drive the aircraft control devices market. Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Segmentation The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of aircraft type: Very large body aircraft Narrow body aircraft Wide body aircraft The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of product type: Flaps Spoilers Slats and slots Leading edge flaps Vortex generators The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis of wing type: Fixed wing Rotary wing Request For TOC: www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3712 The aircraft lift control devices market can be segmented on the basis ofapplication: Commercial aviation Business aviation Military aviation Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Key Trends and Drivers Rising demand for air transport, due to fare cuts and global connectivity accelerates the demand for aircraft, which in turn is expected to drive the airlift control devices market. Specialized innovations in aircraft and fighter jets for military and naval applications to strengthen the country’s defence forces drive the market. Aircraft Lift Control Devices Market: Market Participants Examples of some of the market participants identified in theairlift control devices marketacross the value chain include, Shimadzu Corporation,Spirit Aerosystem, Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Triumph Aerostructure, GKN Aerospace, Aernnova, and UTC Aerospace Systems. Browse Full Report: www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/aircraft-lift-contro… ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Spandex Fiber Market Manufacturers Profiles, Opportunities, Regions, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Aerospace Couplers Market Set to Grow Exponentially During the Forecast, 2027 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
